Title: Princeton CorpGov Forum Featuring Alternative Investments with NYSE, Goldman Sachs, May 22
Date: 2025-04-16 17:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/princeton-corpgov-forum-featuring-alternative-175340672.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
CorpGov will launch the inaugural Princeton CorpGov Forum on Thursday, May 22, 2025, at The Nassau Inn in Princeton, New Jersey. Four successful years of hosting the Palm Beach CorpGov Forum precede this event. ​
The seminar will start at 3:00pm featuring an afternoon of panels, firesides and networking. A reception will follow at 5:30pm at the Nassau Inn with cocktails and heavy hors d’oeuvres. ​
Panel Topics:​
The Role of Private Equity in Contested Situations ​
Corporate Governance in PE and VC ​
Endowment Investing in Alternative Assets​
Industry Panels: AI and Consumer​
The event will be digitized into a report published on CorpGov and content partners Yahoo! Finance and Bloomberg, filmed in 4K with professional editing.
The Forum is invitation only consisting of institutional investors, corporate executives, and Princeton alumni. To request a ticket or for information on being a speaker, please email Editor@CorpGov.com.
Preliminary Speakers and Notable Attendees
Tad Smith, ’87, Senior Partner 1Roundtable Partners (1RT) and 10T Holdings (10T); co-founder of 1RT
Soo Kim, ’97, Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer, Standard General, and Chairman of the Board, Bally’s Corp
James Ruddy, ‘90, Former CEO, Sabre Industries, Inc., acquired by Blackstone
Peter Clarke, Senior Director, Roberts & Ryan Investments Inc.
Kent Collier, Founder and CEO, Octus
Katie Creaser, Managing Director, Technology, ICR
Craig DeDomenico, Managing Director, Stifel
Lawrence Elbaum, Partner, Vinson & Elkins
Andrew Freedman, Co-Managing Partner, Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP
Rafique Jiwani, Vice President, Goldman Sachs Private Equity
Neil Keegan, CEO and Co-Founder, Marlinspike Partners​
Josh Kosman, Business Reporter, New York Post
Tad Nacheff, Head of Financial Sponsor Coverage – Capital Markets, NYSE
Tom Nolan, CEO, Kendra Scott​
John Quigley, Co-Founder and former Managing Partner, Nassau Capital
Joseph Quintilian, Partner, Distributed Capital Partners, and co-founder, Ajna Labs LLC
Hooman Shahidi, Founding Partner and CEO, Opus Bloom Capital Management
Zachary Swartz, Partner, Vinson & Elkins
Alan Wink, Managing Director, Eisner Advisory Group
Dan Zacchei, Managing Partner, Longacre Square Partners
Jarrett Banks, Editor-at-Large, CorpGov  (Moderator)
John Jannarone, ’03, Editor-in-Chief, CorpGov (Moderator)
Contact:
IPO-Edge.com
John Jannarone
Editor-in-Chief
Editor@ipo-edge.com
The post Princeton CorpGov Forum Featuring Alternative Investments with NYSE, Goldman Sachs, May 22 appeared first on CorpGov.
Small and medium-sized brands are poised to bear the negative brunt of increased tariffs on imports to the U.S., according to a new PitchBook report.
Manufacturers in semiconductors, food, medtech and chemicals landed major mergers and acquisitions to start the year.
Salem-based Maps Credit Union’s purchase of Lewis & Clark Bank marks the fourth whole-bank acquisition proposed by a credit union this year.
Energy Minister Bahlil Lahadalia urged Indonesia to raise its LPG imports and buy more crude oil from the US.
The company cited increased luxury prices and dominance of fast fashion as the impetus for the report, which identified top performing brands and trends.
Ryan Breslow is officially back. While the founder of one-click checkout company Bolt re-assumed its helm as CEO in March, Breslow is unveiling Wednesday a new “superapp” that he hopes will formally mark his return as the fintech’s leader. He describes the new product as “one-click crypto and everyday payments” in a single platform, in an exclusive interview with TechCrunch. The controversial entrepreneur famously stepped down in January 2022 from the San Francisco-based company he started in 20
We came across a bullish thesis on Napco Security Technologies, Inc. (NSSC) on Substack by Value Chaser. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on NSSC. Napco Security Technologies, Inc. (NSSC)’s share was trading at $21.64 as of April 15th. NSSC’s trailing and forward P/E were 16.52 and 24.69 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. NAPCO […]
The beauty retailer is suffering from a growing problem.
We came across a bullish thesis on Precision Drilling Corporation (PDS) on Substack by Nugget Capital Partners. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on PDS. Precision Drilling Corporation (PDS)’s share was trading at $42.09 as of April 15th. PDS’s trailing and forward P/E were 7.48 and 9.04 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Precision Drilling […]
JP Morgan analyst Bill Peterson downgraded United States Steel Corporation (NYSE:X) from Overweight to Neutral and cut the price forecast from $43 to $38. The analyst cited the pending NSC deal, which seems to be ‘in the hands of the Trump administration’ as the reason. In recent news, Nippon Steel and United States Steel are reportedly negotiating with the Trump administration to revive their $14 billion merger by significantly boosting investments in U.S. Steel’s Rust Belt facilities. Also Rea
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
