Title: Big banks maintain 'the sky is not falling' amid Trump tariff turmoil. So far.
Date: 2025-04-16 08:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/big-banks-maintain-the-sky-is-not-falling-amid-trump-tariff-turmoil-so-far-080012863.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Big banks are offering the latest view of how their customers are faring amid President Trump's tariff turmoil, and it's not all bad — at least for now.
"The message has really been that the sky is not falling," Saul Martinez, a bank analyst for HSBC, told Yahoo Finance on Tuesday.
Five of the country's largest banks over the past week posted first quarter rises in profits and revenue, driven in part by trading operations that benefited from the market volatility triggered by the initial rollout of Trump's first tariffs in February and March.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
Collectively, net profits at JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), Citigroup (C), Morgan Stanley (MS), and Goldman Sachs (GS) amounted to $35 billion, a 13% increase from the year-ago quarter. Revenue also rose at all of these banks. Trading revenue alone jumped 17% to more than $36 billion.
Many banks said their consumer customers were still spending, defaults were still manageable, and businesses were not experiencing distress despite the uncertainty about the months ahead. None of the institutions with big Wall Street footprints updated their earnings outlooks for the rest of the year, either.
What these results didn't include, however, was the volatile period that followed Trump's April 2 "Liberation Day" tariff announcement, which took place two days after the quarter ended. Stocks and bonds plunged and have yet to fully recover, ushering in new uncertainty about the economy and the safety of US assets.
"We're surprised about the degree of ongoing firmwide strength at all 5 big banks ... and the more than expected upbeat views," said Wells Fargo banking analyst Mike Mayo in a Tuesday note.
"To us, it all says that events since Apr 2 can still be little more than a speed bump, so long as policy moves faster to help ease most of the uncertainty," he added, in reference to promised deregulation of the banking industry expected from the Trump administration.
Not that banks and their top executives were entirely upbeat. Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon said that the prospect of a recession "has increased." JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said the economy faces "considerable turbulence," with a recession as a "likely outcome."
In such a scenario, he added, "earnings won't be great and the stocks will go down."
But many bankers were noticeably more optimistic. The word "recession" did not come up once on Citigroup's Tuesday earnings calls with analysts. Jane Fraser, CEO of Citigroup, also offered an optimistic vision of the current turmoil.
"When all is said and done, and longstanding trade imbalances and other structural shifts are behind us, the U.S. will still be the world's leading economy," she said in a statement with the bank's Tuesday earnings release.
Brian Moynihan, CEO of Bank of America, went out of his way on Tuesday to note that his bank's research team doesn't see a recession happening in 2025.
Read more: What is a recession, and how does it impact you?
US consumers, he added, keep "pushing money into the economy," and the lender's business clients "remain profitable, liquid and have strong results."
But "nobody has a perfect crystal ball," Moynihan acknowledged, noting that "we potentially face a changing economy in the future."
Some banks even showed a rise in investment banking income during the first quarter, defying predictions of a slowdown. Executives acknowledged some deals were now on hold due to uncertainties, but many described the pullbacks as temporary rather than long-lasting.
"I'm saying pause versus delete," Morgan Stanley CEO Ted Pick told analysts of the current investment banking environment. "We don't know whether the economy is going to contract."
Even amid the optimism, there were signs that banks are preparing for harder times. JPMorgan, Bank of America, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo (WFC) added $8.4 billion in provisions to account for future loan losses.
The figure was 29% higher than the year-ago period and 9% higher than the previous quarter.
"We're still in a cloudy period. It's going to be choppy from here, and it's exhausting,” Ken Leon, an analyst for CFRA Research, told Yahoo Finance.
David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Bank of America reported a first-quarter rise in profits and revenue driven by robust trading results, becoming the latest big bank to benefit from the market volatility surrounding President Trump’s tariff rollout.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Dividend Monarchs to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW) stands against other best dividend monarchs. Dividend-focused investors are generally well-acquainted with terms like Dividend Aristocrats and Dividend Kings, but many may not be […]
Certain apartment and home rental companies might hold up well despite worries about a slowing economy.
Markets welcomed the 90-day pause on President Donald Trump's tariff plan, but banker forecasts for mergers and acquisitions and earnings remain uncertain.
(Bloomberg) -- European equities closed modestly lower on Wednesday, as China’s signal that it could be open to trade talks allowed the market to pare earlier losses. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe Stoxx Europe 600 Index ended the session down 0.2%, snapping a two-day winning streak. Howeve
(Bloomberg) -- Beleaguered stock bulls are getting an encouraging sign from the people who know the companies best.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsCorporate insiders scooped up shares of their own companies at the fastest pace in 16 months as the S&P 500 sank in March, and they kept buying at an elevated clip as the rout accelerated th
Sees non-interest income ex-markets up 2%-3% year-over-year. Sees expenses slightly below $53.4B. Sees Cards NCL rates around the top of the 2024 ranges for both businesses, with higher losses in 1H, consistent with seasonal patterns, subject to changing conditions. Says ACL build will be a function of macroeconomic environment and business volumes. Says repurchased $1.75B of common shares in 1Q25; targeting a similar level of share repurchases in 2Q25. Says remains committed to continuing to im
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
