Title: ETFs in Focus Post JNJ's Q1 Earnings Beat, Dividend Hike
Date: 2025-04-16 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/etfs-focus-post-jnjs-q1-140000330.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Johnson & Johnson JNJ reported stronger-than-expected first-quarter 2025 results. The world's biggest healthcare products maker continued with its long streak of earnings beat and also exceeded revenue estimates. It raised its revenue guidance for this year amid tariff chaos and boosted its quarterly dividends.Given the resilience of the drugmaker amid the potential tariff shifts under the Trump administration, investors should tap the company’s growth prospects through ETFs with the largest allocation to this diversified drug maker. These include iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF IHE, iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF IYH, First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF FTXH, Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund XLV and VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF PPH.JNJ’s first-quarter earnings per share came in at $2.77, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.57 and improved 2.2% from the year-ago earnings. Revenues grew 2.4% year over year to $21.89 billion and outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $21.62 billion (see: all the Healthcare ETFs here).Innovative Medicines sales advanced 4.2%, while sales from MedTech devices jumped 4.1%. Sales of JNJ’s top-selling blood cancer treatment, Darzalex, jumped 20% to $3.2 billion, while Xarelto generated $690 million in sales, up 33% year over year. However, sales of the blockbuster psoriasis drug Stelara declined 34% to $1.6 billion due to the launch of several biosimilar versions entering the market. Invega Sustenna sales also dropped 15% to $903 million.Johnson & Johnson raised its revenue guidance for fiscal 2025 to $91.0-$91.8 billion from $89.2-$90.0 billion, indicating year-over-year growth of 2.6%-3.6% versus the prior expectation of 0.5%-1.5%. The new guidance reflects the addition of Caplyta (lumateperone) following its $14.6 billion acquisition of Intra-Cellular Therapies. The company maintained its adjusted earnings per share guidance in the range of $10.50-$10.70 due to tariff costs, dilution from the Intra-Cellular Therapies acquisition, and updated foreign exchange. JNJ revealed tariff costs of roughly $400 million this year.The drugmaker lifted its quarterly dividend to $1.30 per share from $1.24 per share, marking the 63rd year of consecutive increases. At the new rate, the annual dividend comes to $5.20 per share compared with the previous rate of $4.96 per share. iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF (IHE)iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF provides exposure to 37 companies that manufacture prescription or over-the-counter drugs or vaccines by tracking the Dow Jones U.S. Select Pharmaceuticals Index. Of these, Johnson and Johnson takes the top spot, accounting for a 24.5% share. iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF has $533.7 million in AUM and charges 39 bps in fees and expenses. Volume is good at about 135,000 shares a day. The fund has a Zacks ETF Rank #3 (Hold) with a High risk outlook.iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF (IYH)iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF offers exposure to 104 U.S. healthcare equipment and services, pharmaceuticals, and biotechnology companies by tracking the Russell 1000 Health Care RIC 22.5/45 Capped Gross Index. Johnson and Johnson is the third firm, accounting for 7.2% of the total assets. In terms of industrial exposure, pharma takes the top spot at 29.3%, followed by healthcare equipment (21.7%) and biotech (18.5%). iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF has amassed $3 billion in its asset base while charging 39 bps in annual fees. It trades in a good volume of around 384,000 shares a day and has a Zacks ETF Rank #3 with a Medium risk outlook (read: Recession Fears Looming? Secure Your Portfolio With These ETFs). First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH)First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF offers exposure to U.S. companies within the pharmaceuticals industry and tracks the Nasdaq US Smart Pharmaceuticals Index. It holds 50 securities in its basket, with JNJ occupying the top spot at 7.8% of the assets. FTXH has a lower AUM of $13.2 million and an average daily volume of 3,000 shares. First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF charges 60 bps in annual fees and has a Zacks ETF Rank #3.Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLV)Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund is the most popular healthcare ETF and follows the Health Care Select Sector Index. It holds 60 securities in its basket, with JNJ taking the third spot at 7.4% of the assets. Pharma, healthcare providers and services, and healthcare equipment & supplies take the largest share at 29.2%, 23.7% and 22%, respectively. Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund manages $35.4 billion in its asset base and trades in a heavy volume of around 12 million shares. The expense ratio comes in at 0.08%. It has a Zacks ETF Rank #1 (Strong Buy) with a Medium risk outlook (read: 5 Sector ETFs Set for Q1 Earnings Growth Amid Tariff Woes).VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF (PPH)VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF follows the MVIS US Listed Pharmaceutical 25 Index, which measures the performance of companies involved in pharmaceuticals, including pharmaceutical research and development as well as production, marketing and sales of pharmaceuticals. It holds 26 stocks in its basket, with Johnson and Johnson occupying the second position at 6.7% of assets. VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF has amassed $586 million in its asset base and trades in a good volume of about 330,000 shares a day. The expense ratio is 0.36%. VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF has a Zacks ETF Rank #3 with a Medium risk outlook. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLV): ETF Research Reports iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF (IYH): ETF Research Reports iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF (IHE): ETF Research Reports VanEck Pharmaceutical ETF (PPH): ETF Research Reports First Trust NASDAQ Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH): ETF Research Reports This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Stocks closed lower Tuesday, snapping a two-day rally as investor jitters returned to the fore. Legend Biotech (LEGN) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock suggests that there could be more strength down the road. US benchmark equity indexes were little changed intraday as companies continued to report financial We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially […] J&J faces several headwinds at the start of the year, including patent expiry, talc litigation, and, now, tariffs. We recently published a list of the 10 Best Dividend Monarchs to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other best dividend monarchs. Dividend-focused investors are generally well-acquainted with terms like Dividend Aristocrats and Dividend Kings, but many may not be […] In particular, the retail-sales reading showed a big jump in big-ticket purchases. These 10 stocks performed the best over the past 10 years. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
