Title: J&J’s psoriatic arthritis therapy trial meets endpoints
Date: 2025-04-07 11:12
URL: https://www.clinicaltrialsarena.com/news/johnson-johnson-trial/?.tsrc=rss

The trial involved biologic-naïve subjects who had not responded adequately to standard therapies. US-based pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has reported positive results from a Phase IIIb trial of its monoclonal antibody Tremfya (guselkumab) for active psoriatic arthritis (PsA). The APEX trial met both its primary and major secondary endpoints at 24 weeks in adults with active PsA. 
                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                     
                            Find out more
                            



 The double-blind, multi-centre trial showed that the fully human, dual-acting antibody was effective in decreasing the signs and symptoms of PsA against a placebo. Ensuring the integrity of pharmaceutical products is one of the most complex challenges in global healthcare today. From temperature-sensitive biologics to advanced cell and gene therapies (CGTs), the pharmaceutical supply chain must be carefully managed to maintain compliance, ensure efficacy,… Tremfya has shown results in slowing structural damage in subjects as measured by the PsA-modified van der Heijde-Sharp (vdH-S) score, which includes joint space narrowing and erosion subscores. The drug inhibits interleukin-23 (IL-23) and attaches to cluster of differentiation 64 (CD64). The APEX trial has enrolled subjects who are biologic-naïve and had not responded adequately to standard therapies. The study’s treatment phase includes a 24-week double-blind period, followed by 24 weeks of active treatment and an additional 12-week safety follow-up. Subjects who are set to enter the long-term extension will be scheduled for an additional period of two years of active treatment before the follow-up of final safety. The World Health Organization has called obesity “one of today’s most blatantly visible – yet most neglected – public health problems”, describing the situation as “an escalating global epidemic of overweight and obesity”. Epidemiology data from GlobalData supports the growing… Data from the trial were found to be consistent with the antibody’s established safety profile, with no safety signals observed. PsA is a condition that leads to stiffness, pain and swelling in and around the joints. J&J innovative medicine vice-president and rheumatology disease area leader Terence Rooney said: “These new topline data highlight the importance of addressing both inflammation and structural damage at the source as early as possible. “As the only IL-23 treatment to show significant inhibition of structural damage, Tremfya equips healthcare providers with critical data so their patients do not have to compromise their future joint health.” In May 2024, J&J reported that Tremfya outperformed Stelara on all endoscopic endpoints in a Phase II/III trial for Crohn’s disease. A new survey from GlobalData aims to gain insights into deploying new technology in clinical research.    
                The gold standard of business intelligence.
             

                    Find out more
                    



 Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.  





 



Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 

 View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network. 
		Hard data and deep insights on clinical trials strategy & operations 
				Powered by
				
 © Verdict Media Limited 2025 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. 