Title: Johnson & Johnson's New 'Compelling Data' Shows Sustained Symptom Improvement In Muscular Disease Patients
Date: 2025-04-08 18:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnsons-compelling-data-shows-182632656.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) on Tuesday announced results from additional analyses of the Phase 3 Vivacity-MG3 study and the ongoing open-label extension (OLE), evaluating the long-term efficacy and safety of nipocalimab in a broad population of antibody-positive adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). Patients treated with nipocalimab plus standard of care (SOC) maintained improvements in their MG-ADL (activities of daily living) and QMG (quantifies disease severity) scores over 84 weeks with sustained reductions in total immunoglobulin G (IgG). Nipocalimab demonstrated a mean change in MG-ADL of -5.64 (p<0.001) after 60 weeks in the OLE for study participants receiving nipocalimab and SOC, and -6.01 (p<0.001) mean change for study participants who transitioned from placebo and SOC to nipocalimab and SOC. Also Read: Johnson & Johnson’s Tremfya Shows Efficacy In Late-Stage Psoriatic Arthritis Study In the antibody-positive population, 45% of patients receiving steroids at the OLE baseline were able to decrease or discontinue steroids at the time of this data cut by more than half of the baseline dose. Among these patients, the mean dose of prednisone decreased from 23 to 10 mg daily. Nipocalimab had a consistent and tolerable safety profile throughout the OLE phase. Additional findings from the Phase 3 Vivacity-MG3 study indicate that patients treated with nipocalimab plus SOC achieved statistically significant improvements in their QMG score by -4.9 versus placebo plus SOC (p<0.001) over weeks 22 and 24. Patients in the nipocalimab plus SOC treatment group were four times more likely to sustain symptom improvement at 20 weeks than the placebo plus SOC group, as measured by a three- or greater-point improvement on the QMG score. Results show significantly more patients treated with nipocalimab (36.4%) versus placebo (10.5%, p<0.001) spent greater than 75% of the study duration, demonstrating improvements in the QMG score. A reduction of more than three points in the QMG score indicates a decrease in the severity of the patient’s symptoms due to improvements in muscle strength, allowing patients to carry out important daily activities such as swallowing and chewing. Price Action: JNJ stock is down 0.21% at $150.31 at the last check on Tuesday. Read Next: Amazon Touts AI Milestone, Says New Model Outshines GPT-4o In Real-Time Speech Image via Shutterstock UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK. Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? JOHNSON & JOHNSON (JNJ): Free Stock Analysis Report This article Johnson & Johnson's New 'Compelling Data' Shows Sustained Symptom Improvement In Muscular Disease Patients originally appeared on Benzinga.com © 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. A simple tweet from a 22-year-old asking, “What do we do during a recession exactly?” turned into a viral thread with millions of views and thousands of replies. What followed was a flood of responses ranging from practical advice to straight-up jokes and political rants. Cut Spending First, Ask Questions Later At my 22 years of age.What do we do during a recession exactly ? — Winter (@GothicPolitics) April 3, 2025 Don't Miss: Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm — invest pre-I The approval follows October 2024's indication extension for daratumumab-VRd for newly diagnosed patients eligible for ASCT. The company has decided to switch gears following disappointing data for a monoclonal antibody targeting a rare maternal blood disorder. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Got These 10 Stocks All Wrong. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Block Inc. (NYSE:XYZ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed 1 year ago. On Tuesday, April 1 , the host of Mad Money opened the show by focusing on […] Leadership shakeup at pharmacy retailer includes finance and healthcare appointments amid ongoing turnaround efforts Here, we pick three railroad stocks, Union Pacific, Canadian National and Norfolk Southern, which have a solid five-year dividend growth history. We recently published a list of the 10 Best Clean Energy Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Clearway Energy, Inc. (NYSE:CWEN) stands against other top clean energy stocks according to billionaires. The current overall bearish trend has also dealt a massive blow to […] We recently published a list of 10 Best Long Term Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Insmed Incorporated (NASDAQ:INSM) stands against other best long term growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. As per Barclays, the US administration announced numerous executive orders with […] We recently published a list of 10 Defense Stocks with the Highest EPS Growth in 5 Years. In this article, we will take a look at where Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) stands against other stocks with the highest EPS growth during this period. The world has been embroiled in deadly political and armed conflict over […] When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
