Title: Magnificent Seven Stocks: Nvidia Slides, Tesla Rallies
Date: 2025-05-08 15:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4205eaa9-f620-3a0b-a81a-0e82c7c9fd0b/magnificent-seven-stocks%3A.html?.tsrc=rss

Nvidia reversed lower, while Tesla rallied on the stock market today. Google bounced after Wednesday's plunge. TSLA China sales plunge in April, defying the surge seen by local EV rivals, further reinforcing its losing dominance in the world's top EV market. BEIJING (Reuters) -Chinese authorities announced on Wednesday a raft of stimulus measures, including interest rate cuts and a major liquidity injection, as Beijing steps up efforts to soften the economic damage caused by the trade war with the United States.  The announcements come shortly after U.S. and Chinese officials said Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent and chief trade negotiator Jamieson Greer will meet China's top economic official He Lifeng in Switzerland this weekend for talks.  The talks are the first opportunity for the two sides to de-escalate tensions after a protracted cat-and-mouse game over tariffs in which neither wanted to be seen as backing down. It was Alphabet stock, not trade talk, that sent the Nasdaq Composite lower on Wednesday. Shares of the Google parent company sank 5.6% around 10:45 a.m. ET, coinciding with a turn lower for the S&P and Nasdaq. Boeing stock and the aerospace and defense industry have been taking off in the current stock market, but Lockheed and Northrop underperform. President Donald Trump announced a trade deal with Britain, which will be buying $10 billion of aircraft from the company. We came across a bullish thesis on AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ABBV. AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)’s share was trading at $198.47 as of May 2nd. ABBV’s trailing and forward P/E were 84.82 and 16.34 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. AbbVie (ABBV) delivered a strong […] A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around? Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.