Title: 3 S&P 500 Stocks That Stand Out
Date: 2025-05-08 04:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-p-500-stocks-stand-043149696.html?.tsrc=rss

The biggest companies in the world call the S&P 500 (^GSPC) home, but only a handful are still growing rapidly. Some of these industry leaders are executing exceptionally well and rewarding shareholders. Not every big company is a great investment, and we’re here to help you find the best opportunities. That said, here are three S&P 500 stocks leading the market forward. Market Cap: $1.50 trillion Famously founded by Mark Zuckerberg in his Harvard dorm, Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) operates a collection of the largest social networks in the world - Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger, along with its metaverse focused Reality Labs. Why Is META a Top Pick? 13.3% annual increases in its average revenue per user over the last two years show its platform is resonating with power users Excellent EBITDA margin of 59.9% highlights the efficiency of its business model, and its operating leverage amplified its profits over the last few years META is a free cash flow machine with the flexibility to invest in growth initiatives or return capital to shareholders Meta is trading at $597.70 per share, or 13.5x forward EV/EBITDA. Is now the right time to buy?See for yourself in our in-depth research report, it’s free. Market Cap: $491.7 billion Launched by Reed Hastings as a DVD mail rental company until its famous pivot to streaming in 2007, Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX) is a pioneering streaming content platform. Why Will NFLX Beat the Market? Global Streaming Paid Memberships are rising, meaning the company can increase revenue without incurring additional customer acquisition costs if it can cross-sell additional products and features Highly efficient business model is illustrated by its impressive 27% EBITDA margin, and its profits increased over the last few years as it scaled Free cash flow margin increased by 18.6 percentage points over the last few years, giving the company more capital to invest or return to shareholders At $1,158 per share, Netflix trades at 35.7x forward EV/EBITDA. Is now the time to initiate a position?Find out in our full research report, it’s free. Market Cap: $273 billion Founded in 1847, Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM) manufactures and sells a wide range of tobacco and nicotine-containing products, including cigarettes, heated tobacco products, and oral nicotine pouches. Why Are We Backing PM? Products are seeing elevated demand as its unit sales averaged 3% growth over the past two years Differentiated product offerings are difficult to replicate at scale and lead to a best-in-class gross margin of 64.8% Strong free cash flow margin of 25.7% enables it to reinvest or return capital consistently, and its recently improved profitability means it has even more resources to invest or distribute Philip Morris’s stock price of $175.49 implies a valuation ratio of 23.4x forward P/E. Is now a good time to buy?See for yourself in our full research report, it’s free. Market indices reached historic highs following Donald Trump’s presidential victory in November 2024, but the outlook for 2025 is clouded by new trade policies that could impact business confidence and growth. While this has caused many investors to adopt a "fearful" wait-and-see approach, we’re leaning into our best ideas that can grow regardless of the political or macroeconomic climate. Take advantage of Mr. Market by checking out ourTop 5 Growth Stocks for this month. This is a curated list of ourHigh Qualitystocks that have generated a market-beating return of 175% over the last five years. Stocks that made our list in 2019 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+2,183% between December 2019 and December 2024) as well as under-the-radar businesses like Comfort Systems (+751% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free. Disney’s share price jumped Wednesday morning after the entertainment giant posted surprisingly strong quarterly results.  Domestic parks operating income of $1.8 billion was 10% ahead of expectations, according to consensus estimates from Visible Alpha.  Investors had worried about Disney’s exposure to the wide swath of tariffs unveiled by President Trump last month. Let's find out which cybersecurity stock between Zscaler and Palo Alto Networks is a better bet. Netflix’s (NFLX) upcoming launch of multiple, new high-tech features will be significantly positive for NFLX, BMO Capital wrote in a note to investors today. The bank kept a $1,200 price target and an Outperform rating on the name. BMO’s Take on NFLX’s Initiatives NFLX will start utilizing AI to help its users find content while […] The new interface aims to better adapt to your mood. Uber (UBER) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 62.75% and 0.61%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? After President Donald Trump suggested levying a 100% tariff on movies and shows made outside America, Citi stated that Netflix (NFLX) has a means of reducing the negative impact of such duties on its financial results. However, the bank, which kept a Neutral rating on the name, warned that the potential tariffs could lower NFLX’s […] News of the day for May 8, 2025 Microsoft is generating $13 billion in annual revenue from its AI-related products and services.  The company's diverse operations, however, make it a relatively safe AI stock to own.  While other tech stocks have struggled this year, Microsoft has generated positive returns for its shareholders. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […] The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...