Why ConocoPhillips, Chevron, and Cheniere Energy Stocks All Dropped Today
2025-04-30 16-54
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/30/conocophillips-chevron-cheniere-stocks-all-drop/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
When in doubt, buy the cheapest energy stock, with the best dividend, and the best growth rate you can find.
A weak report on the U.S. economy sparked a sell-off in stocks this morning. U.S. GDP declined at an annualized 0.3% in Q1 2025. Since economists had been forecasting 0.4% GDP growth, this came as something of a disappointment.
Green energy efforts notwithstanding, the U.S. economy still largely runs on oil, and worries about a slowdown are weighing on oil and gas stocks as a result. OilPrice.com reports WTI crude oil prices are down 1.4% today to about $59.50 per barrel. Brent crude is likewise down about 1.4% at about $63.30.
ConocoPhillips (COP 1.77%) stock was down 2% at the 11:30 a.m. ET mark, while Chevron (CVX 0.12%) was down 2.2%. Liquefied natural gas exporter Cheniere Energy (LNG -0.20%) was taking it even more on the chin with a 3.6% loss before noon. 
Should oil and gas stock investors be reacting this harshly to GDP worries, though? That depends. The U.S. Energy Information Administration notes that crude inventories in the U.S. shrank by 2.7 million barrels over the past week, seemingly contradicting yesterday's report from the American Petroleum Institute that inventories were up.
Logically, rising inventories (rising supply) should mean falling prices. However, falling inventories (less supply), given constant demand, should mean that oil prices will rise. Given the conflicting reports on supply, investors today seem to be looking to the GDP report as a tie-breaker, and assuming that if the economy is shrinking, so too will demand for oil, weakening prices in the future no matter what's going on with supply today. 
At the same time, the situation with investors' feelings about Cheniere is much easier to explain. This morning, Wolfe Research downgraded Cheniere stock to "peer perform" (i.e. hold) on worries that the company's competitors are expanding supplies of LNG, putting "downward pressure on returns on growth projects," according to a report by TheFly.com.  The combination of generalized energy market worries, plus a downgrade specific to Cheniere, explains why this particular stock is responding worse than most.
So how should an individual investor parse all of the above? Oil and gas is a famously cyclical industry in which undersupply and high prices lead to overinvestment to capture the excess profits, which in turn leads to oversupply and low prices, which causes investment to get cut back until prices revive. This happens over and over.
As such, if you want to make money in oil and gas stocks, you must think long term.
In the case of the three stocks I'm looking at today:
This decision is easy. Chevron stock looks like the closest thing to a bargain at a total return ratio of just over 1.0. Conoco looks cheaper than Chevron based solely on its P/E ratio, but neither its dividend nor its growth rate measure up to its rival.
And Cheniere looks just plain unattractive to me, full stop. Twist my arm and ask me to choose between just these three energy stocks, therefore, and I'd have to go with Chevron.

 

Before you buy stock in Chevron, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Chevron wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $610,327!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $667,581!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025


Rich Smith has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Cheniere Energy and Chevron. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/01/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.