Exxon Mobil, Chevron To Report As Oil Prices Slide. Are Buyback Cuts On The Table_
2025-05-01 20-03
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/746c1bef-d80a-3793-a3f2-e7c4508a1996/exxon-mobil%2C-chevron-to.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil and Chevron report first-quarter earnings and revenue early Friday. Investors await to see if falling oil prices will impact buybacks.
SHEL topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings in three of the last four quarters and missed in the other.
HOUSTON (Reuters) -The International Chamber of Commerce has scheduled a hearing in Exxon Mobil's arbitration dispute over rival Chevron's planned acquisition of oil producer Hess for May 26, according to two sources familiar with the matter.  It has delayed Chevron's $53-billion deal to buy Hess, which was announced nearly 18 months ago.
The company's net operating income declined to $276m for Q1 2025 from $709m in Q1 2024.
Bitcoin surges to $97K. Strategy misses Q1 estimates. SoFi, Morgan Stanley, Coinbase, and more push into crypto banking.
OPENLANE (KAR) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
We recently published a list of 11 Best Buy-the-Dip Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Flowers Foods, Inc. (NYSE:FLO) stands against other best buy-the-dip stocks to buy now. As volatility rises, AllianceBernstein believes that staying invested remains a strategic priority to capture the long-term return potential in […]
When in doubt, buy the cheapest energy stock, with the best dividend, and the best growth rate you can find.
Howmet Aerospace cleared first-quarter earnings estimates early Thursday and raised its full-year outlook, assuaging concerns over Trump tariffs.  HWM stock, among the top S&P 500 performers in morning stock market action, flew past a buy point.  Howmet posted Q1 adjusted earnings per share of 86 cents, up 51% from a year ago and nine cents above estimates.
Exxon  Mobil will report earnings on Friday morning amid an oil downturn that has taken the price of crude to its lowest level in about four years.  The big question is whether the price drop will cause the company to slow its stock buybacks or its production growth—or if the company plans to push ahead regardless.  Analysts expect Exxon to report $1.75 in earnings per share for the quarter, down from $2.06 last year.
ExxonMobil stock has tripled investors' money in five years. Can it do it again?