3 Brilliant High-Yield Stocks to Buy Now and Hold for the Long Term
2025-04-30 22-05
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/30/3-brilliant-high-yield-stocks-to-buy-now-and-hold/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
If you are a dividend investor looking for high yields today, you may want to consider companies that provide energy in some form. Modern society can't exist without reliable sources of energy and, thus, energy companies are providing a basic necessity. That said, there are different ways to go about investing in high-yield energy-related stocks. Here are three options that have reliable histories of increasing their dividends.
Black Hills (BKH -0.16%) provides electricity and natural gas to roughly 1.35 million customers in parts of Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, South Dakota, and Wyoming. It has a 4.5% dividend yield and has increased its dividend annually for a huge 55 consecutive years. Not only is that yield above the utility average of around 2.9%, but Black Hills is one of the few utilities to have achieved Dividend King status.
If that backdrop isn't enough to entice you to buy Black Hills, then consider some other facts. The utility's customer growth is expanding at nearly three times the rate of U.S. population growth. It has a $4.7 billion capital investment budget to help support reliable access to power for its growing customer base. And management expects earnings to increase by around 4% to 6% year over year for the foreseeable future. The dividend should trail higher along with earnings, as it has done for years. Power to the people and a reliable, high-yield dividend stock for you.
If you aren't in the mood for a utility stock and, instead, want an oil stock, Chevron (CVX 0.12%) has you covered. The integrated energy giant has an attractive 4.9% yield and has increased its dividend annually for 38 consecutive years. Oil is a highly volatile commodity, so that dividend streak is quite impressive. Meanwhile, the average energy stock has a yield of just 3.1% or so.
Chevron has managed to provide a reliable income stream despite the wide swings in oil prices because of its business model. First, it has exposure to the upstream (drilling), midstream (pipelines), and downstream (chemicals and refining). It also has a globally diversified portfolio. Both help the company soften the industry's swings, since different parts of the industry and different global regions have different energy dynamics. Second, Chevron has long used its rock-solid balance sheet as a tool to support its business and dividend through downturns. The energy giant's debt-to-equity ratio was a very low 0.15% or so at the end of 2024, so there is plenty of room to take on debt no matter what happens to oil prices.
If being exposed to oil prices is too much for you, then consider Enterprise Products Partners (EPD -0.22%). This master limited partnership (MLP) operates one of the largest midstream businesses in North America. It owns the pipelines, storage, processing, and transportation assets that help move oil and natural gas around the world. It largely charges fees for the use of its network, so the price of oil and gas is less important than demand for oil and gas. Demand for energy, because it is so vital, tends to be high even during energy downturns.
Enterprise's distribution yield is a huge 6.8%. The distribution has been increased annually for 26 consecutive years. The yield is likely to make up the lion's share of an investor's return here, but the MLP has a $7.6 billion capital investment plan in the works that should keep the distribution growing. Meanwhile, distributable cash flow covered the distribution by 1.7 times in 2024, leaving ample room for adversity before a distribution cut would be in the cards. If you are trying to maximize the income your portfolio generates, Enterprise Products Partners could be the energy option for you.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
If you are a dividend investor, yield will be a key factor in your stock research process. Black Hills, Chevron, and Enterprise all offer above-average yields. But don't stop with yield; the business backing the dividend is just as important. Black Hills, Chevron, and Enterprise all stand out on that front, too, highlighted by their long histories of annual dividend increases.

 

Before you buy stock in Chevron, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Chevron wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $610,327!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $667,581!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025


Reuben Gregg Brewer has positions in Black Hills. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chevron. The Motley Fool recommends Enterprise Products Partners. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.