BP's Q1 Earnings & Revenues Miss Estimates on Weak Refining
2025-04-29 13-04
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bps-q1-earnings-revenues-miss-130400975.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
BP plc BP reported first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings of 53 cents per American Depositary Share on a replacement-cost basis, excluding non-operating items. The figure lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 56 cents. The bottom line also declined from the year-ago reported figure of 97 cents.
Total quarterly revenues of $47.9 billion lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $57.2 billion and declined from $49.9 billion reported a year ago.
The weak quarterly results can be primarily attributed to lower liquid price realizations and weaker refining margins. Lower contributions from the company's customers and products business also affected the results.
Oil Production & Operations
For the first quarter, BP reported a total production of 1,475 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboe/d), up from 1,463 MBoe/d recorded in the year-ago quarter. The metric beat our estimate of 1,461.5 MBoe/d.
BP sold liquids at $67.50 per barrel in the first quarter, down from $70.53 reported a year ago. The company sold natural gas at $4.74 per thousand cubic feet, up from $2.66 reported in the year-ago quarter. Overall, hydrocarbon price realization increased year over year to $56.45 per Boe from $54.11.
After adjusting for non-operating items, underlying replacement cost earnings before interest and tax for the segment amounted to $2.9 billion. The figure was below the $3.1 billion recorded in the year-ago quarter. However, it surpassed our estimate of $2.5 billion. The segment was affected by lower price realizations for liquids. However, this was partially offset by increased production volumes.
Gas & Low Carbon Energy
Segmental profits totaled $997 million, lower than the $1,658 million registered in the year-ago quarter. The segment was hurt by disappointing trading performance and the effects of asset divestments in Egypt and Trinidad. The figure missed our projection of $1.65 billion.
Total production of 764 MBoe/d declined from 914 MBoe/d in the year-ago quarter.
Customers & Products
After adjusting for non-operating items, underlying replacement cost earnings before interest and tax for the segment were reported at $677 million, significantly down from $1,289 million in the year-ago quarter. The figure, however, beat our projection of a profit of $550.5 million. The segment was primarily affected by lower refining margins, which were offset partially by favorable contributions from its customers' business.
BP-operated refining availability in the March-ended quarter was 96.2%, marking an increase from 90.4% in the year-ago quarter.
Total refinery throughputs were 1,496 thousand barrels per day (MBbl/D), up from 1,355 MBbl/D in the corresponding period of 2024.
Organic capital expenditure in the reported quarter totaled $3.4 billion. The company registered a total capital spending of $3.6 billion for the quarter.
BP's net debt was $27 billion at the end of the first quarter. Also, the firm announced a gearing of 25.7% in the reported quarter.
BP, carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), stated that its upstream production on a reported basis for the second quarter of 2025 would be flat sequentially.  For 2025, the company expects both reported and underlying upstream production to remain lower than the prior-year figures. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Two other major energy players, Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM and Chevron Corporation CVX, are yet to report first-quarter 2025 results. Both ExxonMobil and Chevron are integrated energy players like BP.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter earnings for XOM is pegged at $1.72 per share, while the same for CVX stands at $2.30.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was inspired by […]
Schlumberger (SLB) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects.
The acquisition of Pioneer Natural boosts XOM's production capabilities in the Permian Basin due to its exceptionally low production costs.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Here are the essential steps for stock traders to get from start to finish.