Chevron’s Buyback Strategy at Center Stage as It Prepares to Report Earnings
2025-05-01 20-46
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/dd8a19a8-ea9e-31f3-8a01-f074de927843/chevron%E2%80%99s-buyback-strategy-at.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Chevron can weather the storm, assuming prices don’t fall much lower, but it may have to cut its share-repurchase plan. Buybacks will likely be the biggest question on the oil company’s first-quarter earnings call. Analysts expect Chevron to report $2.16 of earnings per share, down from $2.93 a year ago.
Big Tech is coming to Wall Street’s rescue, for now. But the Magnificent Seven aren’t cheap. Look for better bargains elsewhere.
Two energy heavyweights - Exxon Mobil (XOM) and Chevron (CVX) - are on the reporting docket this week, continuing a hectic week of earnings overall.
Exxon Mobil and Chevron report first-quarter earnings and revenue early Friday. Investors await to see if falling oil prices will impact buybacks.
Supermicro's stock was boosted by earnings reports from two major tech companies that show AI spending is still going strong.  The company's own preliminary numbers released ahead of the May 6s earnings call paint a troubling picture.  Shares of Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ: SMCI) are rising on Thursday.
Black Hills has a 4.5% yield and is a Dividend King.  Chevron is offering a 4.9% yield with 38 annual dividend hikes behind it.  Enterprise Products Partners has a 6.8% yield backed by 26 annual distribution increases.
An investigation found that Ashley Buchanan violated the retailer’s code of conduct by entering into a ‘highly unusual’ business deal involving Chandra Holt, the former CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.