ExxonMobil's Q1 Earnings on Deck_ Should You Stay Invested or Exit_
2025-04-30 12-45
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxonmobils-q1-earnings-deck-stay-124500454.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM is set to report first-quarter 2025 results on May 2, before the opening bell.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter earnings is pegged at $1.72 per share, implying a decline of 16.5% from the year-ago reported number.  It witnessed one downward estimate movement versus four upward revisions in the past 30 days. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter revenues is currently pegged at $84.5 billion, suggesting a 1.7% uptick from the year-ago actuals.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
XOM beat the consensus estimate for earnings in three of the trailing four quarters and missed the same once, with the average surprise being 1.8%. This is depicted in the graph below:
Our proven model predicts an earnings beat for XOM this time around. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy), or 3 (Hold) increases the chances of an earnings beat. That is the case here.
The leading integrated energy player has an Earnings ESP of +1.62%. XOM currently carries a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
XOM reported in a Form 8-K that it expects its upstream earnings for the March quarter to increase sequentially by as much as $800 million. The company attributed the improvement to advantageous oil and gas prices. This projection seems reasonable, given that crude oil prices were handsome in the first quarter of 2025. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration (“EIA”), the monthly average WTI spot prices for January, February and March 2025 were $75.74, $71.53, and $68.24 per barrel, significantly higher than break-even oil prices in the shale plays.
Moreover, ExxonMobil expects its Energy Products business unit to witness a sequential improvement of $300-$700 million owing to the changes in industry margins.
XOM's stock has slipped 3.4% over the past year compared with the industry’s fall of 9.1%. BP plc BP, another integrated energy major, has plummeted 22.3% over the same time frame, while Chevron Corporation CVX, in the same space, has fallen 9%.
One-Year Price Chart
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Since the prices of BP, Chevron and the broader industry have declined more than ExxonMobil, XOM now appears relatively overvalued. The company's current trailing 12-month enterprise value/earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EV/EBITDA) ratio is 6.76, reflecting that it is trading at a premium compared to the industry average of 4.02.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The acquisition of Pioneer Natural Resources boosts ExxonMobil's production capabilities in the Permian Basin, one of the most profitable regions in the United States due to its exceptionally low production costs. The integrated energy major also has a strong pipeline of projects encompassing offshore Guyana assets, also known for low-cost structures.
XOM is well known for better utilization of invested funds and has a strong balance sheet. Hence, the energy major can rely on its solid financials to sail through an unfavorable business environment. Also, investing in alternative energy, such as carbon capture and lithium battery technology, offers potential growth opportunities for ExxonMobil. However, these projects require substantial capital and carry uncertain returns in the short term. Moreover, the company’s business is highly exposed to volatile oil and natural gas prices.
Like XOM, Chevron will also report first-quarter 2025 earnings on May 2. CVX currently has an Earnings ESP of -5.51% and a Zacks Rank of 3. (Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.)
Chevron's earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in two of the trailing four quarters, and missed the same twice, with the average negative surprise being 3.15%.
BP, on the other hand, has already reported results. BP announced first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings of 53 cents per American Depositary Share on a replacement-cost basis, excluding non-operating items. The figure lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 56 cents. The bottom line also declined from the year-ago reported figure of 97 cents.
Total quarterly revenues of $47.9 billion lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $57.2 billion and declined from $49.9 billion reported a year ago. For more details, see: BP's Q1 Earnings & Revenues Miss Estimates on Weak Refining.
Considering the backdrop, it might be wise for investors to wait for a more favorable entry point, as the company is currently somewhat overvalued. Those who own XOM stock may hold on to it to benefit from its long-term growth prospects.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Exxon  Mobil will report earnings on Friday morning amid an oil downturn that has taken the price of crude to its lowest level in about four years.  The big question is whether the price drop will cause the company to slow its stock buybacks or its production growth—or if the company plans to push ahead regardless.  Analysts expect Exxon to report $1.75 in earnings per share for the quarter, down from $2.06 last year.
Allstate (ALL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 56.19% and 1.91%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.