Last Chevron-chartered vessel starts to return oil cargo in Venezuela, data and source say
2025-05-01 19-48
https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/last-chevron-chartered-vessel-starts-194852732.html?.tsrc=rss
HOUSTON (Reuters) -A vessel chartered by Chevron carrying some 300,000 barrels of Venezuelan oil was set to start discharging at a Venezuelan port on Thursday, according to shipping data and a source.
It would be the last tanker to return its cargo following state company PDVSA's order to return the crude amid payment uncertainty related to U.S. sanctions.
The Marshall Islands-flagged vessel, Dubai Attraction, on Thursday entered a berth in Amuay terminal, Venezuela, to start discharging the cargo it originally intended to export, LSEG shipping data showed.
Chevron and PDVSA did not immediately reply to requests for comment.
Venezuela's Vice President Delcy Rodriguez, who is also the OPEC country's oil minister, has blamed the U.S. measures for the issue, saying they prevented Chevron from paying for the oil.
Venezuela's oil exports fell almost 20% in April to 700,000 barrels per day, the lowest in nine months, due to the cargo cancellations. Chevron's exports of Venezuelan crude to the U.S. plummeted 69% to some 66,000 bpd due to PDVSA's measures.
Some tankers Chevron had chartered to move crude from Venezuela to the U.S. were marketed for spot contracts elsewhere, sources said last week. This signaled that Chevron does not expect to load all the cargoes it typically ships from Venezuela even if it eventually finds a way to resolve the disagreement with PDVSA.
In March, President Donald Trump's administration revoked a license issued in 2022 by the U.S. Treasury Department for Chevron to operate in Venezuela. The May deadline was granted to wind down operations and oil exports.
The same deadline was granted to other partners of PDVSA, including Eni, Repsol, Maurel & Prom and Reliance Industries, to wind down oil cargoes bound for Europe and Asia.
Tankers chartered by trading house Vitol were loading and discharging normally at Venezuelan ports, according to the data and documents, while vessels chartered by Reliance Industries for India delivery and Maurel & Prom for Europe departed on schedule last week, ahead of the May 27 deadline to wind down cargoes and operations.
(Reporting by Arathy Somasekhar in Houston; Editing by Chris Reese and David Gregorio)
TD Bank Group ("TD" or the "Bank") will release its second-quarter financial results and host an earnings conference call on Thursday, May 22, 2025.
Brent crude futures rose 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $62.51 a barrel by 0136 GMT, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures added 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $59.62 a barrel.  China's commerce ministry on Friday said the United States has recently taken steps to open a dialogue with Beijing by conveying information through relevant parties.  Concerns that the broader trade war could push the global economy into a recession and crimp oil demand, just as the OPEC+ group is preparing to raise output, have weighed heavily on oil prices in recent weeks.
HOUSTON (Reuters) -Oil prices settled nearly 2% higher on Thursday after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened secondary sanctions on Iran after a fourth round of U.S.-Iran talks was postponed.  Trump said all purchases of Iranian oil or petrochemical products must stop and any country or person buying any from the country would be immediately subject to secondary sanctions.  "If the Trump administration is successful in enforcing secondary sanctions on the purchase of Iranian oil that could lead to a reduction in supply of about a million and a half, barrels per day," said Andrew Lipow, president of Lipow Oil Associates.
OTTAWA — Despite U.S. President Donald Trump's repeated claim that Canada has been ripping off the United States, new polling suggests the percentage of Americans identifying Canada as their country's most important ally has doubled.
KYIV, Ukraine (AP) — After months of tense negotiations, the U.S. and Ukraine signed a deal that is expected to give Washington access to the country’s critical minerals and other natural resources, an agreement Kyiv hopes will secure long-term support for its defense against Russia.
Investing.com -- Tool maker Stanley Black & Decker Inc (NYSE:SWK) said Wednesday that because of the U.S. tariffs, it raised prices in the “high-single digits” in April and will raise them further at the start of the third quarter. The company also stated it will be moving its supply chains from China to Mexico.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump signed executive orders Tuesday to relax some of his 25% tariffs on automobiles and auto parts, a significant reversal as the import taxes threatened to hurt domestic manufacturers.
PANHANDLE, Texas (AP) — The truck driver is cutting his lawn on a windy afternoon, in a town so quiet you can take afternoon walks down the middle of Main Street.
WASHINGTON — U.S. Customs and Border Protection guidance released on Thursday said automobile parts compliant with the Canada-U.S.-Mexico Agreement on trade will not be hit with President Donald Trump's tariffs.
Sure, you can grab a dividend stock. But what about one that pays out monthly? The post A 9.9% Dividend Stock Paying Cash Every Single Month appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.