Title: Exclusive-Venezuela's PDVSA suspends oil loading authorizations to Chevron, sources say
Date: 2025-04-10 23:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exclusive-venezuelas-pdvsa-suspends-oil-233002764.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. By Arathy Somasekhar HOUSTON (Reuters) -Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA has canceled several authorizations it had granted U.S.-based producer Chevron to load and export Venezuelan crude in April, three sources with knowledge of the decision said on Thursday. The cancellations follow U.S. President Donald Trump's imposition of tariffs on Venezuela's oil buyers. The suspensions also comes after Washington canceled key licenses last month to a handful of PDVSA partners and customers, including Chevron, that had allowed them to operate and export Venezuelan oil under exemptions to the U.S. sanctions on the South American country. The U.S. Treasury Department gave the companies until May 27 to wind down operations and complete purchases. Chevron was exporting about 250,000 barrels per day (bpd) of Venezuelan crude to the U.S. under its license. In early April, Washington imposed a 25% tariff on buyers of Venezuelan crude and gas, a measure experts said could hurt China the most. Two of the cargo cancellations by PDVSA involve tankers that had already loaded, so the oil would have to be returned to ports, while a third had not loaded, one of the sources said. PDVSA and Chevron did not immediately reply to requests for comment. It was not immediately clear if the cargoes would be rescheduled. The government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Thursday again rejected the U.S. measures. Officials have said they amount to an "economic war". The tariffs on Venezuela's oil buyers earlier this month prompted the temporary suspension of some cargo loadings, particularly those bound for China, which is the largest recipient of Venezuela's oil. But the loadings were resuming this week. Chevron, whose exports of Venezuelan crude were not affected by the tariffs because of its license, had not been impacted by the measures until now, according to the sources and shipping data showing tanker movements. (Reporting by Arathy Somasekhar; Editing by Sandra Maler and Christian Schmollinger) Weʼre unable to load stories right now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.