Title: What falling oil prices mean for the economy
Date: 2025-04-11 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/falling-oil-prices-mean-economy-100040789.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Oil prices (CL=F, BZ=F) are down double digits since the start of 2025 as US President Trump's trade war fuels worries about the global economy. Tortoise senior portfolio manager and managing director Rob Thummel sits down with Madison Mills and Wolfe Research chief economist Stephanie Roth to examine the oil market and what it signals about the global economy. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here. Oil prices resuming declines after a brief rally on Wednesday as investors worry about the fallout from trade tensions between the US and China. Prices are down roughly 8% since the start of the month. So here to discuss the recent declines and where we're heading in the energy market, Rob Thummel, he is Tortoise's senior portfolio manager and managing director. Rob, great to have you here. These tariffs and the 90-day pause, the 125% on China. Where does that tell you the energy market is heading next? Yeah, so the US and China are the largest consumers of oil in the world. And so obviously tariffs would imply that we potentially will have an economic slowdown. How severe it is, well we're going to find out. But, but oil prices and oil demand and GDP growth really go hand in hand. So if there's a slowdown in the economy there'll be a slowdown in oil consumption. So, oil prices are indicating clearly we're going to have a slowdown in consumption. And maybe the oil markets might be oversupplied at the current time. So that, that's kind of where we're headed right now. What do you think about the argument that people are making that, well, now oil prices are down that's going to boost the consumer and this is an offset to tariffs? That, you know, the solution to low prices as you said Stephanie, is low prices. And that's exactly what's happening, right? So that, that, that will be an offset. It takes a little while but that, that is the positive of all this low oil prices as consumers, gasoline prices are lower. Some other, uh, oil is a commodity that's used in a lot of consumer goods. Those consumer goods will be a little lower price potentially because of, of oil prices. So, so yeah, that will boost demand down the road. And it's a good question. It always offsets. It just has to be what's, what's the degree? What's the severity of the decline? And this is what Treasury Secretary Scott Beson wanted was these low energy prices and low yields on the 10-year in particular. But Rob, is there a point where the pain tips over into being a negative? Well it does for the producers, right? And, and you can, so, so you know the oil price a lot of people look at the oil price as kind of an indicator of the global economy or what's going to happen in, in the future in the global economy. With oil prices so low, I think a lot of people feel like oh my gosh, we're, there's an impending recession or something we're going to approach that. Definitely slower economic growth. Oil and gas producers though, are the ones who get hurt the most because they have commodity price exposure, right? Their cash flows are tied to what the commodity price exposure is. So lower oil prices mean lower revenues, lower earnings, lower cash flow for these companies. And so that's why you're going to hear a lot of them here in these first quarter calls, probably reassess how much money they're going to invest in oil and gas drilling for this year and definitely probably next year because of the, the current low, low oil price environment. How do you think about that relative to the administration's goal of boosting production? Are they going to actually be able to achieve that? Yeah. Well the good news is, is oil and gas production is still up. Um, and, and will probably still rise again this year. Maybe not just as much as everybody thinks. I think about the administration's uh, goal a little, a little bit differently. Um, and, and that the goal is to keep prices low. Now we can debate what our low prices. I think 50, $60 oil is, is a low price. What the administration wants is, I think, doesn't want oil prices going 80, 90, $100. While the US oil and gas industry has ample capacity to ramp up drilling capacity and expand production even more if prices go much higher. When they get below 60 though, I think the industry will be, maybe a little bit at odds with the administration. But that's where the industry thinks the prices are quote low. And how does this play out in terms of countries that are allies of the U.S. banning together with countries that are typically on a little bit more of a strained relationship with the United States? How does that dynamic impact the oil market if we see the likes of Europe and China? You know, they're, we've continued to have sources tell us they're not going to partner up necessarily. But if we do see that relationship coming a little bit more friendly, how does that impact you? Do we have an hour to talk about this? No, 30 seconds, right? Well, I mean obviously you're talking about geopolitics, Madison. And this is, this is where it gets really interesting. So, so if you look at, you know, the biggest consumers, China, Europe, India, obviously they want lower oil prices as well and demand will be fairly steady there. Um, OPEC obviously Saudi Arabia are they a friend or a foe? I think they're probably generally a friend but they're raising oil production, right? Well so long story, the, the, the short story is simply look, supply, demand in oil, in the oil markets is always changing. But what we, what we think could happen, what nobody's paying attention to is the fact that the oil supply actually could, could be, maybe be lower than what people think globally for two reasons. Number one, um, there could be sanctions on Venezuela and Iran that will actually reduce the amount of oil supply in the current market. In addition, OPEC plus, uh, Saudi Arabia just raised oil production. But they partially did that because they want Kazakhstan, Russia, and Iraq to lower their production. And so, the net of all of this is the surprise could be actually less oil supply added to the market and when the market is thinking we're going to have excess supply, we could actually be undersupplied. We'll see how that plays out in the next six months. Yeah, certainly an interesting dynamic to follow. Rob, thank you so much. Thanks for coming into studio. Appreciate it. Thanks Rob. President Donald Trump said in a post on Truth Social that certain electronics are still subject to existing tariffs of 20% and that the administration is looking into levies on the whole supply chain for the goods. Haidi Stroud-Watts, Shery Ahn and Tyler Kendall talk about what it means for China and the world on "Bloomberg: The Asia Trade." Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Kentucky Gov. Andy Beshear criticized President Trump’s tariff policies, calling the trade war “corruption.” Saturday morning, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection published a list of HS codes for “Reciprocal Tariff Exclusion for Specified Products.” The transition from the Biden administration to the second Trump administration has been nothing short of unprecedented. As of April 10, President Donald Trump has signed a stunning 112 executive... Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... Some older investors need to start planning now for a financial move that needs to be completed before the end of this year. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.