Title: Scotiabank Cuts Chevron, Occidental as Debt and Capital Return Plans Raise Red Flags
Date: 2025-04-11 21:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/scotiabank-cuts-chevron-occidental-debt-213052438.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Oops, something went wrong Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.  EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG) gained more than 2% on Friday after Scotiabank upgraded the stock to Sector Outperform from Sector Perform, assigning a $130 price target. The firm pointed to EOG's relatively attractive valuation compared to other large exploration and production companies, as well as its strong operating footprint in the Permian Basin. Analyst Paul Cheng said investors are increasingly favoring companies with strong balance sheets in today's uncertain market. He highlighted EOG's low net debt to capital ratio, which stood at under 2% at the end of 2024 the lowest among Scotiabank's coverage group. Cheng also noted that EOG's exposure to North American natural gas and its diversified asset mix provide a degree of insulation from oil price volatility, placing it among the lowest oil beta names in the large-cap energy space. At the same time, Scotiabank downgraded Occidental Petroleum (NYSE:OXY) and Chevron (NYSE:CVX) to Sector Perform from Sector Outperform. Occidental's nearly 54% net debt to capital ratio, driven by its CrownRock acquisition, was flagged as the highest in Scotiabank's coverage. For Chevron, the concern lies in potential buyback reductions, with Cheng estimating its repurchase pace could drop from $17.5 billion annually to $10 billion, while peer Exxon Mobil is expected to maintain its payout levels. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. RBC Capital lowered the firm’s price target on APA Corp. (APA) to $24 from $27 and keeps a Sector Perform rating on the shares. The recent market volatility and lower oil prices could result in further activity reductions, if sub-$60/barrel oil price persists, though the management’s recent streamlining is underway with significant G&A reduction in place, the analyst tells investors in a research note. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financia How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram. Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.