Title: Nike, Skechers, other US brands could face anti-American pushback in China due to Trump tariffs
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 21-13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-skechers-other-us-brands-could-face-anti-american-pushback-in-china-due-to-trump-tariffs-211329192.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Anti-American sentiments could be another roadblock for retailers as they navigate a litany of issues in the aftermath of Trump's tariffs.
"We haven't heard of any backlash yet for the companies we follow, but this is something we are watching closely given rising geopolitical tensions," particularly between the US and China, Bank of America analyst Lorraine Hutchinson wrote in a note.
That spells bad news for US brands with the most Chinese sales exposure, including Nike (NKE), Skechers (SKX), Coach owner Tapestry (TPR), and Ralph Lauren (RL).
On Wednesday afternoon, President Trump authorized a 90-day pause on most reciprocal tariffs while keeping the 10% across-the-board duty. But China now faces a 145% tariff because of "the lack of respect that China has shown," Trump said on Truth Social.
Forrester retail industry analyst Sucharita Kodali told Yahoo Finance that consumer pushback in other regions will likely be limited in impact, but China remains the big question mark.
"It's less like Europe or Canada," she said. "I do think [China is] a permanent rupture that I'm not sure is going to be fixed anytime soon ... I don't know the future of American companies in China," she said. The country has instituted an 84% tariff on American goods in response.
US brands have already been struggling in China amid aggressive local competition and flagging domestic economy.
As of the latest quarter, Nike sold $1.73 billion of goods in Greater China, a 17% drop from the previous year. It sold $4.86 billion in North America.
"Nike is in a really, really tough spot. They're in a turnaround for a whole host of reasons. China is just one of their problems," Kodali said.
CEO Elliott Hill told investors it remains "committed to China."
"We see the long-term opportunity there. There's 1.3 billion consumers ... We've also made some significant investments in China, whether it's around some of the big teams like the national basketball team, the track and field team, and the football team," he said.
Per Hutchinson, "Nike saw the most pronounced impact in China from right-sizing inventory to reflect a challenging macro and promo environment. Localized product and innovation are cutting through this tough backdrop but aren't enough to offset the pressure."
Skechers reported $333.5 million of revenue in China last quarter, down 11% year over year.
Skechers CFO John Vandemore told investors "China was the drag" on its international business.
"China continues to be the challenge that, in its size and scale, gives it a disproportionate impact, particularly in the Asia Pacific region." Vandemore said the team is "working very diligently to address what they can in the market."
The company plans to stay the course, saying its business “ultimately will be a very good fit with that market."
Tapestry reported growth in its Greater China business last quarter. Its revenue of $272.8 million is up 3% compared to last year.
"We delivered low-single-digit growth in the quarter, significantly outpacing the industry," CEO Joanne Crevoiserat told Yahoo Finance, citing that innovation and value led shoppers to the brand.
While it might have been a slight uptick, CFRA analyst Zach Warring said in a note, "We now see very little upside potential in China as one of the world’s largest economies continues to struggle." The country makes up 15% of Tapestry’s total sales, compared to North America‘s 65%.
Ralph Lauren recently saw its China revenue grow 20% year over year, driven by same-store sales growth, new customers, and "key marketing moments," CFO Justin Picicci told investors.
As these retailers look to hold down their business in China, they also face a changing consumer environment in the US and an ever-changing backdrop of how much these tariffs actually are.
"Companies are hesitant to take price really quickly ... I haven't seen any brand take price yet, and I think it's because they don't want to walk back," William Blair analyst Sharon Zackfia told Yahoo Finance.
Tariffs have already caused US consumers to be more pessimistic about the economy, which could prompt them to pull back on spending. According to the Conference Board's consumer confidence index out in late March, US consumers' expectations about the economy dropped to a 12-year low.
PwC US consumer markets adviser Ali Furman told Yahoo Finance last week, "Lower-end consumers who are already under a lot of pressure, they're probably getting more anxious and even more cost-conscious, because they're afraid that prices are going to go up and they're already struggling to afford necessities."
"Forget about discretionary," she added, as average consumers become more discerning, making choices between purchasing apparel, consumer electronics, home decor, or dining out.
—
Brooke DiPalma is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @BrookeDiPalma or email her at bdipalma@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for all of the latest retail stock news and events to better inform your investing strategy
Some of the biggest winners from yesterday’s rally have erased much of those gains today.  Delta Air Lines logged a 23% gain yesterday. Today, shares have fallen more than 9%.   Warner Bros. Discovery rose 20% Wednesday and has dropped roughly 13% in today’s trading.
The market's wild recovery on Wednesday afternoon was driven by President Donald Trump temporarily pausing tariff increases on countries all around the world, except China.  A 10% blanket tariff will still be in place, but the bigger tariffs that were expected to hit countries like Vietnam, Cambodia, and Indonesia, where many shoes and kids toys are made, will be in place.  What seems to have been forgotten in that bounce was that tariffs are still higher than they were at the start of the year and the tariff on imports from China would be an astounding 145%.
Shares of  CarMax  sank Thursday after the used-car dealer reported fiscal-fourth-quarter earnings that missed expectations and management sounded the alarm about the looming impact of auto tariffs.  The tariff will expand to imported car parts starting May 3, making it more expensive to assemble vehicles in the United States.  “I think it will it will push some folks into looking at used cars, late model used cars, which is interesting because that’s what we’re seeing a lot of interest in right now,” CarMax CEO William Nash said Thursday.
Shares of lung cancer-focused biotech Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT) rallied 16.6% at its highs of the day before settling into a 10.4% gain on Thursday as of 3:54 p.m. EDT, even though the broader markets were down significantly on the day at that time, including the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF (NYSEMKT: XBI), which was down 4.4%.  The interesting news for Summit was that two insiders exercised warrants on Summit's stock yesterday, which most interpreted as being highly bullish.  What is notable is that the Co-CEOs exercised these warrants, forcing them to buy $6.3 million worth of shares, about four and a half years before the warrants' expiration in December of 2029.
(Bloomberg) -- Economic angst enveloped every corner of Wall Street as US-China trade tensions escalate, sparking a slide in stocks, the dollar and oil, with liquidations in US assets pointing to disorder in the financial system.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagan
CarMax shares slid after the used-car retailer missed earnings expectations and said it could no longer give a time frame for financial goals it has been working toward for years.  Shares sank about 20% as of about midday Thursday, on pace for their biggest one-day drop since September 2022.
(Bloomberg) -- A low-profile hedge fund executive who’s among the dozens of disciples tracing their roots to the late investing legend Julian Robertson is poised to become the face of the Trump administration’s sanctions strategy.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravaga
NEW YORK (Reuters) -In the minutes before President Donald Trump's social media post on Wednesday pausing tariffs sent the U.S. stock market rallying, some unidentified options traders placed bets worth millions of dollars that the market would rebound, data shows.  Now, some Democratic lawmakers are calling for investigations into whether Trump's policy reversal led to any market manipulation or insider trading.  Betting on short-term market swings is common and the trades in question could easily have been placed without any prior knowledge of the coming news as traders speculate on a market bounce or hedge against one every day.
(Bloomberg) -- Five Below Inc. has asked vendors to turn away products waiting for shipment in China before they set off for the US, according to a memo reviewed by Bloomberg. Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionShipping giant A.P
Trump went wobbly on his trade war when the stock sell-off neared a bear market, and credit markets started to quiver. You can bet China noticed.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
