Title: Nike, Walmart Jump on 90-Day Tariff Pause for Key Suppliers
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 21-46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-walmart-jump-90-day-192921614.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- Retail stocks soared after President Donald Trump said he’ll pause higher tariffs for 90 days for dozens of nations that haven’t imposed retaliatory measures on the US.
Countries getting a reprieve include several key suppliers for many apparel and sneaker makers. Critical production hubs including Vietnam, Indonesia and Cambodia have all expressed interest in negotiating trade deals with the US, but global supply chains remain in limbo until any new pacts are reached.
Shares of retailers broadly traded higher on Wednesday afternoon including Nike Inc., which rose 11%. Walmart Inc. closed up 9.5%, while Lululemon Athletica Inc. climbed 11% and Gap Inc. advanced 15%. The S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary Index posted its largest daily gain since 2008.
Trump’s about-face came roughly 13 hours after higher reciprocal duties on 56 nations and the European Union went into effect, a move that had fueled market turmoil and stoked recession fears.
Countries that were hit with the higher, reciprocal duties that went into effect at midnight will now be taxed at the earlier 10% baseline rate applied to other nations, with the exception of China, according to a White House official. China’s duties were raised to 125% over its refusal to negotiate.
The news is a positive development for retailers that have been shifting away from China into neighboring countries, said Poonam Goyal, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Sportswear brands, for instance, could largely mitigate a 10% tariff and can reroute production from China to Southeast Asia to avoid higher duties, Goyal said.
Retailers face the challenge of projecting their performance amid a rapidly-changing tariff landscape. Earlier this week, Levi Strauss & Co. projected sales growth without including any potential tariff impact, while Walmart on Wednesday largely reaffirmed its outlook.
Telsey Advisory Group analyst Joe Feldman said that it’s difficult to price models and estimates as tariff policies continue to change quickly.
“I don’t blame the retailers for not wanting to put numbers out there yet. It’s a moving target,” he said in an interview. “Today is an example where it’s not even worth trying.”
It’s still unclear how companies will mitigate the higher tariffs and how consumers will respond, Feldman said, adding that he generally expects estimates to tick down in the coming months. He said Walmart is better positioned to weather the uncertainties than other companies, since it sells basics such as groceries.
--With assistance from Janet Freund.
(Adds analysts comments starting in eighth paragraph.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Cramer backs Walmart rebound.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Janus Henderson, which manages $379 billion in assets, is advising investors to cut stock holdings and buy more investment-grade sovereign bonds as tariffs threaten to slow global growth, a fund manager said.  Janus Henderson now recommends a portfolio of 55% equities and 45% bonds, compared with its call at the start of the year for 62% equities and 38% bonds, Adam Hetts, global head of multi-asset at Janus, told Reuters.  His base case is for a market selloff and the potential for bearish and recessionary cases to take hold.
The stock sell-off stemming from tariffs "feeds on itself," JPMorgan boss Jamie Dimon said, adding that he believed a recession looks likely.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday abruptly paused part of his tariff assault on global trading partners, dialing back duty rates on goods from many countries for 90 days to allow room to negotiate lower trade barriers, even as he hiked new tariffs on Chinese goods to 125%.  The move, following a week of market turmoil that has wiped out trillions of dollars in stock values, was the latest course reversal in Trump's hastily rolled out tariff agenda, sowing confusion about its objectives.  The net effect of Trump's move is that many goods from most countries will be subject to a 10% U.S. import tariff for the next 90 days.
The upgrade of a critical tax credit and federal grants were in focus at the American Short Line and Regional Railroad Association conference. The post Tax credits, truck limits top small railroads’ DC agenda appeared first on FreightWaves.
Just days after suffering their worst stretch in years, stocks rebounded on Wednesday to notch one of their best days of the 21st century after President Trump announced a 90-day pause on the tariffs that sent stocks across the globe spiraling last week.
President Donald Trump delivered another jarring reversal in American trade policy Wednesday, suspending for 90 days import taxes he’d imposed barely 13 hours earlier on dozens of countries while escalating his trade war with China.  The U-turn came after the sweeping global tariffs Trump announced last week set off a four-day rout in global financial markets, paralyzed businesses and raised fears the U.S. and world economies would tumble into recession.  White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt tried to characterize the sudden change in policy as part of a grand negotiating strategy.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
