Title: Nike, Disney, Novavax_ Trending Tickers
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 20-18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nike-disney-novavax-trending-tickers-201810297.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Julie Hyman and Josh Lipton take a closer look at some of Thursday's trending tickers on Market Domination.
Tariff risks weigh on Nike (NKE) as US President Trump increases the tariff on imports from China to 145%.
Entertainment stocks like Disney (DIS), Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD), and Fox (FOX, FOXA) are falling after China cut imports of Hollywood content.
Novavax (NVAX) stock plunges after US Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. questioned the efficacy of the company's vaccines.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.
Now time for some of today's trending tickers. Shares of Nike and Novavax and Focus, as well as Disney and other entertainment companies today. Let's start with the apparel and footwear giant Nike. It's the top trending ticker on the Yahoo Finance website. Shares are sinking as Trump's tariff war turns to China. The White House today confirming updated tariff figures, bringing the total increased levies on Chinese goods to 145%, which includes a 20% tariff related to fentanyl, uh, that had been imposed on China. Um, so it's even worse than the 125 that we were talking about yesterday. Um, Nike has diversified its supply chains, namely to Vietnam. So there was concern initially, because of course Vietnam was heavily tariffed. That's gone away, but investors still concerned here.
Yeah, and by the way, these same names ripped yesterday. Yes, Nike and Gap and Lululemon, but today investors realize, oh wait, so we still have questions about how names like this are going to actually navigate these tariffs, questions about how their customers are going to respond and react, are estimates coming down, right? All kinds of uncertainty there. By the way though, I did read a write up, apparently HSBC upgrading Adidas to buy. They called a beacon of hope, they say. We we see good visibility for superior top-line growth and operating leverage in the next two years.
Very interesting. We can all use a beacon of hope. I mean, as for Nike, I was reading some Bloomberg reporting that when you take Vietnam, Indonesia, as well as China, that they account for 95% of Nike's footwear production between those three countries. And of course, they may be lower tariffed, that is Vietnam and Indonesia than than previously thought, but it's still 10% on each of those. Yep. And then 145 on China.
Yeah, that's a lot to navigate. All right. Meanwhile, shares of Disney along with other entertainment giants, lower today with China now set to reduce the number of Hollywood films it imports in response to an escalating tariff war with the US. So currently, so China will reduce the number of import US films, and they apparently saying, um, due to Trump tariffs on China, I mean, Chinese consumers aren't so enthusiastic about American movies. Uh, they say moderately reduce the number of American films imported. So moderately is their word. Hollywood Reporter noting that under the the most recent trade agreements, China committed to releasing 34 foreign films per year under revenue share terms. Overseas studios apparently permitted to a 25% share of ticket sales. That's how it was working.
Yeah, you see, um, WB Discovery in particular taking a hit there. I mean, China has been a huge and growing market for blockbusters for American-made blockbusters in recent years. And even though, you know, moderately reducing, it's not clear, but there are some upcoming films that are slated for release both here and there. So this now draws that into question.
It was interesting, because I was reading the Hollywood Reporter's take on this, and they know the popularity of Hollywood films has actually kind of drastically eroded over there past few years, but to your point, the the top US 10 polls can obviously still rake in quite a bit.
Right, exactly. All right. And also shares of Novavax getting hit hard today. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. casting some doubts about the company's COVID vaccine calling it a single antigen vaccine. And for respiratory illnesses, the single antigen vaccines, he said, have never worked. Um, now, the company's shot is already on on the market. It's got conditional approval as COVID vaccine. That is, it was expected already on April 1st. And, um, he made these comments in an interview with CBS News here. Of course, there's been a lot of scrutiny of his commentary as it relates to vaccines more broadly. Um, but it's interesting that he's commenting on sort of specific types. Those shares are down 21% right now, Josh.
Yeah, Bloomberg noting that Novavax did last week have a response here. Said it responded to all the FDA's information requests, believes its vaccine is ready for approval. I mean, kind of the broader question, as you point out, Julie, it raises is, you know, RFK Jr. obviously has been an outspoken critic of vaccines and so it's raised all these questions from investors. Well, what did his role, his appointment, um, his confirmation mean for FDA approvals and timelines just going forward, right?
Right. Yeah. Well, for all of these trending tickers, you can scan the QR code below to keep track with all of the trending tickers on the Yahoo Finance homepage.
The sneaker business illustrates how Trump's tariffs on imports will raise costs for businesses and consumers while generating no new American jobs, for a net loss to the US economy.
The market's wild recovery on Wednesday afternoon was driven by President Donald Trump temporarily pausing tariff increases on countries all around the world, except China.  A 10% blanket tariff will still be in place, but the bigger tariffs that were expected to hit countries like Vietnam, Cambodia, and Indonesia, where many shoes and kids toys are made, will be in place.  What seems to have been forgotten in that bounce was that tariffs are still higher than they were at the start of the year and the tariff on imports from China would be an astounding 145%.
Shares of  CarMax  sank Thursday after the used-car dealer reported fiscal-fourth-quarter earnings that missed expectations and management sounded the alarm about the looming impact of auto tariffs.  The tariff will expand to imported car parts starting May 3, making it more expensive to assemble vehicles in the United States.  “I think it will it will push some folks into looking at used cars, late model used cars, which is interesting because that’s what we’re seeing a lot of interest in right now,” CarMax CEO William Nash said Thursday.
Some of the biggest winners from yesterday’s rally have erased much of those gains today.  Delta Air Lines logged a 23% gain yesterday. Today, shares have fallen more than 9%.   Warner Bros. Discovery rose 20% Wednesday and has dropped roughly 13% in today’s trading.
CarMax shares slid after the used-car retailer missed earnings expectations and said it could no longer give a time frame for financial goals it has been working toward for years.  Shares sank about 20% as of about midday Thursday, on pace for their biggest one-day drop since September 2022.
Shares of lung cancer-focused biotech Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT) rallied 16.6% at its highs of the day before settling into a 10.4% gain on Thursday as of 3:54 p.m. EDT, even though the broader markets were down significantly on the day at that time, including the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF (NYSEMKT: XBI), which was down 4.4%.  The interesting news for Summit was that two insiders exercised warrants on Summit's stock yesterday, which most interpreted as being highly bullish.  What is notable is that the Co-CEOs exercised these warrants, forcing them to buy $6.3 million worth of shares, about four and a half years before the warrants' expiration in December of 2029.
(Bloomberg) -- A low-profile hedge fund executive who’s among the dozens of disciples tracing their roots to the late investing legend Julian Robertson is poised to become the face of the Trump administration’s sanctions strategy.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravaga
ENPH launches IQ Battery 5P with FlexPhase in Poland, and extends its presence in Europe's expanding battery storage market.
The China Film Administration says that the U.S.’s latest tariff decisions has led it to reduce Hollywood film imports.
Investors are dumping U.S. assets they usually favour in times of turmoil as fear over the economic impact of U.S. President Donald Trump's reciprocal tariffs shakes confidence in traditional safe-havens.  The dollar and U.S. Treasuries have taken a beating as Trump's tariffs, plus a 104% duty on China, took effect, while China swiftly retaliated.  The rapid rise in U.S. Treasury yields has worried investors, who fear this could be forced selling to cover portfolio losses and a dash for cash, rekindling memories of the COVID-19 market turmoil.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
