Title: Opinion_ The folly of Trump’s sneaker tariffs
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 00-13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/opinion-the-folly-of-trumps-sneaker-tariffs-164418249.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
If Americans were clamoring for higher sneaker prices, lower quality, and fewer styles to choose from, then President Trump’s tariffs would be just the ticket. That’s not what they want, of course. Voters gave Trump a second term in the White House last year in large part because they want lower prices, paychecks that stretch further, and more prosperity.
Trump hasn’t delivered that so far. The aggressive tariffs dominating his economic agenda are already raising prices, punishing stocks, and leading economists to forecast lower growth and rising unemployment. Trump says, no matter. His tariffs are necessary to bring manufacturing back to the United States and create more assembly line jobs. He describes a stock wipeout and possible recession as “medicine” that will eventually make the patient — the US economy — healthier.
Yet there are many instances in which Trump’s tariffs will raise prices while bringing virtually no jobs back to America, imposing a net loss on the US economy and American consumers. To understand why, start with the shoe rack in your closet and the sneaker collection that probably includes specialized shoes for various sports, trendy athleisure kicks, and maybe a few pairs of dress or designer sneakers that now qualify as business attire.
Americans spend about $31 billion on Nike, Adidas, Converse, and many other sneaker brands each year, more than any other footwear category. Almost all sneakers in the US market come from Asia, with Vietnam the top source, followed by China, Indonesia, and Cambodia. Producers in those nations have built huge, sophisticated supply chains allowing them to minimize costs and maximize scale, which is why consumers throughout the world can get affordable products while the companies selling the shoes make decent profits.
After Trump announced his "Liberation Day" tariffs on April 2, Apollo Global Management (Yahoo Finance's parent company) estimated that imported sneakers would face a new consumption tax of at least 42%. That could change now that Trump has temporarily called off his reciprocal tariffs, which would apply to Vietnam, Indonesia, and Cambodia. At the same time, Trump has raised the tariff on Chinese imports to a whopping 145%, as his broad-based trade war increasingly becomes a showdown between China and the United States.
Whatever the tariffs, the Asian cost advantage will still be so significant that moving production to somewhere else — especially the United States — would make little economic sense. “There are only four countries in the world where you can produce sneakers at high volume,” Craig Radcliffe, Apollo’s managing director in public policy, said during a recent conference call with clients. “I don’t know what a footwear company does. You really don’t have any good options. It’s not credible to think we’re going to bring that supply chain back to the United States. Maybe we just need to buy less of those things.”
Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet
Trump seems to want all manner of manufacturing to return to the United States, as if it is ideal to build everything we consume. It isn’t. One way economists differentiate industries is by “value added,” or the enhancements that make something worth more than the raw materials that go into it. High-value-added industries include digital technology, business services, advanced manufacturing, green energy, autonomous vehicles, and other things requiring high levels of innovation and expertise. Those industries produce the strongest growth, the highest incomes for workers, and the biggest advantage against competing economies.
Smart industrial policy would focus on cultivating high value-added industries. Trump isn’t doing that. Sneakers and most clothing categories are low-value-added industries, which means there’s less financial upside for businesses and workers in the actual manufacturing of the product. Low-value-added industries are a good fit for developing economies such as Vietnam, where there are millions of workers willing to toil for relatively low pay. But in advanced economies such as the United States, business investment perpetually migrates out of “sunset” industries with low returns into “sunrise” industries likely to be dominant in the future.
“There’s no compelling argument for Americans to move back down the value-added supply chain,” said Joe Brusuelas, chief economist at consulting firm RSM. “Even if a company wanted to take that sort of risk, where are they going to get employees?” He pointed out that immigrants often man low-skill assembly lines, and Trump wants less immigration, not more. The unemployment rate, meanwhile, is a low 4.2%, suggesting there are few or no surplus American workers interested in low-paying jobs making sneakers.
During his first term, Trump imposed limited tariffs on many goods from China, including sneakers and other types of shoes. A 2023 analysis of those tariffs by Trade Partnership Worldwide found that even with the China tariffs, which are still in place, the cost of producing in the United States would have been 3 to 4 times higher. So Americans paid the tariffs, and production stayed in China. “The burden of the tariffs on footwear imported from China has fallen primarily on U.S. companies and American families in the form of higher costs and higher prices,” the study found. “U.S. manufacturers and their workers did not benefit from any significant (if even measurable) reshoring of footwear sourcing.”
Trump’s 2025 tariffs are far beefier, as if he thinks production will return to the United States if the cost of foreign production simply goes high enough. In the sneaker business, that simply ignores economic reality.
Shoemakers such as Adidas (ADS.DE) and Under Armour (UA) have experimented with “innovation labs” in the United States that could have become broader production centers, but it didn’t pan out. “From a production perspective, people are unwilling to do these kinds of jobs,” said Matt Priest, CEO of the Footwear Distributors and Retailers of America. “Or we do it with robotics. The whole thing is ass-backwards.”
What will happen instead of an American sneaker renaissance is most sneaker production will stay in Asia, while tariffs raise costs for consumers and lower profits for producers. If the China tariffs remain far higher in China than in other Asian nations, production could shift out of China. But producers also know that Trump is mercurial and could change his mind at any time, so moving production could backfire.
Before Trump paused his reciprocal tariffs, the new tax was 46% on imports from Vietnam, 32% on Indonesian goods and 49% on Cambodian goods. Imports from those three countries now face a new 10% tariff. Nobody knows what the final tariffs will be, which means businesses can only guess.
Contrary to what Trump often says, American importers pay those customs duties to the US Treasury and usually try to pass on as much as they can to their own customers. A rule of thumb is that retail customers end up paying about half of any added tariffs through price increases, with the rest borne by producers along the supply chain.
Drop Rick Newman a note, follow him on Bluesky, or sign up for his newsletter.
“Prices will go up for sure,” said Priest. The biggest price shocks for consumers could come when the back-to-school shopping season begins over the summer and retailers have exhausted pre-tariff inventory. To cut costs, sneaker makers will probably move to cheaper components. Priest said retailers are already cutting orders in anticipation of falling demand, as shoppers face higher prices for thousands of items affected by Trump’s tariffs. That could mean less selection and possibly shortages.
Some importers, meanwhile, will face financial stress because they have to pay much higher customs duties to the US Treasury upfront but can’t recoup those costs until they sell their wholesale products to the next purchaser, which might balk at the higher prices. Those firms — American businesses — may face cash-flow problems if they can’t arrange bridge financing. And the few footwear makers that do produce in the United States, such as New Balance, now have to pay higher costs to produce domestically because of tariffs on assembly line equipment.
When Trump imposed tariffs during his first term, there was an exemption process that allowed companies to plead with the government for tariff relief if the new taxes were too damaging to their business. The government approved about one-third of those requests.
But Trump now seems determined to shut that relief valve. “We’ve been told there won’t be any exclusion process for any product,” Nate Herman, senior vice president for policy at the American Apparel and Footwear Association, told Yahoo Finance. “These additional costs are going to be passed on.” Before Trump paused the reciprocal tariffs, his group estimated price hikes for sneakers at the retail level would range from 25% to 45%, with little to no sneaker manufacturing moving back to the United States.
What could stop Trump’s war on imported sneakers and thousands of other products? Some business groups are bringing legal challenges, claiming that Trump lacks the authority to impose such sweeping tariffs. But that will come down to a Supreme Court generally favorable to Trump’s autocratic governing style. Some congressional Republicans are grumbling, but there’s essentially no chance of legislation that would remove Trump’s tariff authority with enough votes to override a presidential veto.
The fate of Trump’s trade war may ultimately depend on how voters react. “There is going to be pushback and it’s going to be significant,” Herman said. “I just don’t think it will happen anytime soon. A lot of the damage will have to happen first.” Sneakerheads, you're on notice.
Rick Newman is a senior columnist for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on Bluesky and X: @rickjnewman.
Click here for political news related to business and money policies that will shape tomorrow's stock prices.
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Shares of  CarMax  sank Thursday after the used-car dealer reported fiscal-fourth-quarter earnings that missed expectations and management sounded the alarm about the looming impact of auto tariffs.  The tariff will expand to imported car parts starting May 3, making it more expensive to assemble vehicles in the United States.  “I think it will it will push some folks into looking at used cars, late model used cars, which is interesting because that’s what we’re seeing a lot of interest in right now,” CarMax CEO William Nash said Thursday.
The market's wild recovery on Wednesday afternoon was driven by President Donald Trump temporarily pausing tariff increases on countries all around the world, except China.  A 10% blanket tariff will still be in place, but the bigger tariffs that were expected to hit countries like Vietnam, Cambodia, and Indonesia, where many shoes and kids toys are made, will be in place.  What seems to have been forgotten in that bounce was that tariffs are still higher than they were at the start of the year and the tariff on imports from China would be an astounding 145%.
Some of the biggest winners from yesterday’s rally have erased much of those gains today.  Delta Air Lines logged a 23% gain yesterday. Today, shares have fallen more than 9%.   Warner Bros. Discovery rose 20% Wednesday and has dropped roughly 13% in today’s trading.
CarMax shares slid after the used-car retailer missed earnings expectations and said it could no longer give a time frame for financial goals it has been working toward for years.  Shares sank about 20% as of about midday Thursday, on pace for their biggest one-day drop since September 2022.
(Bloomberg) -- A low-profile hedge fund executive who’s among the dozens of disciples tracing their roots to the late investing legend Julian Robertson is poised to become the face of the Trump administration’s sanctions strategy.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravaga
Shares of lung cancer-focused biotech Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT) rallied 16.6% at its highs of the day before settling into a 10.4% gain on Thursday as of 3:54 p.m. EDT, even though the broader markets were down significantly on the day at that time, including the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF (NYSEMKT: XBI), which was down 4.4%.  The interesting news for Summit was that two insiders exercised warrants on Summit's stock yesterday, which most interpreted as being highly bullish.  What is notable is that the Co-CEOs exercised these warrants, forcing them to buy $6.3 million worth of shares, about four and a half years before the warrants' expiration in December of 2029.
ENPH launches IQ Battery 5P with FlexPhase in Poland, and extends its presence in Europe's expanding battery storage market.
NIKE resets for growth with bold innovation; lululemon powers ahead on product and global expansion. Which athletic leader is the better long-term play?
Wall Street reacts to president Trump's surprising move on tariffs.
Elon Musk's disagreements with the Trump administration on tariffs have dramatically spilled into public view. It was a break that had been a long time coming.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
