Title: This Week In E-Commerce - AI Drives Transformation Across Global Commerce Landscape
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 12-39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/week-e-commerce-ai-drives-123927624.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
The Global B2C and B2B E-Commerce sectors are undergoing significant transformation in 2025, driven by advancements in AI-driven automation, the rise of social commerce, and shifting consumer behaviors. Generative AI is increasingly being used for enhancing customer experiences through personalization and automated support, while social media platforms such as TikTok and Instagram are becoming major sales channels. Digital payments are evolving with a growing preference for digital wallets and real-time transactions, while cross-border E-Commerce continues to expand despite challenges like fraud and security concerns. In the B2B landscape, AI is enhancing efficiency in online procurement, but issues like order errors still affect buyer satisfaction.
In other trading, Carvana was trading firmly up 25% and closing at $220.44. Last week, Carvana announced plans to integrate a Megasite in Phoenix, enhancing its production capacity and creating approximately 200 jobs. In the meantime, Redcare Pharmacy trailed, down 16.7% to end the day at €109.20.
Redcare Pharmacy’s strategic market expansions could drive substantial near-term revenue gains in rapidly growing regions click here to explore how these opportunities can impact future growth.
In our 'Market Insights' article, "Beyond the US: Global Markets After Yet Another Tariff Update," we examined how new tariffs could transform global e-commerce dynamics, impacting key players like Amazon—make sure you catch up before the market shifts further.
Amazon.com closed at $191.10 up 12%. This week, Amazon introduced Nova Sonic, a unified speech model enhancing AI voice applications, alongside Atos integrating AI into Selartag® for efficient wine management.
NIKE closed at $59.32 up 11.4%.
Alibaba Group Holding closed at $104.78 up 5.4%.
Embark on your investment journey to our 223 E-Commerce Stocks selection, featuring Home Depot, Pilgrim's Pride and Fielmann Group, right here.
Contemplating Other Strategies? The best AI stocks today may lie beyond giants like Nvidia and Microsoft. Find the next big opportunity with these 23 smaller AI-focused companies with strong growth potential through early-stage innovation in machine learning, automation, and data intelligence that could fund your retirement.
This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sources:
Simply Wall St
"Global B2C & B2B E-Commerce Market Digital Trends and Consumer Shifts Report 2025: AI-driven Automation, Social Commerce, and Evolving Consumer Behaviors Reshaping the Burgeoning Industry" from Research and Markets on GlobeNewswire (published 08 April 2025)
Companies discussed in this article include NYSE:CVNA NasdaqGS:AMZN NYSE:NKE NYSE:BABA and XTRA:RDC.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
Pentair (PNR) was a big mover last session on higher-than-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions might not help the stock continue moving higher in the near term.
Major corporations from retail to travel have already started to shift business plans as President Donald Trump's tariff plans against major trading partners continues to escalate.
Good things could be on the horizon when a stock surpasses the 50-Day simple moving average. How should investors react?
OpenAI escalated its legal battle with Elon Musk by countersuing the Tesla and xAI CEO, claiming he "has tried every tool available to harm" their company.
Good things could be on the horizon when a stock surpasses the 20-day simple moving average. How should investors react?
Finding stocks expected to beat quarterly earnings estimates becomes an easier task with our Zacks Earnings ESP.
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for PPL (PPL) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
Here is how Carvana (CVNA) and Industria de Diseno Textil SA (IDEXY) have performed compared to their sector so far this year.
Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) reported fourth-quarter earnings on Wednesday. Its net sales grew 1% year over year (Y/Y) to $2.16 billion, beating the analyst consensus estimate of $2.13 billion. Net sales for the Beer segment remained flat Y/Y at $1.70 billion, and Wine and Spirits rose 11% Y/Y to $459.8 million. Shipment volume for Beer fell 1.8% Y/Y, while Wine and Spirits rose 3.5% Y/Y. Gross profit increased 7% year over year to $1.11 billion. The company reported an operating loss of
Dexcom stock surged Thursday after the Food and Drug Administration cleared its newest diabetes device for an extended 15-day period.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
