Title: CarMax, Nike, Lululemon, Prada to buy Versace_ Market Minute
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 16-19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/carmax-nike-lululemon-prada-buy-161921824.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
As part of today's Market Minute, Brad Smith examines the trending stories on Wall Street.
CarMax (KMX) stock plunges after the company's fourth quarter results fell short of analyst expectations.
Retail stocks like Nike (NKE) and Lululemon (LULU) fall on tariff risks.
Prada (1913.HK) is set to buy Versace from Capri Holdings (CPRI) for nearly $1.4 billion.
Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute.
It's time for Yahoo Finance's Market Minute. The stock sell-off intensifies amid uncertainty around the US-China trade war. Shares of used car dealer CarMax sinking on disappointing fourth-quarter earnings as cash-strapped consumers pull back on big ticket purchases. Some analysts forecast used car sellers, like CarMax, could benefit from higher sales as tariffs on autos and auto parts could lead to price hikes on new cars.
Nike and Lululemon shares falling, retreating from Wednesday's highs as investors assess the impact of increased tariffs on imports from China on retailers.
And in luxury retail news, Prada is buying Versace from Capri Holdings for $1.4 billion. That's well below the $2.1 billion that Capri paid the Versace family and Blackstone back in 2018.
Versace has struggled to keep up with rivals operating at a loss for the last few quarters.
That's your Yahoo Finance Market Minute. For more on what's trending on Yahoo Finance, scan the QR code below to track the best and worst performing stocks of the session.
Shares of  CarMax  sank Thursday after the used-car dealer reported fiscal-fourth-quarter earnings that missed expectations and management sounded the alarm about the looming impact of auto tariffs.  The tariff will expand to imported car parts starting May 3, making it more expensive to assemble vehicles in the United States.  “I think it will it will push some folks into looking at used cars, late model used cars, which is interesting because that’s what we’re seeing a lot of interest in right now,” CarMax CEO William Nash said Thursday.
Some of the biggest winners from yesterday’s rally have erased much of those gains today.  Delta Air Lines logged a 23% gain yesterday. Today, shares have fallen more than 9%.   Warner Bros. Discovery rose 20% Wednesday and has dropped roughly 13% in today’s trading.
CarMax shares slid after the used-car retailer missed earnings expectations and said it could no longer give a time frame for financial goals it has been working toward for years.  Shares sank about 20% as of about midday Thursday, on pace for their biggest one-day drop since September 2022.
(Bloomberg) -- A low-profile hedge fund executive who’s among the dozens of disciples tracing their roots to the late investing legend Julian Robertson is poised to become the face of the Trump administration’s sanctions strategy.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravaga
The company points to the "potential impact of broader macro factors."
Shares of lung cancer-focused biotech Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT) rallied 16.6% at its highs of the day before settling into a 10.4% gain on Thursday as of 3:54 p.m. EDT, even though the broader markets were down significantly on the day at that time, including the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF (NYSEMKT: XBI), which was down 4.4%.  The interesting news for Summit was that two insiders exercised warrants on Summit's stock yesterday, which most interpreted as being highly bullish.  What is notable is that the Co-CEOs exercised these warrants, forcing them to buy $6.3 million worth of shares, about four and a half years before the warrants' expiration in December of 2029.
(Bloomberg) -- Economic angst enveloped every corner of Wall Street as US-China trade tensions escalate, sparking a slide in stocks, the dollar and oil, with liquidations in US assets pointing to disorder in the financial system.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagan
Shares of Nvidia, Apple, and Tesla fall sharply Thursday after each stock soared double-digits Wednesday following President Donald Trump’s move to pause most reciprocal tariffs for 90 days. U.S. Steel, meanwhile, slumps after Trump says he wants the steel maker to remain an American company.
Tariffs are now just one of many problems for retailers.
HighPeak Energy (HPK) was a big mover last session on higher-than-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions might help the stock continue moving higher in the near term.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
