Title: Meta Begins Training its AI Tools on EU User Data
Date: 2025-04-14 15:41
URL: https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/meta-begins-training-ai-on-eu-user-data/745316/?.tsrc=rss

   
                
                    
                        Let Social Media Today’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
              Meta’s taking another step forward with its AI tools in Europe, with an expansion of its AI training to posts shared by EU users, beginning this week. Which is especially significant, given the various delays and challenges that Meta has faced in gaining approval for EU data usage, under the region’s more stringent data privacy rules. But now, it seems that Meta will be able to move ahead, though somewhat cautiously, as it eyes broader AI deployment. As explained by Meta: “Beginning this week, people based in the EU who use Meta’s platforms will start receiving notifications - in-app and via email - to explain the kind of data we’re going to start using, how this will improve AI at Meta and the overall user experience. These notifications will also include a link to a form where people can object to their data being used in this way at any time. We have made this objection form easy to find, read, and use, and we’ll honor all objection forms we have already received, as well as newly submitted ones.” The challenge that Meta has faced with its AI development in Europe is that the region’s more specific data controls have made it harder for Meta to roll out large-scale data collection for AI training purposes. Last year, Meta was forced to shelve its European AI roll out plans after advocacy group NOYB called for further assessment of the privacy implications of Meta’s AI tools, and the construction of its large language models. Meta also continues to face regional legal challenges over the use of copyright-protected material within its LLM development (including in France), and European authorities have been repeatedly urged to ensure that EU users maintain data controls, in line with its regulations, as Meta expands its AI development. Which Meta says is impeding its progress. For one, Meta says that it needs EU user data to localize its AI tools: “We believe we have a responsibility to build AI that’s not just available to Europeans, but is actually built for them. That’s why it’s so important for our generative AI models to be trained on a variety of data so they can understand the incredible and diverse nuances and complexities that make up European communities. That means everything from dialects and colloquialisms, to hyper-local knowledge and the distinct ways different countries use humor and sarcasm on our products. This is particularly important as AI models become more advanced with multi-modal functionality, which spans text, voice, video, and imagery.” Restrictions on EU data, Meta says, are set to hold the region back in AI development, which has been a key focus of its push to ease EU regulations.  Keep up with the story. Subscribe to the Social Media Today free daily newsletter Last September, Meta was one of several signatories to an open letter which criticized Europe’s restrictions, claiming that they are strangling innovation, and leaving EU users behind the rest of the developed world. As per the letter: “In recent times, regulatory decision-making has become fragmented and unpredictable, while interventions by the European Data Protection Authorities have created huge uncertainty about what kinds of data can be used to train AI models. This means that the next generation of open-source AI models, and products and services that we build on them, won’t understand or reflect European knowledge, culture or languages.” This is just one of the reasons why Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been looking to appeal to U.S. President Donald Trump, in the hope that Trump will back Meta in its ongoing battle against EU authorities over their increasingly stringent regulations. And while it hasn’t taken direct action as yet, the Trump Administration has signaled to EU authorities that it will counter what it sees as over-reaching regulations with trade penalties, while Vice President JD Vance told a Paris summit on AI earlier in the year that the White House will fight against excessive regulation. The tacit support of the U.S. government seems to have emboldened Meta to move ahead with its AI plans, and expand its training into Europe, with additional opt-out notifications to align with EU rules. While Meta’s also pointing at other companies who are doing the same: “It’s important to note that the kind of AI training we’re doing is not unique to Meta, nor will it be unique to Europe. This is how we have been training our generative AI models for other regions since launch. We’re following the example set by others including Google and OpenAI, both of which have already used data from European users to train their AI models. We’re proud that our approach is more transparent than many of our industry counterparts.” A slight dig, and a bit of a slap to EU regulators, in noting that they’ve already allowed other AI projects to do the same.  Which, again, Meta could be looking to use in any push back against EU regulation, and recruiting the Trump team to fight such, as it seeks to accelerate its AI projects.  Though it is also a risk. Over the past few years, Meta has been fined over a billion dollars per year by EU authorities, for violations relating to data breaches, the linking of Facebook Marketplace to Facebook, illegally forcing users to accept personalized ads, and more. Misuse of user data for AI training could lead to more fines, though again, this is why Zuckerberg is cozying up to Trump, in the hopes that the U.S. government will have his back in any coming battles. We’ll see if that happens, because it didn’t stop the FTC from taking Meta to trial over antitrust allegations, another case that Meta had sought to get thrown out.  Maybe, in Europe, the Trump team will provide more support.  Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts The key to maximizing a social media marketing strategy is to ground the approach in purpose. For months, we’ve been tracking Elon Musk’s $44 billion deal with Twitter. Now that the deal is done, we watch as the Musk-Twitter era begins. Subscribe to Social Media Today for top news, trends & analysis Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts The key to maximizing a social media marketing strategy is to ground the approach in purpose. For months, we’ve been tracking Elon Musk’s $44 billion deal with Twitter. Now that the deal is done, we watch as the Musk-Twitter era begins. The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines