Title: Meta, Amazon Stock Price Targets Cut By Analyst. Here's How Wall Street Views Tech Giants' Tariff Risk.
Date: 2025-04-08 18:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/0d170e44-211e-3574-9ade-21270262e2bd/meta%2C-amazon-stock-price.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. JPMorgan cut its price targets for Amazon stock and Meta Tuesday along with a list of internet stocks, citing recession risk. The recent sell-off has left few stocks unscathed, including "Magnificent Seven" stocks such as Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN).  Let's take a closer look at Amazon's businesses and financials to see if the stock could still be a winner this year.  It may surprise some investors to learn that the online sales enterprise is likely not a compelling reason to buy Amazon stock. As U.S. lenders begin to report earnings this week, investors' focus will likely shift from profits to bank bosses' remarks on the economy after President Donald Trump unveiled steep tariffs and triggered a market selloff.  Mike Mayo, an analyst at Wells Fargo, said the largest effect of the tariffs in the coming quarters "will be higher reserves for loan losses as the odds of recession rise."  Loan losses will probably jump this year because recently updated accounting rules require lenders to account for losses over the full terms of the loans. Apple stock continued its brutal slide on Tuesday. It has lost 23% of its value over the past four trading sessions. The trading volume puts it among the top ETF product introductions, one market analyst said. We recently published a list of 13 Best Big Data Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best big data stocks to buy according to analysts. The big data companies focus on collecting, storing, and analyzing huge amounts […] The looming threat of a TikTok ban has done little to thwart the short-video app's popularity with young users. NEW YORK (Reuters) -Stock indexes posted their biggest one-day gains in years, with the S&P 500 recording its largest rise since 2008, while the dollar gained and Treasuries pared losses on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump declared a temporary U.S. pause on tariffs.  The announcement by Trump came in the afternoon after days of market turmoil, with bond prices and the U.S. dollar selling off earlier in the day on fears that the administration's plans to raise tariffs to levels last seen more than 100 years ago would push the economy into recession.  The president announced an immediate 90-day tariff pause for many countries even as he raised the levy on Chinese imports to 125%. With a US-China trade war in full swing, Bloomberg Opinion columnist Karishma Vaswani says President Donald Trump's aggressive tariffs could drive Asian nations to strengthen cooperation with each other and consider drifting back toward China, eroding America's strategic edge in the Indo-Pacific. (Bloomberg) -- Nouriel Roubini has a new word of caution for Wall Street: Traders should temper their bets that the Federal Reserve will ramp up interest-rate cuts to mitigate the effects of President Donald Trump’s trade conflict. Most Read from BloombergThe Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World NeedsTrump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, HousingThis Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One SideIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quant We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 10 Stocks in Focus. In this article, we are going to take a look at where BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) stands against other stocks in Jim Cramer’s focus. On Friday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, commented on the current state of the markets as he […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
