Title: Dollar’s Losing Run Shows Wall Street Angst Over Tariff U-Turns
Date: 2025-04-14 20:38:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dollar-finds-support-now-trump-210918190.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Worries over global trade dragged the dollar to a six-month low on Monday, leaving investors bracing for more weakness ahead. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? The Secret Formula for Faster Trains Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index extended declines for a fifth day, falling a total of 3.3% during that stretch. While Treasuries and stocks rallied on news that President Donald Trump will delay levies on some popular consumer electronics, sentiment on the dollar was undermined by his warnings that the exemption will prove temporary. Protracted selloffs in the greenback and Treasuries — typically seen as havens in turbulent times — have exacerbated concerns that investors are lightening up on US assets in the face of tectonic trade policy shifts and broader political uncertainty. Listen to the Here’s Why podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen. Weakness in the dollar and Treasuries is a “horrible, toxic combination,” said Jordan Rochester, head of macro strategy for EMEA at Mizuho International Plc., in an interview on Bloomberg Television. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index finished Monday down 0.3%. The gauge has fallen about 6.1% so far this year, on track for its biggest annual loss since 2017. Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here. Positioning in the options market suggested traders were hedging against further declines. An index measuring three-month risk reversals — or the spread between call and put options — on the dollar against its major peers has dropped to a five-year low. That indicates greater demand for put options that would benefit from a weaker dollar than for call options that would gain from a stronger one. The S&P 500 index gained 0.8% on Monday. The yield on 10-year Treasuries fell 11 basis points to 4.38%. A five-day bond market selloff unleashed by anxiety over Trump’s trade war sent 10-year Treasury yields to the biggest weekly surge in over two decades last week. Lasting damage? The discussion that has dominated Wall Street for much of the past week has centered on whether Trump’s actions, even if they are eventually reversed, have inflicted lasting damage to the idea that the US dollar and Treasuries are the ultimate risk-free assets. “We are talking about a regime change in the way the market views the dollar, particularly during times of global financial stress,” Steve Barrow, a strategist at Standard Bank, wrote in a note to clients on Monday. “We’d note that the other key component of the US’s safe-asset allure – the Treasury market – has not been particularly safe.” That view was echoed by Derek Halpenny, head of global markets research at MUFG Bank, who focused on weekend remarks from Trump and Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick stressing a longstanding plan to apply a different, specific levy to the technology sector. “It is difficult to see any fundamental factor that will likely improve investor sentiment,” Halpenny wrote in a report. “Key levels were broken last week for the dollar.” One-week risk reversals on the Bloomberg dollar index moved toward parity for the first time in five days, a sign that traders are becoming less bearish on the greenback. Still, the gauge has remained in negative territory for a third straight day, with bearish sentiment toward the US currency at levels unseen since the pandemic. “Trump’s actions have persistently damaged the ‘US brand’,” wrote Dana Malas, a strategist at Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB. “This means that dollar assets, both inside and outside the US, should continue to carry higher risk premiums.” Almost 80% of respondents to a Bloomberg survey predicted the dollar would weaken further over the next month, the biggest proportion of bears since the surveys began in 2022. Strategists at the biggest Wall Street banks also see the potential for further weakness. JPMorgan Chase & Co. analysts suggested investors remain bearish the dollar, especially against the yen and euro, as there’s still a chance of a US recession. Mizuho Bank Ltd. anticipates the US currency may fall another 5% on a trade-weighted basis before rebounding, based on how it traded in 2017-18 and during the pandemic. “The design and implementation of these tariffs should have a negative impact on the currency because they have contributed to eroding consumer and business confidence,” Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analysts including Kamakshya Trivedi wrote. “If tariffs weigh on US firms’ profit margins and US consumers’ real incomes, like we think they will, they can erode that exceptionalism and, in turn, crack the central pillar of the strong dollar,” they said. --With assistance from Michael G. Wilson, Anya Andrianova and George Lei. (Updates prices throughout) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. The chaotic activity in the usually staid Treasury market has opened the door to some potential buying opportunities.  The Treasury market has been responding to mixed messages for weeks, even before President Donald Trump’s tariff announcement.  As Treasury yields rose, the dollar fell—both reversing the typical-safe haven moves those markets make when investors are worried. Another tariff climb down from the Trump administration sparked a relief rally in world stocks and bonds on Monday, but smoldering growth fears and deep-rooted doubts over the wisdom and execution of U.S. trade policy limited the euphoria.  Zoom out and the world continues to reassess its long-held faith in the dollar and U.S. Treasuries, the fates of which increasingly appear to be in the hands of foreign private sector investors. "It is no longer hyperbole to say that the dollar's reserve status and broader dominant role is at least somewhat in question," Capital Economics said. An eventful 24 hours in the crypto markets saw VTHO zooming 37%, Story’s IP falling and recovering 20%, with some traders hoping that the worst of the tariffs-driven selloffs are in the past. (Bloomberg) -- Investor sentiment regarding economic prospects is the most negative in three decades, yet fund managers’ pessimism isn’t fully reflected in their asset allocation which could mean more losses for US stocks, a Bank of America Corp. survey shows.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage$15 Million F U.S. policy on stablecoins offers European citizens an attractive payment method for cross-border transactions which should trigger more concern than trade tariffs, Italy's economy minister said on Tuesday.  Addressing an event in Milan on asset management, Giancarlo Giorgetti said European Union authorities should adopt further steps to boost the status of the euro as an international reference currency and complained about the fragmentation of the EU's payment industry.  U.S. President Donald Trump has pledged to overhaul rules on cryptocurrencies and reverse a crackdown on the sector that took place under his predecessor Joe Biden. Allegro had said in March that a sweetened $35.10 per share offer from Onsemi was "inadequate", just a few months after the smaller chip firm turned down a $34.50 a share proposal.  "We have decided to withdraw our acquisition proposal given the reluctance of Allegro’s Board of Directors to fully engage and explore our proposal," Onsemi CEO Hassane El-Khoury said. U.S. stocks drifted Tuesday through a rare quiet day for financial markets.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 155 points, or 0.4%, and the Nasdaq composite edged down by less than 0.1%.  The modest moves offered some respite following the huge swings that have battered Wall Street recently, not just day to day but also hour to hour. - European ETFs register trades worth $161.6 billion in just four sessions after 'liberation day.' - Daily trading volumes for European-listed ETFs averaged $5.7 billion during March. - BlackRock also registered record activity levels on consecutive days for its iShares operations in Europe. Argentina's grain industry welcomed an exchange-rate overhaul on Monday, though the new measures will likely not translate into immediate sales as the harvest remains behind schedule, experts said.  Late on Friday, Argentina's central bank loosened foreign-exchange controls, a long-awaited measure twinned with billions of dollars to be disbursed by development banks including the International Monetary Fund.  Lifting of the controls is also meant to speed up agricultural sales, a prime source of cash from abroad. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.