3 things we've learned from healthcare earnings
2025-05-01 18-04
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/3-things-weve-learned-healthcare-180401035.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Yahoo Finance Senior Health Reporter Anjalee Khemlani joins the Wealth team in breaking down the biggest themes she is seeing in the healthcare space from this earnings season, ranging from CVS Health's (CVS) earnings beat, trends in health insurance providers, rising medical costs, and the pricing on GLP-1 weight-loss drugs.
Catch Anjalee's coverage of Eli Lilly's (LLY) stock reaction to its earnings print.
Also, watch Yahoo Finance's interview with Oscar Health (OSCR) CEO Mark Bertolini from December 2024, where he characterized the healthcare system as having been "broken for some time."
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here.
CVS is the latest major name in health care to report earnings this season. Joining me now, we've got three key takeaways from the health care earnings so far, with our senior health reporter, Anjali Camlani. All right, so let's break down some of these takeaways here.
Yeah, so, uh, obviously the health care sector is very large. So we'll do a subsector takeaway. I want to focus first on the insurance sector. That's really moving in some different directions than we've seen before. Medicare advantage, which had been a big theme last year and really burdening the companies with costs, hasn't been as much of a factor this year. And so we're seeing after United Health care took a big hit because of its increased utilization. Others like CVS today, as well as Humana yesterday, have said that that is not as much of a hit. So that's good news. I mean, seniors aren't using as much healthcare as they need to. Maybe they've, you know, we've come off of that post-pandemic rush of utilization. So cost should be normalizing there. Meanwhile, the ACA marketplace has seen some exits and companies are touting this as, you know, helping to control costs. But that is bad news for consumers, of course, because the fewer options you have in the marketplace, that means the fewer options you have for being able to choose your own insurance. And that's something that we've seen other insurers, like Oscar Health, which has been a big player in the ACA marketplace, kind of take a look at and talk about the need for more competition. Meanwhile, we've seen the shift, um, a little bit away from that. So, if you want to hear what Oscar Health CEO, Mark Bertolini said in the past, take a listen.
We believe an individual market for every American so they can buy what they need and they want in covering their health care costs is the way to go in the future. But I think that's the way we need to go, and I think that's the new version of health care for Americans versus the 80-year-old version we're living with now.
That 80-year-old version being employer health care. So we're kind of seeing a shift into what's known as Icra. I won't bore you with the details, but there is a little bit of innovation happening in that space. So something for folks to think about when it comes to, you know, the insurance sector. Meanwhile, pharma, you know, that's a big one, and I know, you know, we talked about some of the cuts from some of those biotech firms, but really with tariffs top of mind right now for these companies, the question remains, what will that mean with trickle down? Will that increase cost of drug pricing? Will it increase costs at the hospital in fact? Those are all things that we're waiting to see, especially as medical device makers got hit the most with the existing tariffs. They're working on carve outs to see if that comes through or if they're going to have to endure that pain for the rest of the year and going into next year. Meanwhile, GLP-1 costs a little bit of a drop there, interesting after compounding was taken out of the market. Thanks to the FDA removing these drugs from the shortage list. We've seen the deal, like Novo Nordisk and CVS today, with that formulary plan. And so having CVS choose and prefer Wegovy, which is Novo Nordisk drug over Eli Lilly, is sort of setting the market up for a little bit more competition as we also wait for pill forms to come out. And no news on that on what those cost prices will be. So a lot of up and down movement as you can see. On the tariff point, I also want to remind everyone that we've seen all of these major companies, uh, contribute, or commit rather, uh, upwards of, you know, $1 billion, anywhere from $1 billion to $50 billion and $55 billion in manufacturing commitments and response to those tariffs and hopes that they might not appear.
All right. Well, we will wait and see if they do or don't. Of course, they're waiting for some exemptions, like some other industries have begun to see, and some are still trying to get the ear of the president for. Anjali, thanks so much.
Eli Lilly's CEO waved off the Novo Nordisk-CVS GLP-1 formulary deal as he focuses on the future of the company's obesity pipeline.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Analysts are Talking About Amid Trump’s Tariff War. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks analysts are talking about amid Trump’s tariff war. Markets saw some glimmer of hope as President Donald Trump indicated […]
Berkshire Hathaway has increased its cash holdings to their highest-ever levels.  CEO Warren Buffett is still buying some stocks, and recently said he will always have most of his money invested in U.S. companies.  Buffett doesn't get perturbed about bear markets; he sees them as an opportunity to buy great stocks at bargain prices.
Investors will be looking to see whether the company goes the way of UnitedHealth Group on the one hand, or CVS Health on the other.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for GoDaddy (GDDY) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
The headline numbers for Universal Display (OLED) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Earnings came in at $2.25 a share on revenue of $94.6 billion in the quarter, way above analysts' expectations.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.