Humana reports strong first quarter earnings as Medicare Advantage costs hit the mark
2025-04-30 11-20
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/humana-reports-strong-first-quarter-earnings-as-medicare-advantage-costs-hit-the-mark-112011548.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Humana (HUM) reported first quarter earnings that topped Wall Street expectations Wednesday, helping drive shares 5% higher in premarket trading.
The healthcare company beat on adjusted earnings per share of $11.58, compared to Wall Street's estimates of $10.09. Revenue came in at a slight miss of $32.11 billion, just under the consensus of $32.15 billion.
Humana results stayed in line with its own expectations, and it reaffirmed its full-year guidance. The company expects its medical loss ratio — the ratio of premiums taken in versus paid out — to be between 90.1% to 90.5% for the year.
While that is on the higher side of the Affordable Care Act's required threshold of 85%, Humana said that it's confident in its pricing strategies and that the Medicare Advantage spend is in line with expectations.
CEO Jim Rechtin said in on an earnings call Wednesday that the company is doing well with the items within its control.
"The best way to describe where we are in this moment is while there are challenges to navigate, there are no surprises," Rechtin said.
Humana is one of the larger Medicare Advantage providers, and its quarterly report has been on investors' watchlist after UnitedHealth Group's (UNH) earnings miss earlier this month, which was in part related to higher costs in its Medicare Advantage book than expected. That impacted Humana's stock as well, which sank more than 12% on April 17. It did not fully recover from that and was up only about 6% at the end of trading on Tuesday.
Humana has also faced other headwinds in its Medicare Advantage business, including losing the most star ratings among its peers this year. This means it could get lower revenue from Medicare payments and will likely see a loss of members as the plans' ratings go down — the company is currently engaged in a lawsuit over these ratings.
Humana has about 18% of the Medicare Advantage market, while UnitedHealth boasts 29%. The third largest is CVS (CVS) at 12%, with its Medicare Advantage plans under Aetna. CVS reports earnings on May 1.
The company is focused on expanding CenterWell, its health services and mail-order pharmacy business unit. Humana said NovoCare, the online pharmacy for Novo Nordisk (NVO), was chosen as part of Novo's latest effort to dispense the blockbuster weight-loss drug Wegovy directly to cash-paying patients.
Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee as AnjKhem on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest health industry news and events impacting stock prices
The headline numbers for Midland States Bancorp (MSBI) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
A Republican bill would slash funding to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, where the Trump administration has already made deep cuts to staffing and a change in its mandate.
The Prada brand posted sluggish retail results, but the company’s overall revenue rose 13% ahead of its planned Versace acquisition.
Amazon wants companies to build public-facing chatbots using its Q Business assistant. On Wednesday, the company said Q Business, its AWS-hosted AI assistant that can answer questions, provide summaries and complete tasks, now supports anonymous user access. This effectively means that AWS users can now create Q Business chatbots for websites, support portals, and more to help their customers search through documentation, complete self-service requests, and so on. "This capability allows guest u
New research suggests social media stunts like touching sharks are leading to more defensive bites—and hurting conservation efforts.
The investment is set to increase the company's capacity across 22 healthcare facilities.
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says Businesspeople Are Emotional & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where RTX Corporation (NYSE:RTX) stands against the other stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the unease […]
This earnings season has offered a more complicated picture of consumer spending as executives observe both caution and normalcy.
Shares of tech mega-caps soared on Thursday as strong earnings reports from Microsoft and Meta Platforms breathed fresh life into the AI trade that's fueled stock market gains for the past two years.
Conestoga Capital Advisors, an asset management company, released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Equity markets started the year with a rally due to optimism about a strong economy and expectations of moderating inflation and lower interest rates. However, concerns over slowing earnings from major Technology companies, geopolitical […]