Is UnitedHealth Group (UNH) the Most Profitable Blue Chip Stock to Buy Now_
2025-04-29 20-43
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unitedhealth-group-unh-most-profitable-204310022.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Most Profitable Blue Chip Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other most profitable blue chip stocks to buy now.
Blue chip stocks are large, financially stable companies with strong market presence, consistent profitability, and regular dividend payments. They are generally market leaders, with strong business models that are resilient across business cycles. Many blue chip stocks are included in the Dow Index (DJIA), so the index is often considered an indicator of their overall performance. Investors would typically flock to blue chip stocks in times of market volatility, economic uncertainty, or when the economy is in late-stage expansion, as these large-cap companies tend to offer stability and consistent returns versus smaller or riskier companies.
We believe that blue chip stocks, and the constituents of the Dow index in particular, represent a unique blend of the value and size factors, combining the financial stability, earnings consistency, and attractive market valuations typically associated with value stocks, with the scale and market dominance of large-cap companies. This dual exposure enhances their resilience in economic downturns and makes them well-positioned to outperform during recessions, when investors tend to shift towards quality and safer stocks. For reference, the Fama–French Three-Factor Model, introduced in 1993, concludes that incorporating exposure to several favorable factors can further enhance stock returns. In this context, both the value and large size factors outperformed in the last years, and especially year-to-date.
READ ALSO: 10 Most Profitable Large Cap Stocks to Buy Now
Our research indicates that recession fears and Trump Turmoil are likely to persist and potentially continue to favor the most profitable blue chip stocks over everything else. The US administration appears to be eroding the trust of investors through a plethora of unpredictable and contradictory moves – Trump appeared to soften his stance on the US-China trade war, saying that tariffs on Chinese goods “will not be as high as 145 per cent” and that “it’ll come down substantially, but won’t be zero”. While this represents a good signal at first glance, such actions are very likely to deter the US’s partners from negotiating for tariff exemption, simply because the current administration has become too unpredictable.
Our thoughts are confirmed by the VIX volatility index remaining elevated compared to the long-term trend, while the crude oil price remains in a downtrend, suggesting expectations of weaker industrial demand and a weaker economy. On the consumer side, there are reasons to believe that US consumers are getting more cautious than ever – the employee quits rate, as reported by FRED, declined substantially year-to-date and reached levels comparable to the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis. When employees are reluctant to quit it means two things: (1) it is tough to get jobs out there, implying that the economy is slowing down, and (2) their expectation about the future becomes more pessimistic, which leads to less willingness to quit and potentially risk difficulties finding a new job. Both these factors mean the consumer spending will likely slow down in the following quarters, further pressuring GDP growth.
The key takeaway for the readers is that the odds of a recession and of a prolonged bear market still persist. In this context, the best hedging strategy would be to hold shares of companies that perform well in bull markets, but at the same time can offer protection against turmoil and recessions. Our belief is that the most profitable blue chip stocks are the best candidates, because they possess the wide moat and strong cash flow capacity to withstand any economic slowdown and even potentially absorb the incremental tariffs.
A senior healthcare professional giving advice to a patient in a clinic.
To compile our list of most profitable blue chip stocks to buy now, we screened for current and former members of the Dow Jones Industrial Average index and identified companies with the highest net income generated in the latest reported fiscal year. From that group, we picked companies with the highest net profit margin, which suggests sound financial health and excellent cost management. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of their net profit margin as of the most recent quarter. For each stock, we also included the number of hedge funds that own the stock as of Q4 2024, according to Insider Monkey’s database.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Net Profit Margin: 3.81%
Last year’s net income: $25.70 billion
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 150
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is the largest diversified healthcare company offering health insurance plans across employer-sponsored, Medicare Advantage, Medicaid, and individual markets, covering over 50 million people in the US. The company also owns the Optum segment, which provides pharmacy benefit management, healthcare delivery services, and complementary data analytics and technology solutions.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) started 2025 with strong growth across businesses but faced unexpected performance challenges, leading to a downward revision in adjusted EPS outlook. The company identified two main factors impacting performance: increased care activity in Medicare Advantage, with Q1 2025 care activity increasing at twice the expected rate, and unanticipated changes in Optum Medicare membership profiles affecting 2025 revenue. The care activity increases were primarily in physician and outpatient services, specifically limited to the Medicare Advantage business and not affecting commercial or Medicaid businesses.
To address these challenges, UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is implementing several initiatives, including ensuring complex patients engage in clinical and value-based programs, consistently engaging with members in homes and post-discharge settings, and improving physician clinical workflow to better transition to the new CMS risk model. Despite these challenges, UNH’s Medicare Advantage business is still expected to serve an additional 800,000 people this year, while Optum Health is on track to add 650,000 net new patients to value-based care arrangements. UNH remains committed to returning to its long-term EPS growth target of 13% to 16%, making it one of the most profitable stocks to buy now.
Overall, UNH ranks 9th on our list of most profitable blue chip stocks to buy now. While we acknowledge the potential of UNH as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than UNH but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
The health insurer reported an adjusted profit of $11.58 a share, beating expectations, as revenue rose about 8% from a year ago.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was inspired by […]
Patrick Conway will replace Heather Cianfrocco, who is being promoted to UnitedHealth’s executive vice president of governance, compliance and information security, the company announced Tuesday.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.