Jim Cramer on UnitedHealth Group Inc. (UNH)_ We’ve Never Seen Anything Like This Collapse
2025-04-30 15-02
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-unitedhealth-group-inc-150243493.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Talks About Elon Musk & Discusses These 11 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed.
In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented that he believed that Elon Musk’s Department of Government Efficiency, or DOGE, would target wasteful government spending. Musk, during the latest earnings call of his car company, shared that he would soon step back from DOGE and return to managing his businesses. The news sent the shares of his firm soaring by 10% since the report, and media reports since then have also pointed towards disagreements between him and Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent.
Cramer commented:
“I’m beginning to think that, I thought Medicaid would be immune, look, do I want it to be immune? I don’t want anything to be immune. I kept hoping that DOGE would go after where the real money is, uh, Medicaid, that could hurt a bunch of companies. Medicaid, David, is bedrock.”
He also mentioned that businesses continued to face uncertainty when it came to the impact of tariffs. Recalling a recent conversation, Cramer outlined: “I was talking to someone today, he said look, we do business in China. How do you think we’ll do with the tariff, the 200% tariffs? I said no, that’s an embargo, that’s not a tariff. You don’t understand. . .that’s not meant to be used.”
The CNBC host also highlighted that perhaps markets opened in the green that day because “the President said nothing nasty. He’s not been vicious. He’s not called names.”
Cramer also commented on Vice President Vance’s visit to India and wondered whether the US could increase its coal exports to the country as part of the President’s bid to reduce the trade deficit. “I know India needs coal. We got coal,” said Cramer. “We are the Saudi Arabia of coal. And not anthracite cause that’s a little too dirty,” he added.
One sector that entered 2025 with high hopes but has faltered since then is data center. Data centers form the backbone of AI computing, and the stocks have struggled ever since the DeepSeek selloff in January. According to Cramer:
“Oh my god the data center, oh, remember when the data center was this growth industry where everything . . .woah, Amazon Web Services, actually not really. Microsoft, not really. But it doesn’t matter. The data center is now kryptonite, it’s like look out this thing, no, you don’t wanna be in here.”
When asked what would it take for investors to realize that data centers are still a growth industry, here’s what he said:
“You have to see the CapEx numbers and realize the CapEx numbers have not declined. And think that’s what’s gonna happen because I still think that there’s a tremendous, tremendous opportunity to be the number one search.”
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 22nd.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A senior healthcare professional giving advice to a patient in a clinic.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 150
UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) is a mega American healthcare benefits manager whose shares have been the talk of the town lately. The stock dipped by a whopping 22% in April after the firm’s earnings missed analyst estimates for the first time since 2008. To make matters worse, UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) also cut its full-year profit guidance and the new metric also missed analyst estimates. Here’s what Cramer said:
“By the way, they’re still downgrading UNH. They’re still downgrading UNH. . .you know it was a 12% cut. And, everybody says the same thing. We’ve never seen anything like this from UNH. Because UNH’s so perfect, I mean it’s a Dow stock, it’s actually up today. That’s interesting.”
Overall, UNH ranks 4th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of UNH as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than UNH but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Analysts are Talking About Amid Trump’s Tariff War. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks analysts are talking about amid Trump’s tariff war. Markets saw some glimmer of hope as President Donald Trump indicated […]
Patrick Conway will replace Heather Cianfrocco, who is being promoted to UnitedHealth’s executive vice president of governance, compliance and information security, the company announced Tuesday.
Mark Zuckerberg says America's edge in artificial intelligence could erode unless it matches China's rapid build-out of data-center power and factory-scale hardware. What Happened: Speaking on the Dwarkesh Podcast, the billionaire founder warned that "the U.S. really needs to focus on streamlining the ability to build data centers and produce energy. Otherwise, we'll be at a significant disadvantage." Zuckerberg's comments came during a comparison of Meta's newly announced Llama 4 family with Hu
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says The Day “Everything’s A Lot More Expensive” Is Coming & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on […]
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says Businesspeople Are Emotional & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) stands against the other stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the […]
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE:MRK) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Bears Got ‘Pantsed’ & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the […]
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.