UnitedHealth names insider Patrick Conway as Optum CEO
2025-04-29 20-17
https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/unitedhealth-names-patrick-conway-lead-201747956.html?.tsrc=rss
(Reuters) -UnitedHealth Group said on Tuesday insider Patrick Conway will take on the top job at Optum, its health services segment, replacing Heather Cianfrocco, who will take on a new role within the healthcare conglomerate.
Conway is currently the chief executive officer of Optum Rx, the company's pharmacy benefit management unit. Conway joined Optum in February 2020 and has held senior leadership roles at Optum Rx and Optum Health.
The Optum health services arm offers a range of healthcare solutions, from pharmacy benefit management to financial consultation and mental health support.
Cianfrocco has been appointed as the executive vice president of governance, compliance, and information security at Optum.
Both the new appointments are effective May 6.
Earlier this month, UnitedHealth posted a rare miss to its quarterly profit and lowered its annual outlook due to higher-than-expected medical costs.
The company pointed to rising medical costs in its plans for older adults - and what it termed as "unanticipated changes" in its Optum health services unit that was viewed as the growth engine of the conglomerate's business.
UnitedHealth had a rough 2024, as it dealt with an aftermath of a cyberattack at its tech unit, elevated medical costs and public backlash after the murder of its insurance unit head, Brian Thompson, late last year.
In January, the company named insider Tim Noel to lead the health insurance business.
(Reporting by Sriparna Roy in Bengaluru; Editing by Tasim Zahid)
The Dow and S&P 500 closed higher after a late rally on Wednesday, erasing declines from most of the session after data showed the economy contracted in the first quarter for the first time in three years.  In a session filled with economic data, the Commerce Department said its advance gross domestic product report showed a 0.3% contraction for the first quarter, falling short of expectations for 0.3% growth, according to economists polled by Reuters.  A separate report on monthly consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of economic activity, showed a jump of 0.7% in March, topping expectations for a 0.5% rise.
Investing.com -- Tool maker Stanley Black & Decker Inc (NYSE:SWK) said Wednesday that because of the U.S. tariffs, it raised prices in the “high-single digits” in April and will raise them further at the start of the third quarter. The company also stated it will be moving its supply chains from China to Mexico.
This top Canadian stock is turning to copper, and that could be huge for investors. The post 1 Magnificent Canadian Stock Down 36% to Buy and Hold Forever appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
The Canadian dollar strengthened to a six-month high against its U.S. counterpart on Wednesday and posted its biggest monthly advance in a decade, helped by the recent cooling in global trade tensions and the end of domestic political uncertainty.  The loonie was trading 0.3% higher at 1.3788 per U.S. dollar, or 72.53 U.S. cents, after touching its strongest intraday level since October 17 at 1.3777.  U.S. President Donald Trump said that Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney is looking to make a trade deal and will visit the White House within the next week.
Sure, you can grab a dividend stock. But what about one that pays out monthly? The post A 9.9% Dividend Stock Paying Cash Every Single Month appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
TORONTO — Beleaguered retailer Hudson's Bay has attracted a bid from Canadian Tire, two sources familiar with the sales process say.
Here's why investing in blue-chip TSX stocks such as BAM should help you deliver outsized gains in 2025 and beyond. The post How I’d Invest $30,000 in Canadian Blue-Chip Stocks to Build Serious Wealth appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
These three dividend stocks have reliable operations and offer attractive dividend yields, making them ideal for passive-income seekers. The post 3 Canadian Dividend Champions for Reliable Passive Income in 2025 appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
If you're an investor wanting in on AI stocks, but want to do so safely, here's where to invest. The post How I’d Invest $4,500 in Canadian Artificial Intelligence Stocks to Outsmart the Market appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
Summary of minutes shows some policymakers wanted more information on tariffs and their potential impact