Caterpillar raised at Baird as negative catalysts now baked into expectations
2025-05-01 14-41
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-raised-baird-negative-catalysts-144128127.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Investing.com -- Baird upgraded  Caterpillar  (NYSE:CAT) to Neutral from Underperform on Thursday, raising its price target for the stock to $309 from $300 a share.
The firm cited key bearish drivers for the stock have now been largely priced in. The firm noted that earlier concerns over dealer destocking, margin compression, and segment mix have materialized, and investor expectations now reflect those risks.
“The fundamental catalysts warranting a negative view...are at this point baked into fundamentals and expectations,” Baird analysts wrote.
The firm had previously argued that a needed channel destock, unsustainable pricing-driven margins, and weakness in Construction Industries (CI) and Resource Industries (RI) would offset strength in Energy & Transportation (E&T), but now says these factors are evident in recent results and guidance.
Caterpillar’s first-quarter 2025 report and forward outlook supported the shift in sentiment. Baird observed that dealer inventory levels were more favorable than expected, and that demand, while still pre-tariff, was outperforming peers.
“Demand...is clearly better than expected,” the analysts noted, referencing strength in orders, backlogs, and retail sales.
One key positive was said to be the absence of large sequential dealer stocking in what is typically the heaviest inventory build quarter.
“The channel [is] already starting to look lean,” Baird said, adding that inventories are now only 9% above pre-COVID levels, while pricing contributes roughly 24% to that figure.
Although macroeconomic risks, especially for CI, still loom, Baird believes Caterpillar is positioned more defensively due to an elevated backlog.
“We would look to use any additional pressure from a macro/recessionary reset to get even more constructive on the stock,” the firm said.
Baird maintains a watchful stance, but now sees potential upside should further macro-driven weakness create an attractive entry point.
Related articles
Caterpillar raised at Baird as negative catalysts now baked into expectations
TSM named new top pick at Morgan Stanley on AI demand
CoreWeave shares jump as hyperscalers boosts AI spend
Caterpillar (CAT) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -1.16% and 2.01%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Caterpillar estimates the Trump administration's tariffs will add $250 million to $350 million in additional costs this quarter.  "We'd like to see a little more clarity," said Joe Creed, who will become chief executive on Thursday.  Creed said the company is cutting back on discretionary spending and slowing some shipments of imported products that would face tariffs.
Here’s a sector-by-sector breakdown of how major players are reacting to the mounting pressure of tariffs and retaliatory trade measures. The post 20 company reactions — good and bad — to Trump’s tariff war appeared first on FreightWaves.
Caterpillar said Wednesday it anticipates that tariffs may increase its second-quarter costs by up to $350 million as its first-quarter sales slipped on declining demand for its equipment.  On Tuesday Trump signed an order relaxing some U.S. tariffs on imports of autos and auto parts.  In the first quarter, Caterpillar's revenue dropped to $14.25 billion from $15.8 billion a year earlier.
Caterpillar witnesses lower revenues and earnings in Q1 due to weak volumes in all its segments.
Caterpillar earnings missed views. The Dow Jones earthmoving giant sees a Trump tariffs impact but also stuck to its 2025 sales forecast.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust’s other stock picks. Bill Gates has invested billions of dollars in stocks […]
Former Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren says a US recession is likely this summer unless the Trump administration pulls back on its tariff policy. He expects the Federal Reserve to move slowly until it's apparent "what the inflation and employment shocks are." He speaks on "Bloomberg Surveillance."
Cat missed top- and bottom-line estimates, but investors were braced for a disappointing quarter.  The company is likely to feel pressure on both supply and demand due to tariffs, meaning patience will be required from investors.  Caterpillar (NYSE: CAT) reported weaker-than-expected first-quarter results and lowered full-year guidance.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Bears Got ‘Pantsed’ & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where AppLovin Corporation (NASDAQ:APP) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the impact […]