Equipment maker Caterpillar says tariffs may increase its Q2 costs by up to $350 million
2025-04-30 12-50
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/equipment-maker-caterpillar-says-tariffs-125018736.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Caterpillar said Wednesday it anticipates that tariffs may increase its second-quarter costs by up to $350 million as its first-quarter sales slipped on declining demand for its equipment.
A lot of uncertainty remains over President Donald Trump's trade war. On Tuesday Trump signed an order relaxing some U.S. tariffs on imports of autos and auto parts. But it remains unclear what impact Trump’s broader tariffs will have on the U.S. economy
In the first quarter, Caterpillar's revenue dropped to $14.25 billion from $15.8 billion a year earlier. The performance fell short of the $14.54 billion that analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research were expecting.
Sales volume dropped by $1.1 billion. Dealer inventories rose by $100 million in the quarter, significantly down from the $1.4 billion increase in the prior-year period.
Caterpillar earned $2 billion, or $4.20 per share, for the three months ended March 31. A year earlier the Irving, Texas-based company earned $2.86 billion, or $5.75 per share.
Removing restructuring costs, earnings were $4.25 per share. That missed then $4.30 per share that Wall Street was looking for.
Earlier this month Caterpillar Inc. announced that Chairman and CEO D. James Umpleby III will become its executive chairman on May 1. Chief Operating Officer Joseph Creed will succeed Umpleby as CEO and become a board member.
Umpleby served as CEO for eight years.
For the second quarter, Caterpillar said it foresees its sales being similar to the prior-year period. When accounting for the cost impact of current tariff levels for the rest of the year, the company anticipates full-year sales will be down slightly compared with a year earlier, which is in line with its previous expectations.
Shares rose more than 3% before the market open on Wednesday.
Conestoga Capital Advisors, an asset management company, released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Equity markets started the year with a rally due to optimism about a strong economy and expectations of moderating inflation and lower interest rates. However, concerns over slowing earnings from major Technology companies, geopolitical […]
Conestoga Capital Advisors, an asset management company, released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Equity markets started the year with a rally due to optimism about a strong economy and expectations of moderating inflation and lower interest rates. However, concerns over slowing earnings from major Technology companies, geopolitical […]
Barclays’s traders had a blowout first quarter, as market volatility began to stir ahead of President Trump’s April 2 “Liberation Day” tariffs.  Barclays reported forecast-beating profit Wednesday, boosted by a 27% rise in adjusted income from stock trading.  Revenue from fixed income, currency and commodity trading surged 21%, beating a 5% rise at U.S. peers.
OTTAWA (Reuters) -Canada's gross domestic product contracted by 0.2% in February on a monthly basis for the first time since November as activities across mining, oil and gas and construction sectors shrunk, data showed on Wednesday.  While a part of the decline was due to bad weather conditions and snowstorms across provinces in February, the Bank of Canada and economists have predicted that growth will continue to totter in the coming months due to the impact of U.S. tariffs.  U.S. President Donald Trump's constant threat of tariffs forced many to bring forward purchases, which can be seen in an uptick in manufacturing numbers in February.
SAO PAULO (Reuters) -Brazilian motor maker WEG reported a 16.4% year-on-year rise in its first-quarter net profit on Wednesday, but fell short of market expectations as it warned about global uncertainties, leading its shares to tumble by more than 10%.  WEG's net profit in the January-March period reached 1.54 billion reais ($274 million), it said in a securities filing, while analysts polled by LSEG expected a bottom line of 1.78 billion reais.  WEG, which has operations in over 40 countries and plants in 17, acknowledged there is uncertainty in the geopolitical landscape, saying that although demand remains positive, the "global macroeconomic scenario requires attention."
Stanley Black & Decker raised prices in April to offset tariffs, and plans to do so again in July. In response to the Trump administration's tariff campaign, the maker of DeWalt power tools and Craftsman wrenches introduced a high-single-digit percentage price increase in its U.
Caterpillar (CAT) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -1.16% and 2.01%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Caterpillar estimates the Trump administration's tariffs will add $250 million to $350 million in additional costs this quarter.  "We'd like to see a little more clarity," said Joe Creed, who will become chief executive on Thursday.  Creed said the company is cutting back on discretionary spending and slowing some shipments of imported products that would face tariffs.
Here’s a sector-by-sector breakdown of how major players are reacting to the mounting pressure of tariffs and retaliatory trade measures. The post 20 company reactions — good and bad — to Trump’s tariff war appeared first on FreightWaves.
The U.S. economy contracted at a rate of 0.3% in the first quarter of 2025, according to an estimate released on Wednesday by the Bureau of Economic Analysis.