Caterpillar Expects Tariffs to Cost Up to $350 Million This Quarter
2025-04-30 14-30
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/636d4eae-da54-3413-ab5a-eb16255a00a0/caterpillar-expects-tariffs.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The machinery maker posted a profit of $2 billion, or $4.20 a share, compared with $2.86 billion, or $5.75 a share, in the same quarter a year earlier.
Caterpillar (CAT) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -1.16% and 2.01%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Here’s a sector-by-sector breakdown of how major players are reacting to the mounting pressure of tariffs and retaliatory trade measures. The post 20 company reactions — good and bad — to Trump’s tariff war appeared first on FreightWaves.
Caterpillar said Wednesday it anticipates that tariffs may increase its second-quarter costs by up to $350 million as its first-quarter sales slipped on declining demand for its equipment.  On Tuesday Trump signed an order relaxing some U.S. tariffs on imports of autos and auto parts.  In the first quarter, Caterpillar's revenue dropped to $14.25 billion from $15.8 billion a year earlier.
Caterpillar witnesses lower revenues and earnings in Q1 due to weak volumes in all its segments.
Caterpillar earnings missed views. The Dow Jones earthmoving giant sees a Trump tariffs impact but also stuck to its 2025 sales forecast.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust’s other stock picks. Bill Gates has invested billions of dollars in stocks […]
Cat missed top- and bottom-line estimates, but investors were braced for a disappointing quarter.  The company is likely to feel pressure on both supply and demand due to tariffs, meaning patience will be required from investors.  Caterpillar (NYSE: CAT) reported weaker-than-expected first-quarter results and lowered full-year guidance.
Caterpillar (CAT) on Wednesday reported first-quarter results below Wall Street's estimates, while t
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The U.S. Treasury's primary dealers say they would prefer to end the federal debt ceiling, as it likely increases debt service costs and market volatility and may hurt the dollar's reserve asset status, minutes of the Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee (TBAC) showed on Wednesday.  "The Committee expressed that its preferred option would be for Congress to delegate broad authority to the administration to borrow as necessary to fund government obligations," the TBAC said in the minutes from its quarterly refunding meeting held on Tuesday.  Treasury debt yields surged this month after Trump announced punishing "reciprocal" tariffs on many countries on April 2.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...