Caterpillar Announces Virtual 2025 Shareholder Meeting
2025-04-30 18-03
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-announces-virtual-2025-shareholder-180300257.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
IRVING, Texas, April 30, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) will hold a virtual annual shareholder meeting Wednesday, June 11 at 8 a.m. CDT.
Shareholders owning Caterpillar common stock at the close of business on April 14, or their legal proxy holders, are entitled to participate, submit questions and vote on several items at the virtual annual meeting. Attendance and registration details, as well as information on items of business to be addressed at the meeting, can be found on page 83 in Caterpillar's 2025 proxy statement at www.caterpillar.com/proxymaterials.
About CaterpillarWith 2024 sales and revenues of $64.8 billion, Caterpillar Inc. is the world's leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. For 100 years, we've been helping customers build a better, more sustainable world and are committed and contributing to a reduced-carbon future. Our innovative products and services, backed by our global dealer network, provide exceptional value that helps customers succeed. Caterpillar does business on every continent, principally operating through three primary segments – Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation – and providing financing and related services through our Financial Products segment. Visit us at caterpillar.com or join the conversation on our social media channels at caterpillar.com/en/news/social-media.html.
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/caterpillar-announces-virtual-2025-shareholder-meeting-302443109.html
SOURCE Caterpillar Inc.
Trimble (TRMB) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
The machinery maker posted a profit of $2 billion, or $4.20 a share, compared with $2.86 billion, or $5.75 a share, in the same quarter a year earlier.
Caterpillar witnesses lower revenues and earnings in Q1 due to weak volumes in all its segments.
Cat missed top- and bottom-line estimates, but investors were braced for a disappointing quarter.  The company is likely to feel pressure on both supply and demand due to tariffs, meaning patience will be required from investors.  Caterpillar (NYSE: CAT) reported weaker-than-expected first-quarter results and lowered full-year guidance.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Here are the essential steps for stock traders to get from start to finish.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...