Caterpillar Offers Two Full-Year Outlook Scenarios Amid Tariffs as First-Quarter Results Trail Views
2025-04-30 13-16
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-offers-two-full-outlook-131616967.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Caterpillar (CAT) on Wednesday reported first-quarter results below Wall Street's estimates, while t
At its peak, LoveRaw generated revenues of £3m ($4m) and sold its products in 13,000 retail outlets across 25 countries.
SAO PAULO (Reuters) -Brazilian motor maker WEG reported a 16.4% year-on-year rise in its first-quarter net profit on Wednesday, but fell short of market expectations as it warned about global uncertainties, leading its shares to tumble by more than 10%.  WEG's net profit in the January-March period reached 1.54 billion reais ($274 million), it said in a securities filing, while analysts polled by LSEG expected a bottom line of 1.78 billion reais.  WEG, which has operations in over 40 countries and plants in 17, acknowledged there is uncertainty in the geopolitical landscape, saying that although demand remains positive, the "global macroeconomic scenario requires attention."
Brendan Coughlin, meanwhile, was named Citizens' president. John Woods' exit from the bank appears to solidify Coughlin's status as a potential CEO successor.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Canadian National Railway Company (NYSE:CNI) stands against Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust’s other stock picks. Bill Gates has invested billions of dollars […]
We recently published a list of 11 Best Performing Cybersecurity Stocks So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cognyte Software Ltd. (NASDAQ:CGNT) stands against other best performing cybersecurity stocks so far in 2025. While the Trump administration’s shifting tariff policy, which includes the announcement of steep […]
Let’s be honest. If you’re still relying solely on the spot market to run your business in 2025, you’re not building a business—you’re gambling with your livelihood. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: The spot market load board is not a business model. It’s a temporary solution. In a recent Playbook Masterclass, […] The post Masterclass Recap: How to Go Direct and Ditch the Spot Market (Part 1) appeared first on FreightWaves.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust’s other stock picks. Bill Gates has invested billions of dollars in stocks […]
“Advertising did not roll over” for Alphabet (GOOG) in the first quarter, and that development bodes well for Meta (META), prominent investor Stephanie Link said on CNBC on Friday. Link, the Chief Investment Strategist of Hightower Advisors, noted that she had been purchasing META stock for some time and that she had bought more shares […]
Sonal Desai, fixed income CIO at Franklin Templeton, discusses the US Treasury market and says the window is narrowing to escape an inevitable US recession.
Bitcoin recently hit a price of $95,000 for the first time in two months, signaling a potential recovery.  More investors are now viewing Bitcoin as a potential hedge and long-term store of value.  After weeks of outflows, the spot Bitcoin ETFs are beginning to see significant inflows.