Why Caterpillar Stock Crawled Higher on Thursday
2025-05-01 23-02
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/01/why-caterpillar-stock-crawled-higher-on-thursday/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
As nearly any investor can attest, one trading day can mean quite a difference for a stock.
So it was with industrial vehicle maker Caterpillar (CAT 1.49%) on Thursday; after being sold off following disappointing quarterly earnings posted the day before, the stock staged a mini-rally to close almost 2% higher. This was thanks to a pair of post-earnings analyst recommendation upgrades, which brought a fresh wave of optimism to the stock. 
Of the two, the more bullish was the upgrade enacted by Oppenheimer pundit Noah Kaye. In his view, Caterpillar now rates an outperform (buy, in other words), up from his previous tag of perform (hold). Kaye's price target is $395 per share, anticipating considerable upside of nearly 26% on the stock's most recent closing level. 
According to reports, Kaye felt that Caterpillar's first-quarter performance was better than many expected despite the company's double miss on analyst revenue and profitability estimates. He wrote that this shows the company's business is resilient, especially considering the relatively wobbly state of the global economy. He also feels that the company's share buyback policy will support the stock price.
A more cautious upgrade came from Baird's Mircea Dobre, who only lifted his Caterpillar recommendation to neutral from underperform (i.e., sell) while raising his price target by $9 per share to $309. Although the company isn't priced compellingly enough for a buy, according to reports, Dobre feels there is some potential in the energy and transportation and data center segments of its market. 
At the end of the day, Caterpillar's business is cyclical and heavily dependent on the fortunes of the industries it serves. Yet management is good at socking away for rainy days, and the company's business is robust enough to survive the inevitable dips. This doesn't look like a big money-spinning stock to me, but it could notch some decent gains in the near future.
Before you buy Caterpillar, you should know this:
The Motley Fool’s analysts are tracking a massive shift in U.S. tech. Over $1.5 trillion is already flowing into infrastructure, AI, and advanced manufacturing… and the number keeps climbing.
It’s all being driven by a short-term tariff pause that could expire any day. And while Caterpillar might look like a smart move, we think the real winner is a company 1/100th the size of NVIDIA.
It builds the tech infrastructure that Apple, OpenAI, and others suddenly can’t live without. We just released a full write-up on this under-the-radar stock to all Stock Advisor members — and why now might be the exact moment to move.
Continue ›
Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.