Caterpillar Says Tariffs May Cost Up to $350 Million This Quarter
2025-04-30 15-39
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/31e31b8c-c673-3cbb-b50f-8939cefc4aba/caterpillar-says-tariffs-may.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Caterpillar estimates the Trump administration's tariffs will add $250 million to $350 million in additional costs this quarter. "We'd like to see a little more clarity," said Joe Creed, who will become chief executive on Thursday. Creed said the company is cutting back on discretionary spending and slowing some shipments of imported products that would face tariffs.
Caterpillar (CAT) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -1.16% and 2.01%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Caterpillar said Wednesday it anticipates that tariffs may increase its second-quarter costs by up to $350 million as its first-quarter sales slipped on declining demand for its equipment.  On Tuesday Trump signed an order relaxing some U.S. tariffs on imports of autos and auto parts.  In the first quarter, Caterpillar's revenue dropped to $14.25 billion from $15.8 billion a year earlier.
Here’s a sector-by-sector breakdown of how major players are reacting to the mounting pressure of tariffs and retaliatory trade measures. The post 20 company reactions — good and bad — to Trump’s tariff war appeared first on FreightWaves.
Caterpillar witnesses lower revenues and earnings in Q1 due to weak volumes in all its segments.
Caterpillar earnings missed views. The Dow Jones earthmoving giant sees a Trump tariffs impact but also stuck to its 2025 sales forecast.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust’s other stock picks. Bill Gates has invested billions of dollars in stocks […]
AC Immune (ACIU) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 4.55% and 3.42%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Starbucks saw sales inch higher in its fiscal second quarter, but substantial cost increases caused an even larger drop in earnings than most had projected.  CEO Brian Niccol tried to maintain investor confidence in the Back to Starbucks strategic plan despite worries about macroeconomic pressures.  Starbucks' fiscal second-quarter report for the period ended March 30 didn't give investors everything they had hoped to see.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.