Why Caterpillar Stock Is Volatile Today
2025-04-30 19-51
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/30/why-caterpillar-stock-is-volatile-today/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Caterpillar (CAT 1.49%) reported weaker-than-expected first-quarter results and lowered full-year guidance. But investors went into earnings season anticipating bad news from Cat, limiting the downside post-announcement.
Shares of Caterpillar actually opened up about 3% following the release before falling down 2% as of 2:30 p.m. ET.
Caterpillar is a world leader in heavy duty construction and mining equipment. The company is vulnerable to tariffs in several ways. Cat has a global supply chain and is likely to see costs go up. It also has to worry about tariffs causing an economic slowdown that eats into demand for its big ticket items.
The company earned $4.25 per share in the quarter on revenue of $14.25 billion, falling short of Wall Street's $4.35 per share in earnings on sales of $14.6 billion consensus estimate. Sales were down 10% year over year, and Caterpillar also warned that margins could be on the lower end of its previous 16% to 20% range for 2025 due to higher costs.
Caterpillar said the sales decline was due to weaker dealer restocking trends and pricing pressures. Sales of construction equipment led the decline, down 19% from a year ago.
Caterpillar has historically been a cyclical company, and investors looking at the economic tea leaves likely saw this weakness coming. Shares of Caterpillar were down 15% for the year heading into earnings season.
The good news for investors is Caterpillar's scale and strong balance sheet give the company plenty of cushion to weather the storm. The company generated $1.3 billion in operating cash flow in the quarter and paid out $4.3 billion in share repurchases and dividends, providing some reason for investors to be patient.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
The bad news is, with economic uncertainty still building, it is hard to see Caterpillar's business, and its stock, recovering any time soon. Investors buying in now are going to have to be patient.

 

Before you buy stock in Caterpillar, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Caterpillar wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $610,327!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $667,581!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025


Lou Whiteman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.