Caterpillar Gives Goods News About Trump Tariffs' Impact, But CAT Stock Fades
2025-04-30 14-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/de1f0c98-1ba4-35c6-a2c9-45a490163438/caterpillar-gives-goods-news.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Caterpillar earnings missed views. The Dow Jones earthmoving giant sees a Trump tariffs impact but also stuck to its 2025 sales forecast.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Salesforce Inc. (NYSE:CRM) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, is […]
Here’s a sector-by-sector breakdown of how major players are reacting to the mounting pressure of tariffs and retaliatory trade measures. The post 20 company reactions — good and bad — to Trump’s tariff war appeared first on FreightWaves.
Caterpillar (CAT) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -1.16% and 2.01%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
The machinery maker posted a profit of $2 billion, or $4.20 a share, compared with $2.86 billion, or $5.75 a share, in the same quarter a year earlier.
Caterpillar witnesses lower revenues and earnings in Q1 due to weak volumes in all its segments.
Supply chain businesses ranging from rail to trucking to warehousing saw layoffs and bankruptcies throughout April, as tariffs and other economic factors slam freight markets. The post Bankruptcies and layoffs slam wide range of transportation companies appeared first on FreightWaves.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust’s other stock picks. Bill Gates has invested billions of dollars in stocks […]
Tesla Chair Robyn Denholm denied a report that the board opened a CEO search to replace Elon Musk.  Tesla stock rose Thursday morning.  About a month ago, Tesla's board reached out to search firms to begin a process to replacing Musk as CEO, The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday night.
Caterpillar said Wednesday it anticipates that tariffs may increase its second-quarter costs by up to $350 million as its first-quarter sales slipped on declining demand for its equipment.  On Tuesday Trump signed an order relaxing some U.S. tariffs on imports of autos and auto parts.  In the first quarter, Caterpillar's revenue dropped to $14.25 billion from $15.8 billion a year earlier.
Illinois Tool Works topped earnings expectations, but revenue was down year over year.  Illinois Tool Works (NYSE: ITW) managed to top expectations for the quarter, but tariffs and macroeconomic concerns are weighing on the company.