Title: Hedge Fund Veteran Set to Lead Trump’s Sanctions Strategy
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 17-26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hedge-fund-veteran-set-lead-105830582.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
(Bloomberg) -- A low-profile hedge fund executive who’s among the dozens of disciples tracing their roots to the late investing legend Julian Robertson is poised to become the face of the Trump administration’s sanctions strategy.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Midtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall Collapse
In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
Helicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple Fatalities
Inside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick Collection
If confirmed after his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday, John Hurley will lead the Treasury Department’s terrorism and financial intelligence arm, a pivotal post that tackles everything from terrorist financing to money laundering and drug cartels.
The role, which oversees some 1,000 employees, has gained prominence in the past decade as Washington ramped up sanctions as a preferred tool to target adversaries. Moves by TFI, as the unit’s called, have particular relevance to commodities traders as any hint of the US adjusting restrictions on oil-rich nations like Russia, Iran and Venezuela can swing the market.
“The TFI role is one of the most powerful positions in the US government,” said Justyna Gudzowska, a former Treasury official who’s now executive director of The Sentry, which monitors corruption and human rights issues. “Although the under secretary does not command an army, he has a powerful arsenal of economic statecraft tools at his disposal.”
As they’ve increased in prevalence, sanctions in recent years have a mixed record in achieving US foreign policy goals. They’re credited with bringing Iran to the negotiating table for the 2015 nuclear deal and costing Russia hundreds of billions of dollars after its full-scale invasion of Ukraine. But they’ve often had adverse effects, inflicting greater pain on civilians while agitating allies opposed to their unilateral use.
In his hearing, Hurley touted the “huge success” of the first Trump administration’s maximum pressure strategy on Iran. He emphasized the importance of engaging with international allies and banks to properly implement any restrictions, and said he’d tighten focus on Chinese entities that could be exploiting critical US technology.
Tiger Grand Cub
After graduating with honors from Princeton, Hurley served in the First Gulf War, where he oversaw battlefield communications systems, later earning a Bronze Star. A Stanford MBA propelled him into the world of finance, first at Fidelity Investments and then Bowman Capital Management, which became one of the West Coast’s top tech hedge funds under Tiger Management veteran Lawrence Bowman.
In 2002, Hurley founded Cavalry Asset Management — a nod to his military service — making a name for himself with early wagers on many of the so-called Magnificent Seven tech stocks, such as Microsoft Corp. Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc. and Nvidia Corp.
Like many Tiger Cubs and Tiger Grand Cubs — as Robertson’s proteges are known — he favored concentrated long-term bets over the multi-strategy style in vogue today, according to Michael Tierney, a former investor who worked with Hurley at Bowman and Cavalry.
Three years ago, Hurley was tapped for the inaugural board of the America’s Frontier Fund — an effort backed by billionaires including Peter Thiel and Eric Schmidt to support tech breakthroughs deemed of national interest.
“John’s an extremely intelligent guy,” said Kurt Lanzavecchia, an Austin-based money manager who worked for Hurley at Bowman and Cavalry. “His secret sauce was analyzing the entire supply chain to understand who benefits from changes in technology.”
A Treasury spokesperson said Hurley’s successful track record as a market practitioner, decorated combat veteran, supply chain expert and academic makes him well qualified for the role. Hurley didn’t respond to a request for comment.
Nominees must divest holdings that can potentially pose a conflict of interest, usually within 90 days of confirmation although longer for more complex assets. Hurley could sell his stake in Cavalry or follow the example of Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, who said he’d wind down his hedge fund Key Square Capital Management.
China Lens
Unlike the job’s most recent occupants — Sigal Mandelker, Justin Muzinich, Brian Nelson and Brad Smith — Hurley has no formal legal training nor is he from the tight-knit world of professionals focused on countering illicit finance.
But his experience in Asia — Cavalry had offices in Taipei and Hong Kong — could help him see national security issues through the lens of China, which many Trump officials have pegged as Washington’s biggest long-term threat. Hurley has also been part of informal “track two” diplomacy initiatives between retired US and Chinese military officials.
Among the core challenges that recent US administrations have wrestled with is calibrating the right balance between leveraging the tools of economic warfare while maintaining the dollar’s status as the global reserve currency, with the Chinese yuan seen as one alternative.
Last year, China was the second-most targeted jurisdiction for US financial sanctions and faced more entity-based export controls than any nation, according to an analysis by the Washington-based Center for a New American Security.
Since President Donald Trump’s return to office, Washington has signaled its desire to cut off Iran’s oil exports, set a deadline for Chevron Corp. to halt its Venezuela operations and quietly tightened restrictions on Russia’s energy industry. His administration rattled markets in recent days by unveiling tariff rates of up to 50% on dozens of countries.
Bloomberg News reported last month that the president’s advisers are sketching out potential Russia sanctions he could lift or tweak — including the oil price cap — if there’s progress in talks with Moscow on ending its war in Ukraine.
Hurley echoed that sentiment on Thursday when asked about seeking to cease the fighting.
“If President Putin is resisting, I’d expect the president to look to me and the rest of the interagency to apply more pressure,” he said. “And to the extent that we’re heading in a better direction, they’ll look to us to potentially relieve pressure.”
--With assistance from Bill Allison.
(Updates with Hurley’s comments in sixth and final two paragraphs.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Timing the market amid the recent tariff-fueled volatility is hard even for stock pickers buying shares of the companies they know best—themselves.  A case in point: CarMax, the used-car dealer, which today announced quarterly earnings that missed analysts’ estimates.  CarMax said it repurchased 1.2 million shares of common stock for $98.5 million, or about $82 a share, last quarter.
CarMax shares slid after the used-car retailer missed earnings expectations and said it could no longer give a time frame for financial goals it has been working toward for years.  Shares sank about 20% as of about midday Thursday, on pace for their biggest one-day drop since September 2022.
The company points to the "potential impact of broader macro factors."
Shares of  CarMax  sank Thursday after the used-car dealer reported fiscal-fourth-quarter earnings that missed expectations and management sounded the alarm about the looming impact of auto tariffs.  The tariff will expand to imported car parts starting May 3, making it more expensive to assemble vehicles in the United States.  “I think it will it will push some folks into looking at used cars, late model used cars, which is interesting because that’s what we’re seeing a lot of interest in right now,” CarMax CEO William Nash said Thursday.
The sneaker business illustrates how Trump's tariffs on imports will raise costs for businesses and consumers while generating no new American jobs, for a net loss to the US economy.
Shares of lung cancer-focused biotech Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT) rallied 16.6% at its highs of the day before settling into a 10.4% gain on Thursday as of 3:54 p.m. EDT, even though the broader markets were down significantly on the day at that time, including the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF (NYSEMKT: XBI), which was down 4.4%.  The interesting news for Summit was that two insiders exercised warrants on Summit's stock yesterday, which most interpreted as being highly bullish.  What is notable is that the Co-CEOs exercised these warrants, forcing them to buy $6.3 million worth of shares, about four and a half years before the warrants' expiration in December of 2029.
Shares of Nvidia, Apple, and Tesla fall sharply Thursday after each stock soared double-digits Wednesday following President Donald Trump’s move to pause most reciprocal tariffs for 90 days. U.S. Steel, meanwhile, slumps after Trump says he wants the steel maker to remain an American company.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Bolstered by Broader Market Cheer. In this article, we are going to take a look at where VF Corporation (NYSE:VFC) stands against other stocks that bolstered by broader market cheer. The stock market bounced back from hefty losses on Wednesday, with all Wall Street indices finishing in […]
Texas Capital (TCBI) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions could translate into further price increase in the near term.
Camden (CPT) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in FFO estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
