Title: Google Pledges $75 Billion to Expand Data Centers Despite Tariff Concerns
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 14-00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/google-pledges-75-billion-expand-140025333.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
April 10 - Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is gearing up for a major spend, reaffirming its plans to pour about $75 billion into its data center and server infrastructure.
At the Google Cloud Next Conference 2025, CEO Sundar Pichai explained that the hefty capex will mainly support upgrades for its AI compute and cloud services. He also mentioned that the company is set to launch its Cloud Wide Area Network, Cloud WAN, which promises over 40% faster performance and similar cost savings. This new network will soon be available to Google Cloud customers.
The announcement comes amid fresh concerns over U.S. tariffs. President Trump recently signaled a temporary easing on some high tariffs, even as pressure on China ramps up, sparking some uncertainty in the tech sector.
Other major players, like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Meta (NASDAQ:META) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), have already invested billions in similar upgrades last quarter and are expected to follow suit in 2025. In a market where infrastructure is king, Alphabet's bold move reflects its confidence in future growth despite the current tariff challenges.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
Crude inventories increased by 2.6mbbl to 442.3mbbl for the week ending 4 April.
Paccar (PCAR) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other AI stocks investors are watching today. Tech experts strongly believe that the new tariffs could potentially slow down the AI boom. “The AI Revolution […]
(Bloomberg) -- Oil prices surged for the first time since US President Donald Trump launched a trade war against most of America’s trading partners as some countries won a brief reprieve on Wednesday. Global benchmark Brent crude advanced above $65 a barrel after plunging for four sessions and slipping below $60 for the first time since 2021. West Texas Intermediate climbed to above $61. Trump announced a 90-day pause on higher reciprocal tariffs that hit dozens of trade partners after midnight.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Insiders Sold in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Zai Lab Limited (NASDAQ:ZLAB) stands against other stocks that insiders sold in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. Last week, President Donald Trump signed an executive order imposing […]
One of the most intriguing growth opportunities for Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG)(NASDAQ: GOOGL) these days is in robotaxis, via its Waymo business.  This year alone, Alphabet expects to spend $75 billion on building out its AI infrastructure.
The stock market ripped higher Wednesday—and chip stocks are a poster child for the rally.  President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs except for China, while keeping the baseline 10% rate on all imports to the U.S. in place.
Is the grass greener on the other side? We’re not sure, but the sky is most certainly bluer. It’s been over two years since Elon Musk purchased Twitter, now X, leading people to set up shop on alternative platforms. Mastodon, Post, Pebble (two of which have already shuttered operations) and Spill have been presented as potential replacements, but few aside from Meta’s Threads have achieved the speed of growth Bluesky has reached. As of February 2025, Bluesky has surpassed 30 million users. Its g
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
