Title: Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)_ Jim Cramer Says Generative AI Poses ‘Existential Threat’ to Google Search
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 16-28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-googl-jim-cramer-162857189.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Calls Market Decline ‘Man-Made’ and Breaks Down 15 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
On Monday, April 7th, Jim Cramer opened the Mad Money episode with a message of calm in the midst of chaos. After nine straight lower openings and another bruising session for stocks, Cramer made it clear that while the pain is real. He acknowledged the likelihood of a recession but rejected the notion that we were on the brink of another global financial collapse, saying:
“Do we have a problem that’s systemic meaning there’s actual weakness in our a rot in our institutions that can’t easily be undone? Now my partner David Faber and I discussed this very point this morning and we agreed that we needed to take the financial crisis scenario off the table because our institutions are strong, and we don’t believe that the whole economic system is in jeopardy. We don’t believe that major banks will fail, we definitely don’t like this situation for heaven’s sake. It’s likely we’re headed for a recession because of the president’s ill-advised plans, but we’ll pull out of it one way or another. It’s not going to be the global financial crisis number two.”
READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks and Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 10 Stocks in Focus
Rather than being caused by inflation, interest rates, or even earnings weakness, Cramer insisted the market’s decline was driven by leadership decisions. He called the downturn “man-made,” emphasizing that it could be reversed just as easily as it began, if the administration changed course:
“Then we get back to the approximate cause of the decline: it’s all man-made! Wall Street’s terrified by the tariffs but we have an arbitrary material president who can declare victory, roll these tariffs back with the stroke of [inaudible] and then where would we be? We would have bought nothing. And at some point, the White House won’t be able to tolerate a crashing stock market.”
What concerned Cramer most was the deeper agenda behind the tariffs. In his view, the administration wasn’t just trying to rebalance trade but to reverse decades of globalization, forcing companies to return manufacturing to U.S. soil — even if that meant permanent economic disruption.
“The job isn’t just to coerce China; it’s to cause US manufacturers to come back here. Away from Vietnam, that’s why Vietnam had that huge tariff. Those are two agenda items that not just one that’s important it means there’s no possible negotiation because that would encourage companies not to come back here. Sure, the tariffs could raise some revenue or promote domestic manufacturing, but they can’t reverse history, and Trump wants to reverse history. It’s a tall order – an ill-advised one – he wants to do it quickly.”
Finally, Cramer laid out the daunting checklist of what would need to happen for the current strategy to succeed:
“There are many things that have to go right for Trump to successfully reorder the global economy in order to bring back domestic manufacturing and bring China to its knees. First the high tariffs can’t cause a spike in inflation or else the Fed won’t be able to bail us out with rate cuts. Second, he has to negotiate new trade deals very quickly for congressional members who are supposed to control the tariffs wake up. The lower the market goes the more likely the Republicans in Congress actually throw the president’s agenda under the bus. Third, he has to do it without causing a big spike in unemployment. I think if he does get all three, he isn’t going to press his bet with these tariffs, instead, he’ll find some reason to declare victory and roll them back. which is why the market didn’t collapse today.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 15 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 7. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A user's hands typing a search query into a Google Search box, emphasizing the company's search capabilities.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 174
Jim Cramer explained why his Charitable Trust had fully exited its position in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and categorized the stock in the bottom tier of the Magnificent 7. He cited concerns about generative AI threatening Google’s core search business and broader macro risks tied to advertising. He said the following:
“The bottom tier of the Magnificent 7 names start with Alphabet stock that we just sold out of entirely for our charitable trust.  My main concern, I think generative AI may pose an existential threat to their core search business. I think many younger people are bypassing Google entirely and going straight to ChatGPT. Google Search is a $200 billion a year business! Plus, if the tariffs cause a recession, this is another advertising-based business that will get crushed. I think it’s more vulnerable than Meta.
Jim Cramer said something similar about Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) on April 1st, after a caller asked him why he doesn’t consider the company a buy anymore:
“I’ve left Google now. I didn’t leave it at the right price, I know that, but I left it because I don’t use Google other than for like the most simple historical [queries], because there’s other ones. I won’t go to Grok to find whether Hoover was president; I still use google for that. I just find myself using so many other things that I know I can’t be alone, and that’s what I worry about. I know YouTube’s doing well, though.”
Overall, GOOGL ranks 6th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOGL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
BROS' emphasis on innovation, customer loyalty and mobile ordering are likely to fuel growth. Yet, an uncertain macro environment ails.
The move comes amid U.S. President Donald Trump's drive to minimize federal spending through billionaire ally Elon Musk's DOGE government reform team, which is working to cancel contracts and shrink agencies.  The 71% discount as part of an agreement with the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) could generate up to $2 billion in cost savings for federal agencies if there is government-wide adoption, Google said on Thursday.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Calls Market Decline ‘Man-Made’ and Breaks Down 15 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Monday, April 7th, Jim Cramer opened the Mad Money episode with a message of […]
GreensKeeper Asset Management, an investment management company, released its first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Markets had a difficult start to 2025; with high levels of volatility in all of the main indices. The Value Fund finished the first quarter +3.0% net of fees and expenses net […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Tariff Pain Isn’t Over Yet And Reviews These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer dissected the […]
(Bloomberg) -- Persistent concerns that Alphabet Inc. has fallen behind in the artificial intelligence supremacy race has weighed on the stock this year, and not even the cheapest earnings multiple in about two years, or limited risk from tariffs, has been enough to entice investors.Widely seen as one of the major players in AI, Google’s parent company nevertheless continues to be dogged by the perception that it could lose market share to rivals like ChatGPT. Though it retains a dominant share
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
