Title: Google to Spend $75 Billion on AI Infrastructure Despite Tariff Tensions
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 13-48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/google-spend-75-billion-ai-134816774.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) is moving ahead with its plan to invest $75 billion in data center infrastructure, even as U.S. tariff policy shifts create uncertainty for hardware imports.
Speaking at the Google Cloud Next Conference 2025 on Wednesday, CEO Sundar Pichai said the company's 2025 capital expenditure will focus on expanding its data centers and server capacity to support artificial intelligence compute needs and its cloud business. This will support our customers across the board, he noted.
Pichai also introduced Google's Cloud Wide Area Network, or Cloud WAN, which will soon be available to global enterprise customers. He said the system leverages Google's global network, offering up to 40% faster application performance while cutting ownership costs by as much as 40%.
The move follows a fourth-quarter 2024 capex outlay of $14 billion, mainly allocated to infrastructure, including servers and data centers supporting Google Services, Cloud, and DeepMind. Alphabet's CFO Anat Ashkenazi shared those figures in February.
Despite rising hardware costs due to trade policy, Alphabet joins Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META), and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) in continuing large-scale infrastructure investments through 2025. Google Cloud executive Sachin Gupta told Reuters that while tariffs could raise input costs, customer demand still supports the expansion.
On the same day, President Trump announced a temporary easing of tariffs on dozens of countries, while tightening trade measures targeting China.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
During its Cloud Next conference this week, Google unveiled the latest generation of its TPU AI accelerator chip. The new chip, called Ironwood, is Google's seventh-generation TPU and is the first optimized for inference — that is, running AI models. Scheduled to launch sometime later this year for Google Cloud customers, Ironwood will come in two configurations: a 256-chip cluster and a 9,216-chip cluster. "Ironwood is our most powerful, capable, and energy-efficient TPU yet," Google Cloud VP A
Speaking at a Republican National Congressional Committee event, Trump criticized former President Joe Biden's administration for providing a $6.6 billion grant to TSMC's U.S. unit for semiconductor production in Phoenix, Arizona, saying semiconductor companies do not need the money.  "TSMC, I gave them no money ... all I did was say, if you don't build your plant here, you're going to pay a big tax," Trump said.  TSMC declined to comment.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
It might not be as much as you think.
Credit utilization is a big part of your credit score, and you should take steps to manage it well.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
