Title: 2 Growth Stocks to Buy in the Tariff-Fueled Market Correction
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 14-15
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/2-growth-stocks-to-buy-in-the-tariff-fueled-market/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=7cfb7af8-9bdf-43ae-bdea-a15cf46683c9&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
What should investors do during a market downturn? Some might resort to panic selling, but that's hardly a good strategy. Unless a company's investment thesis has changed because of recent developments, market downturns aren't a good enough reason for most investors to sell.
For those who can afford it without blowing their budget, it's actually a great idea to pick up shares of top companies on the dip during a correction. With that in mind, here are two excellent growth-oriented companies to buy in the ongoing market meltdown: tech giant Alphabet (GOOG -3.63%) (GOOGL -3.74%) and medical device maker DexCom (DXCM 0.70%).
President Donald Trump's tariffs threaten to send the economy into a recession. If that happens, Alphabet, Google's parent company, could suffer. Alphabet makes the bulk of its revenue from advertising. During challenging economic times, consumers and businesses spend less -- companies are likely to decrease their ad budgets, harming Alphabet's results. So the tech giant's near-term prospects seem uncertain, but investors looking at the next five years and beyond should consider pouncing on this opportunity.
Alphabet's long-term prospects remain intact thanks to its dominance in search, strong cloud computing and artificial intelligence (AI) businesses, and leadership in other markets like video streaming. To unpack just some of that, Alphabet is the runaway leader in online search. While some thought the rise of sophisticated AI chatbots would put a significant dent in its search empire, that turned out to be an opportunity for the company. Alphabet added an "AI overview" to its search results.
Alphabet is still generating massive ad revenue. The cloud segment is also on fire, driven by the increased adoption of various AI applications it offers. Furthermore, streaming still has miles of growth left, and Alphabet's YouTube is a leader in the niche. The company's cloud and video streaming businesses ended 2024 with a $110 billion annual run rate; it had expected to cross the $100 billion mark in these departments at the beginning of 2024.
Lastly, Alphabet benefits from a wide moat based in part on network effects from its search engine and YouTube, and an incredibly valuable brand name. The stock might indeed suffer in the short run depending on what happens to the economy, but it should still deliver outsized returns to patient investors. That's what makes Alphabet a top stock to buy in the correction.
DexCom could see its costs rise and its bottom line and margins shrink -- at least in the short run -- due to Trump's tariffs, since some of its manufacturing sites are spread worldwide to support its international expansion efforts. DexCom is still building new facilities in countries such as Ireland and Malaysia. That said, the diabetes-focused healthcare company also has significant manufacturing capacity in the U.S., where it generated 28% of its revenue in 2024.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
In my view, the medical device leader should be fine, even if tariffs force it to pass some of these higher expenses on to consumers. DexCom remains a leader in the market for continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems, which are devices that allow diabetes patients to track their blood glucose throughout the day. The adoption of this technology has been a significant growth driver for DexCom, yet plenty of growth fuel remains for at least three reasons.
First, third-party payers are increasingly opting to cover CGM devices, making more patients eligible for reimbursement. As the company's CEO, Kevin Sayer, said during its fourth-quarter earnings conference call: "In the past two years alone, reimbursement for CGM has significantly expanded as we've helped establish our clinical value well beyond insulin management."
Second, even among reimbursed patients, many have yet to opt for CGM in some markets, including the U.S.
Third, there are vast swaths of the world where CGM technology isn't yet accessible. As DexCom's main competitor, Abbott Laboratories, pointed out two years ago, only about 1% of adults with diabetes worldwide have access to CGM technology. While DexCom does not do business in many of those places, there's still significant room to reach new patients through expansion efforts, just as it has done throughout the years.
Lastly, the medical device specialist benefits from the network effect. The more its installed base of diabetes patients grows, the more third-party companies will make devices and accessories for diabetics compatible with DexCom's, including insulin pens, pumps, and more. So DexCom should remain a leader in this niche for a long time, and take advantage of the white space ahead while delivering excellent revenue and earnings growth.



Before you buy stock in Alphabet, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Alphabet wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Prosper Junior Bakiny has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Abbott Laboratories and Alphabet. The Motley Fool recommends DexCom and recommends the following options: long January 2027 $65 calls on DexCom and short January 2027 $75 calls on DexCom. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
