Title: Nvidia commits $500 billion to AI infrastructure buildout in US, will bring supercomputer production to Texas
Date: 2025-04-14 14:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-commits-500-billion-to-ai-infrastructure-buildout-in-us-will-bring-supercomputer-production-to-texas-143540782.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NVDA) on Monday said it willproduce up to $500 billion of AI infrastructurein the US within the next four years as the tech industry looks to bolster its domestic manufacturing footprint in the face ofTrump's approach to trade policyand desire to onshore more US heavy industry.
As part of this $500 billion commitment, Nvidiasaid it is building two new supercomputer manufacturing plants in Texasin partnership with contract manufacturers Foxconn (2354.TW) and Wistron (3231.TW).
Nvidia expects to mass-produce supercomputers at those sites in 12 to 15 months. The chipmaker said its latest Blackwell AI chips are already in production at TSMC's (TSM) plant in Phoenix.
Read more:How does Nvidia make money?
Nvidia declined to answer questions about which of its products will be built at the supercomputer factories in Texas.
The chipmaker's announcement follows commitments from Big Tech firms to bring manufacturing to the US as the Trump administration pursues aggressive tariffs that could have massive cost implications for global tech supply chains.
Read more:The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
Since Trump took office, Apple (AAPL)has committed to investing $500 billion in the USover the next four years. Contract chip manufacturerTSMC has committed to spending $100 billionover a similar time frame.
Microsoft (MSFT)said it would spend $80 billionin 2025, with half of this investment focused on the US. Meta (META)has said the company will spend up to $65 billion in 2025, with a chunk of that cash going toward building a massive data center in Louisiana roughly the size of Manhattan.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in the company's announcement Monday: "The engines of the world's AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time."
The executive hadhinted that Nvidia would increase its US manufacturing capacity in near futureduring the company's annual GTC event as it looks to avoid tariffs.
"We're preparing and we have been preparing to manufacture onshore," Huang told analysts in a call during the company's annual conference on March 19.
Trump said on Sunday that heplans to announce a tariff on semiconductor imports"and numerous other things" this week. His commentary came shortly after the administration over the weekend issuedreciprocal tariff exemptions for key technology imports, such as GPUs and AI servers.
Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
China’s suspension of critical rare earth minerals exports to the US could become a major headache for US companies, particularly automakers like Tesla, GM, and Rivian.
A Verve Therapeutics treatment was found to cut cholesterol levels by more than half—with just one shot. The stock jumped Monday.
President Trump said he was considering short-term tariff exemptions for auto companies in the Oval Office on Monday. He said he exempted smartphones from recent tariffs.
President Trump said he is looking at some short-term tariff exemptions to help car companies and said he exempted smartphones and certain electronics from recent tariffs in order to help U.S. smartphone makers, including Apple.  On autos, Trump says he’s considering the exemptions for car companies that are looking to switch making parts from Canada and Mexico to the U.S.  “I’m looking at something to help some of the car companies,” Trump told reporters at the White House, without giving any additional details.
The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.
Nvidia on Monday announced plans to build supercomputers entirely in the U.S., with the chipmaker and its partners set to invest up to $500 billion in American AI infrastructure.
President Donald Trump on Monday suggested that he might temporarily exempt the auto industry from tariffs he previously imposed on the sector, to give carmakers time to adjust their supply chains.  “I’m looking at something to help some of the car companies with it,” Trump told reporters gathered in the Oval Office.  The statement hinted at yet another round of reversals on tariffs as Trump's onslaught of import taxes has panicked financial markets and raised deep concerns from Wall Street economists about a possible recession.
(Bloomberg) -- Global technology stocks climbed Monday after the Trump administration provided crucial albeit fleeting tariff relief for battered electronics and semiconductor makers.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortagePresident Donald Trump on Friday published measures ex
A rising percentage of Americans are concerned about the labor market outlook as unemployment expectations reached their highest level since the pandemic in March.
We recently published a list of Top 10 Stocks in Ken Griffin’s Portfolio to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) stands against other top stocks in Ken Griffin’s portfolio to buy according to analysts. Ken Griffin is one billionaire […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.