Title: Why Palantir, Apple, and Micron Rallied Monday
Date: 2025-04-14 16:36
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/14/why-palantir-apple-and-micron-rallied-monday/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=e9288df6-5f31-4d6b-b382-c4f15821d69c&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Investors got some tech-centric good news on the tariff front.
The continuing threat of a far-reaching trade war and on-again, off-againtariffshas sparked historic volatility in the stock market in recent weeks. The dour mood resulting from ongoing correction has been offset by waves of euphoria, with investors latching onto any positive developments to bid up stocks from recent lows. A bit of good news over the weekend sparked a broad-based rally to kick off the week.
With that as a backdrop,artificial intelligence (AI)specialistPalantir Technologies(PLTR5.30%)surged 4.6%, semiconductor supplierMicron Technology(MU2.93%)jumped 2.6%, and iPhone makerApple(AAPL3.79%)rallied 2.4%, as of 11:52 a.m. ET on Monday.
Image source: Getty Images.
A memo was released by U.S. Customs and Border Protection late Friday, which granted a temporary exclusion from the 145% tariffs on certain electronics from China. The excluded products included smartphones, semiconductors, and chipmaking equipment. The move appeared to be a step in the right direction, as investors have feared that a protracted and far-reaching trade war could stifle the adoption of AI.
In response to this move, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives said that by taking this step, the White House "took the doomsday scenario off the table, and tech stocks will rally tomorrow as investors can now breathe a sigh of relief."
The certainty was short-lived, as the Trump administration appeared to backpedal in the days that followed. In an interview this weekend, Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick said the exemption was only temporary, and tariffs would be hitting electronics over the next couple of months, which would include smartphones and computers.
President Trump sought to clarify his stance Monday morning, saying these products would not be exempted, but instead, "they are just moving to a different Tariff 'bucket.'"
In a bit of late-breaking company-specific news this morning, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) announced in a press release that it had finalized the acquisition of Palantir's Maven Smart System, which would be deployed at NATO's Allied Command Operations military headquarters. The announcement noted that the sale was completed on March 25.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is796%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to155%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE) and NATO are using Palantir's system as a springboard to adopt a range of state-of-the-art systems, "including new, emerging AI models, and modeling and simulation."
Some investors feared that Palantir's future results could be negatively affected by spending cuts by the U.S. Department of Defense. However, the ongoing push for more efficient and effective warfighting capabilities by the U.S. and its allies suggests that Palantir could actually be a beneficiary of the modernization efforts by replacing antiquated systems with cutting-edge upgrades.
While the AI revolution has been front and center for a couple of years, many believe it's still very early in the overall integration of the technology, and each of our trio of stocks is well-positioned to benefit from these secular tailwinds:
Some investors fear that a protracted trade war and far-reaching tariffs could stifle AI adoption by significantly increasing the cost of the semiconductors and supplementary products fueling these systems. That said, continuing innovation in the space will likely continue to drive the adoption of AI higher and benefit our trio of companies.
From a valuation perspective, Palantir is still pricey at 165 times forward earnings. However, Apple and Micron are attractively priced, selling for 28 times and 10 times forward earnings, respectively.



Before you buy stock inPalantir Technologies, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andPalantir Technologieswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $495,226!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $679,900!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is796% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to155%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025


Danny Venahas positions in Apple and Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple and Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends