If You'd Invested $10,000 in ExxonMobil Stock 5 Years Ago, Here's How Much You'd Have Today
2025-04-30 08-30
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/30/if-youd-invested-10000-in-exxonmobil-stock-5-years/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
ExxonMobil stock has tripled investors' money in five years. Can it do it again?
Oil and gas exploration and production (E&P) isn't an easy business. It requires massive amounts of investments, and the earnings and cash flows of E&P producers are directly exposed to the volatility in oil and gas prices.
Yet ExxonMobil (XOM 0.20%) -- the largest oil company in the U.S. -- has performed remarkably well over the decades, and its stock has generated rich returns for shareholders. In recent years, ExxonMobil has cut costs, expanded production capacity, grown its cash flows steadily, and increased its dividend years after year, all of which have been reflected in its share price.
If you'd invested $10,000 in ExxonMobil stock five years ago, you'd have more than doubled your money to $24,200 by now, as of this writing. Even better, your investment would have tripled to nearly $30,600 today if you'd reinvested the dividends.

XOM data by YCharts
Between 2019 and 2024, ExxonMobil saved more than $10 billion in costs, grew its earnings by over $15 billion, and added over $20 billion in cash flow from operating activities (CFO). The net result? The oil and gas giant returned nearly $140 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases over the period. Not surprisingly, ExxonMobil's stock price has appreciated steadily over the past five years or so.
ExxonMobil has even bigger growth plans for the foreseeable future. The oil major acquired Pioneer Natural Resources in an all-stock deal worth $60 billion in 2023 and is trying hard to reduce its break-even price so that it can make money even at low oil prices. ExxonMobil believes it could add another $20 billion in earnings and nearly $30 billion in CFO by 2030.
That should also mean bigger dividends -- ExxonMobil has increased its dividend for 42 consecutive years now and yields 3.6%. Steady earnings, cash flow, and dividend growth should continue to propel ExxonMobil stock higher in the long run.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025

 

Before you buy stock in ExxonMobil, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and ExxonMobil wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $610,327!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $667,581!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025


Neha Chamaria has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.