Exxon Mobil, Chevron To Report As Oil Prices Slide. Are Buyback Cuts On The Table_
2025-05-01 20-03
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/746c1bef-d80a-3793-a3f2-e7c4508a1996/exxon-mobil%2C-chevron-to.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil and Chevron report first-quarter earnings and revenue early Friday. Investors await to see if falling oil prices will impact buybacks.
When in doubt, buy the cheapest energy stock, with the best dividend, and the best growth rate you can find.
OPENLANE (KAR) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
We recently published a list of 11 Best Buy-the-Dip Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Flowers Foods, Inc. (NYSE:FLO) stands against other best buy-the-dip stocks to buy now. As volatility rises, AllianceBernstein believes that staying invested remains a strategic priority to capture the long-term return potential in […]
Exxon  Mobil will report earnings on Friday morning amid an oil downturn that has taken the price of crude to its lowest level in about four years.  The big question is whether the price drop will cause the company to slow its stock buybacks or its production growth—or if the company plans to push ahead regardless.  Analysts expect Exxon to report $1.75 in earnings per share for the quarter, down from $2.06 last year.
Chevron can weather the storm, assuming prices don’t fall much lower, but it may have to cut its share-repurchase plan.  Buybacks will likely be the biggest question on the oil company’s first-quarter earnings call.  Analysts expect Chevron to report $2.16 of earnings per share, down from $2.93 a year ago.
An investigation found that Ashley Buchanan violated the retailer’s code of conduct by entering into a ‘highly unusual’ business deal involving Chandra Holt, the former CEO of Bed Bath & Beyond.
The Trump administration is said to be weighing new, more rigid policies around U.S. AI exports. China’s Huawei would be the big winner.
Black Hills has a 4.5% yield and is a Dividend King.  Chevron is offering a 4.9% yield with 38 annual dividend hikes behind it.  Enterprise Products Partners has a 6.8% yield backed by 26 annual distribution increases.
SHEL topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings in three of the last four quarters and missed in the other.
Hess (HES) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.26% and 1.28%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?