Chevron & Exxon Mobil Earnings_ What to Expect
2025-05-01 21-27
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-exxon-mobil-earnings-expect-212700191.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Earnings season continues to move rapidly, with a notably rich reporting docket this week. A few big-tech names and representatives from many sectors have delivered their quarterly prints, with next week just as exciting.
Among the bunch this week are two energy titans, Exxon Mobil XOM and Chevron CVX. There has been a slight performance disparity between the two in 2025, with XOM shares outperforming.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Stay up-to-date with all quarterly releases: See Zacks Earnings Calendar.
Energy companies are expected to face a harsh reporting period in general, with earnings for the broader Zacks Oil & Energy sector expected to be down -22.7% from the same period last year on -0.4% lower revenues.
Let’s take a closer look at revisions for XOM and CVX.
Exxon Mobil
Earnings revisions for the upcoming release have been back-and-forth but overall reflect stability, with the $1.74 Zacks Consensus EPS estimate up 1.2% since just the beginning of February. The value implies a 15% pullback from the same period last year, reflecting a notable profitability crunch.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Investors will also be zeroed in on the company’s cash flows, which have allowed it to sport a shareholder-friendly nature for years. Below is a chart illustrating the company’s free cash flow on a quarterly basis.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Chevron
Earnings expectations for CVX’s release have fallen much more, with the current $2.15 Zacks Consensus EPS estimate down 13% over the same timeframe and suggesting a 27% decline year-over-year.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The company’s sales expectations have actually drifted higher, with the current $47.9 billion expected up more than 2% over the same time period while suggesting a 1.5% pullback year-over-year.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Putting Everything Together
Two energy heavyweights – Exxon Mobil XOM and Chevron CVX – are on the reporting docket this week, continuing a hectic week of earnings overall.
The setup for XOM appears to be much more attractive heading into the release given its favorable EPS revisions trend relative to CVX.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
The acquisition of Pioneer Natural boosts XOM's production capabilities in the Permian Basin due to its exceptionally low production costs.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.