Jobs report, Big Oil earnings, de minimis closure_ What to Watch
2025-05-01 23-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/jobs-report-big-oil-earnings-230053883.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Market Domination Overtime anchor Julie Hyman previews the biggest market stories and data due out for Friday, May 2, namely the April jobs report, earnings from Big Oil producers Exxon Mobil (XOM), Chevron (CVX), and Shell (SHEL), and the closing date for de minimis exemptions on low-value imports from China into the US.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
Time now for what to watch Friday, May 2nd. Starting off on the labor front. April's full jobs report coming out in the morning. Economists forecast 135,000 non-farm payrolls were added last month, while the unemployment rate and hourly wages held steady at 4.2% and 0.3% respectively. Taking a look at earnings, we'll have big oil capping off a big week of earnings. We'll be getting reports from Exxon, Chevron, and Shell in the morning. Exxon will announce results for its first quarter before the markets open. Analysts expect the company to benefit from higher oil and gas prices and better downstream margins. And finally, the Trump administration eliminating the de minimis exemption for low value imports from China. The exemption currently allows goods valued at $800 or less to enter the US duty-free. E-commerce companies like Shine, Temu, which is owned by PDD Holdings, and Alibaba, they're all bracing for the closure, which could lead to further price increases from goods for goods from those Chinese retailers.
SHEL topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings in three of the last four quarters and missed in the other.
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Alibaba (BABA) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
Strategy posts $5.8B in Bitcoin gains YTD, doubles capital plan to $84B, and raises BTC yield target to 25%.
Exxon  Mobil will report earnings on Friday morning amid an oil downturn that has taken the price of crude to its lowest level in about four years.  The big question is whether the price drop will cause the company to slow its stock buybacks or its production growth—or if the company plans to push ahead regardless.  Analysts expect Exxon to report $1.75 in earnings per share for the quarter, down from $2.06 last year.
Olipop leaned on viral trends and toilet humor—and meeting consumers where they are at—to propel its soda as both fun and functional.
We recently published a list of How Did Jim Cramer’s 12 Bold Predictions Play Out?. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. During the most recent episode of Mad Money, Jim Cramer revisited the recent turbulence in […]
JD.com, Inc. (JD) closed at $32.85 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.71% move from the prior day.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...