BP Stock Drops as Earnings Miss, Buyback Cut. It’s a Warning for Exxon, Chevron.
2025-04-29 13-55
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/2fbf69d0-9806-327a-9664-67b9f36a5bfc/bp-stock-drops-as-earnings.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The energy company’s weaker-than-expected first-quarter earnings were partly down to lower oil prices, but the London-based major has its own homegrown problems.
The headline numbers for Redwood Trust (RWT) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Beyond analysts' top -and-bottom-line estimates for Exxon (XOM), evaluate projections for some of its key metrics to gain a better insight into how the business might have performed for the quarter ended March 2025.
Exxon Mobil and Chevron report first-quarter earnings and revenue early Friday. Investors await to see if falling oil prices will impact buybacks.
Wells Fargo (WFC) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
(Bloomberg) -- April gave stock market investors a little bit of everything: Tears as share prices plunged when President Donald Trump started a global trade war, relief as they bounced back when he paused some of his harshest tariffs, and confusion as they rose despite increasing signs of economic turmoil. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was inspired by […]
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...