Exxon Growth Strategy Will Be Tested as It Reports Earnings
2025-05-01 20-15
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/87160337-a2d9-3584-85f3-3196b07443f8/exxon-growth-strategy-will-be.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil will report earnings on Friday morning amid an oil downturn that has taken the price of crude to its lowest level in about four years. The big question is whether the price drop will cause the company to slow its stock buybacks or its production growth—or if the company plans to push ahead regardless. Analysts expect Exxon to report $1.75 in earnings per share for the quarter, down from $2.06 last year.
No less than two analysts upgraded their recommendations on the specialty vehicle and equipment maker.  This was thanks to a pair of post-earnings analyst recommendation upgrades, which brought a fresh wave of optimism to the stock.  In his view, Caterpillar now rates an outperform (buy, in other words), up from his previous tag of perform (hold).
In other beverage news, women-founded brand Gorgie raised $24.5 million for its better-for-you energy drink.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Exxon Mobil and Chevron report first-quarter earnings and revenue early Friday. Investors await to see if falling oil prices will impact buybacks.
Black Hills has a 4.5% yield and is a Dividend King.  Chevron is offering a 4.9% yield with 38 annual dividend hikes behind it.  Enterprise Products Partners has a 6.8% yield backed by 26 annual distribution increases.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.