ExxonMobil Surges Ahead in Low-Carbon Push, BP and Shell Retreat
2025-04-29 13-08
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxonmobil-surges-ahead-low-carbon-130800452.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM, the U.S. supermajor, is poised to surpass European rivals Shell plc SHEL and BP plc BP in low-carbon energy investments, marking a shift in the clean energy race among Big Oil players. This pivot highlights ExxonMobil’s growing focus on reducing third-party emissions and diversifying into new energy technologies, particularly carbon capture, hydrogen and lithium.
ExxonMobil's December 2024 announcement to pursue up to $30 billion in low-emission projects from 2025 through 2030 is a bold bet on the clean energy transition. Around 65% of this spend is earmarked for projects that will help third-party customers cut emissions. This includes efforts by ExxonMobil’s Low Carbon Solutions business, which is developing projects in carbon capture and storage, low-carbon hydrogen, and lithium — areas that XOM says align with its engineering and process expertise.
According to data from energy consultancy Wood Mackenzie (cited by the Financial Times), the move would place ExxonMobil ahead of Shell and BP in absolute low-carbon investment. While ExxonMobil boosts its clean energy plans, Shell and BP are pulling back amid profitability concerns in their renewable portfolios.
Shell and BP have revised their strategies to favor traditional fossil fuel investments. Shell CEO Wael Sawan said in March that the company will limit its capital employed in low-carbon businesses to below 10% of the total, allocating capital based on expected returns.
BP, meanwhile, made headlines in February when it announced that it would raise upstream oil and gas investment to $10 billion annually while cutting its clean energy spending by over $5 billion. Norwegian major Equinor ASA EQNR followed a similar path, revealing in an update that it would nearly halve its renewables and low-carbon investments to $5 billion, citing inflation, supply-chain constraints and regulatory uncertainty.
ExxonMobil’s clean energy ambitions rely heavily on the continued support of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022, which offers substantial incentives for carbon capture and hydrogen development. Any major political shift, such as a repeal of key IRA provisions under a potential Trump administration, could affect the economics of these projects.
Still, ExxonMobil appears undeterred for now. Its capital plan places it just behind France’s TotalEnergies in percentage of capex devoted to low-carbon investments. TotalEnergies leads with 29% of capex allocated to clean energy, while ExxonMobil and Shell stand at 17% each. BP lags at 12% following its strategy overhaul.
Currently, ExxonMobil, Shell and BP carry a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) each. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.With its eyes on long-term value and emissions solutions for customers, ExxonMobil is emerging as the most aggressive U.S. investor in low-carbon energy among traditional oil majors. As its European counterparts step back from climate-focused investments, ExxonMobil may find itself not just catching up, but taking the lead in the next phase of energy evolution.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Equinor ASA (EQNR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Shell PLC Unsponsored ADR (SHEL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
CI's first-quarter results are likely to have benefited from growing pharmacy revenues and fees.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.