Court hearing in Exxon's dispute over Chevron-Hess deal set for May 26, sources say
2025-05-01 18-16
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/court-hearing-exxons-dispute-over-181655983.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Sheila Dang
HOUSTON (Reuters) -The International Chamber of Commerce has scheduled a hearing in Exxon Mobil's arbitration dispute over rival Chevron's planned acquisition of oil producer Hess for May 26, according to two sources familiar with the matter.
The hearing will take place in London, according to a third source.
The battle between Exxon and Chevron, the two largest U.S. oil producers, centers on the lucrative Stabroek oilfield off the coast of Guyana, the biggest oil discovery of the past decade.
It has delayed Chevron's $53-billion deal to buy Hess, which was announced nearly 18 months ago.
While Exxon, Chevron and Hess have previously said the hearing in the arbitration case was scheduled for May, the date or location has not previously been reported. The sources declined to be named because the details are confidential.
A Hess spokesperson referred to a previous filing in which the company said it expected a decision in the third quarter. Exxon and Chevron did not respond to requests for comment.
The prize asset in Chevron's acquisition of Hess is the latter's 30% stake in the Stabroek block. Exxon operates the field and holds a 45% interest. CNOOC, the third partner, holds 25%.
In March last year, roughly four months after Chevron said it would buy Hess, Exxon and CNOOC filed arbitration claims, arguing that their joint operating agreement in the Stabroek block gives them a right of first refusal to buy Hess' stake. Chevron and Hess claim the right of first refusal does not apply to their merger.
The arbitration case was filed through the International Chamber of Commerce and a three-judge panel will consider the applicability of the right-of-first-refusal clause.
Closing the acquisition of Hess and gaining access to the Stabroek is crucial for Chevron. The field has pumped more crude than initially expected and would provide a material boost to Chevron's total oil output. It would also add to Chevron's oil and gas reserves, which fell to their lowest point in at least a decade at the end of 2024.
The block is estimated to hold more than 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent in recoverable resource.
In March, Chevron disclosed that it bought 4.99% of Hess' common shares on the open market, which the company said reflected its confidence in completing the acquisition.
(Reporting by Sheila Dang in Houston; Editing by Nia Williams)
(Reuters) -Tesla  Chair Robyn Denholm on Thursday denied a Wall Street Journal report that said board members about a month ago had reached out to several executive search firms to find a replacement for CEO Elon Musk.  Tesla shares rose 2.8% in early trading on Thursday after Denholm called the report "absolutely false" and said on X the EV maker's board is "highly confident" in Musk's ability to "continue executing on the exciting growth plan ahead."  The Journal said in a statement it stood by its reporting on Wednesday that the board was seeking a new CEO due to Musk's heavy involvement with President Donald Trump's administration, citing people familiar with the discussions.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.