Gold Edges Higher as Traders React to Expanding Trade War
2025-04-15 20-25
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-edges-higher-traders-react-100409757.html?.tsrc=rss
(Bloomberg) -- Gold edged toward the record high set on Monday, as the Trump administration pressed ahead with probes that could broaden the US’s sweeping trade war.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing
Bullion rose to top $3,230 an ounce, less than $15 below the peak set in the first trading session of the week. The US Commerce Department said Monday it had initiated probes into the national security impact of semiconductor and pharmaceutical imports, a precursor to imposing tariffs.
The precious metal has rallied by more than a fifth this year as the worsening trade war has damped prospects for global growth, eroded trust in usually-safe US assets and roiled financial markets.
Leading banks remain optimistic about bullion’s prospects over the coming quarters as investors add to holdings in gold-backed exchange-traded funds and central banks continue to accumulate the metal. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. has forecast that prices will rally to $4,000 an ounce by mid-2026.
Gold may also find support from strong demand in China, the world’s biggest bullion market. As the trade war has intensified, there’s been a surge in speculative trading, as well as inflows into local ETFs.
“Yuan devaluation, macroeconomic volatility, and rising dedollarization rhetoric are classic, powerful drivers of gold demand” in China, said Justin Lin, a Sydney-based analyst at Global X ETFs. Globally, “a further rally will likely require a dovish pivot from the Federal Reserve, or clearer signs of a material slowdown in the US economy,” he said.
Gold rose by 0.6% to $3,230.36 an ounce at 4:18 p.m. in New York. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was up 0.3% after a five-day drop. Silver inched lower, while platinum and palladium gained.
--With assistance from Yvonne Yue Li.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.