Strong China GDP Growth Fails to Stem Calls for Urgent Stimulus
2025-04-16 06-43
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/strong-china-gdp-growth-fails-064317061.html?.tsrc=rss
(Bloomberg) -- China’s economy showed surprising strength in early 2025 thanks to consumer subsidies and a rush of export shipments to beat tariffs, although an impasse with Donald Trump over the trade war is darkening its outlook and fueling calls for stimulus.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
China’s gross domestic product grew 5.4% in the first quarter from a year ago, the government said Wednesday, more than a forecast of 5.2%. Both production and consumption indicated unexpected momentum in March, before massive US levies on Chinese goods kicked in this month.
The rosy picture will give little comfort to policymakers as economic activities are expected to deteriorate starting from April. Cargo data last week already showed a slowdown in the volume of goods processed by Chinese ports, foreshadowing a decline in commerce as global companies pause orders and reduce output.
The improvement is “all in the past now,” said Michelle Lam, Greater China economist at Societe Generale SA. “Stimulus delivery is still pretty urgent. Things can deteriorate fairly quickly with some high-frequency data showing tariff impact on US-bound shipments.”
In a sign that tariff fears prevailed, Chinese stocks in Hong Kong extended their losses to as much as 3.3%. The yuan was steady at 7.3297 in the offshore market, while the 10-year government bond yield fell 2 basis points to 1.63%.
The data released by the National Bureau of Statistics suggests the economy was supported in part by front-loaded shipments before tariffs jumped to prohibitive levels this month.
Without more stimulus, China could struggle to meet its official growth target of around 5% this year. Exports are expected to contract after contributing to a third of growth in 2024, while business and consumer sentiment will likely suffer a blow from the trade war.
Economists at international banks including UBS Group AG, Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Citigroup Inc. and Societe Generale have lowered their forecasts for China’s 2025 growth in recent weeks to around 4% or lower. Australia & New Zealand Banking Group announced a similar downgrade following the data release.
The Chinese economy’s performance this year will largely depend on how much stimulus Beijing rolls out and how quickly it deploys support measures. A key factor will be the sustainability of the recovery in consumer demand, which has been buoyed by subsidies for buying cars, appliances and smartphones.