The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Just Recorded A 15% EPS Beat_ Here's What Analysts Are Forecasting Nex
2025-04-16 17-53
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-group-inc-just-175352051.html?.tsrc=rss
As you might know,The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.(NYSE:GS) just kicked off its latest first-quarter results with some very strong numbers. Goldman Sachs Group beat earnings, with revenues hitting US$15b, ahead of expectations, and statutory earnings per share outperforming analyst reckonings by a solid 15%. The analysts typically update their forecasts at each earnings report, and we can judge from their estimates whether their view of the company has changed or if there are any new concerns to be aware of. We've gathered the most recent statutory forecasts to see whether the analysts have changed their earnings models, following these results.
Our free stock report includes 2 warning signs investors should be aware of before investing in Goldman Sachs Group.Read for free now.
Taking into account the latest results, the most recent consensus for Goldman Sachs Group from 16 analysts is for revenues of US$55.2b in 2025. If met, it would imply a modest 4.1% increase on its revenue over the past 12 months. Statutory earnings per share are predicted to increase 2.3% to US$44.52. Before this earnings report, the analysts had been forecasting revenues of US$56.4b and earnings per share (EPS) of US$45.10 in 2025. So it's pretty clear that, although the analysts have updated their estimates, there's been no major change in expectations for the business following the latest results.
See our latest analysis for Goldman Sachs Group
It will come as no surprise then, to learn that the consensus price target is largely unchanged at US$592. There's another way to think about price targets though, and that's to look at the range of price targets put forward by analysts, because a wide range of estimates could suggest a diverse view on possible outcomes for the business. The most optimistic Goldman Sachs Group analyst has a price target of US$720 per share, while the most pessimistic values it at US$490. This shows there is still a bit of diversity in estimates, but analysts don't appear to be totally split on the stock as though it might be a success or failure situation.
Of course, another way to look at these forecasts is to place them into context against theindustryitself. The analysts are definitely expecting Goldman Sachs Group's growth to accelerate, with the forecast 5.5% annualised growth to the end of 2025 ranking favourably alongside historical growth of 2.7% per annum over the past five years. Compare this with other companies in the same industry, which are forecast to grow their revenue 5.2% annually. Factoring in the forecast acceleration in revenue, it's pretty clear that Goldman Sachs Group is expected to grow at about the same rate as the wider industry.