Title: European Stocks Trim Losses as China Sees Potential for US Talks
Date: 2025-04-16 16:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/european-stocks-fall-nvidia-curbs-071844722.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
(Bloomberg) -- European equities closed modestly lower on Wednesday, as China’s signal that it could be open to trade talks allowed the market to pare earlier losses.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index ended the session down 0.2%, snapping a two-day winning streak. However, it clawed back most of its earlier 1.4% slide, as Beijing signaled it would be willing to engage in trade talks if the Trump adminstration shows a more consistent position and reins in disparaging remarks by cabinet members. Tech was the biggest laggard after the US barred Nvidia Corp. from selling its H20 chip in China, a sign Washington is in no mood to tone down its trade battle with Beijing.
“My impression is that the market became a little too optimistic after the snapback of the past few days, as we’re getting some data points that make us scratch our head,” said Philipp Lisibach, head of strategy and research at LGT Private Banking.
READ: Europe’s Markets Are Winning From End of ‘America First’ Trade
European stocks’ record outperformance in the first quarter versus the S&P 500 in dollar terms has given way to concern about the potential impact of Trump’s trade policies on economic growth and corporate profits. The Stoxx 600 is down about 5% so far in April, after gaining an equivalent amount in the January-March period.
Among individual stock movers, ASML Holding NV fell as much as 7.6% after orders for the first quarter were far lower than expected and the firm warned that it doesn’t know how to quantify the impact from recent tariff announcements. Heineken NV rose as much as 5% after volumes of beer fell less than expected, even as a late Easter dampened demand for its top-selling brands in Europe and the Americas.
For more on equity markets:
Tariff Pain Makes Luxury Shares Look Overpriced: Taking Stock
M&A Watch Europe: Datagroup, Unicredit, BPM, Mediobanca, Qiagen
Europe’s Response to Trump Boosts Pitch for Listings: ECM Watch
US Stock Futures Drop as Nvidia Faces New Export Restrictions
Job Cut March Before Tax Hike April: The London Rush
You want more news on this market? Click here for a curated First Word channel of actionable news from Bloomberg and select sources. It can be customized to your preferences by clicking into Actions on the toolbar or hitting the HELP key for assistance. To subscribe to a daily list of European analyst rating changes, click here.
--With assistance from Michael Msika and Kit Rees.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
