Title: Don't expect a big increase in tech manufacturing in the US
Date: 2025-04-16 16:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/dont-expect-big-increase-tech-165454559.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
US President Donald Trump touts chipmaker investments in US manufacturing, with Nvidia (NVDA) and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSM) investing hundreds of billions of dollars in the US. Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley sits down with Wealth Host Brad Smith to outline why these massive investments don't necessarily translate to a meaningful uptick in US-based tech manufacturing.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here.
It's time for tech support. Our weekly segment, all about technology and shares of one of the biggest tech companies out there in video, taking a hit today after news the company is expecting. President Trump's curbs on Chinese exports will cost the company five and a half billion dollars. Meanwhile, President Trump touted in videos investment in the US on truth, social calling it big and exciting news. I want to bring in Yahoo Finance Tech editor Dan Hally. Dan, good to see you. Will Trump's tariffs really bring tech manufacturing to the US?
Uh, long story short, no. Uh, this is something that uh is kind of akin to uh, what Apple did with their $500 billion announcement saying, we're investing 500 billion over four years. Um, but it's, it's not necessarily all, you know, like iPhone production lines or anything like that. It's about building servers and certain factories and, and spending on uh other things uh, within video. It's about uh, producing some of their blackwell chips at TSMC plants uh in Arizona. Um, but this isn't, you know, uh, a wholesale movement of uh, Nvidia's supply chain or, or any company's supply chain to the US and, and that's just not going to happen anytime soon. In fact, uh, a number of analysts that I spoke with basically said, look, you know, this is a way for these companies to kind of play the game uh, and ensure that they're on Trump's good side, uh, while also making kind of strategic investments. Obviously TSMC has been building uh, plants. They have their $165 billion earmarked for plants in Arizona, uh, companies like uh, AMD, uh, Nvidia, as I mentioned, Apple, uh, they're using those plants to build these chips, but it's not the volume that, you know, is going to the, the type of volume that's going to fulfill all the needs of, of the the US, let alone the world. And, you know, I think uh, this is, as I said, more about strategic relationships with Trump than anything else.
So is it really possible to deglobalize the tech industry? And what type of risks are we talking about here?
Yeah, I, I mean, look, it's, it's not, right? I mean, look at uh, uh, uh things like just silicon, right? The, the actual wafers themselves come from different parts of the world. I mean, you just break down a semiconductor and all of these pieces, it's, it's a global industry. That's, it's impossible to move these things just into the US. That's, that's wild. Uh, and so that's just the chips, right? And then you look at everything else that use the, the, the chips, right? Smartphones, um, uh, if you want to try to build iPhones in America, you can maybe do the final assembly here, but you still have different pieces coming from different parts of the world. And it's not just, you know, Southeast Asia and China, though, that's where uh, a huge majority of the, the, the pieces come from. It's also areas of Europe and, and South America, things along those lines. So it, this is something that uh, appears to be more of a fool's errand than anything else. Uh, it's more about, look, we, the Biden administration had this idea of ensuring that there was more semiconductor capacity in the US, which, which makes sense, but semiconductor capacity means building the chips. There's more steps to just building the chips. There's the silicon, there's the packaging, uh, those need other plants, not, it's not just like, you know, you push in a bunch of like a silicon wafer and outcomes a chip that you then drop into a computer. It's much more complicated than that. And so it is truly a global supply chain. There's, there's really no way to fully onshore all of tech manufacturing, let alone a piece of tech manufacturing like that.
And you make a great point in that it's all waves back to the, it's everything from the natural resources in the type of silicon you're being able to get in the raw materials, all the way through the packaging, the product, the lithography that takes place as well. Uh, so much to consider here. Dan, thanks so much for bringing this down for us.
For sure.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
