Title: 2 Wide Moat Semiconductor Stocks a Bargain Buy Now: ASML and NVDA
Date: 2025-04-15 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2-wide-moat-semiconductor-stocks-190000984.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. A series of President Donald Trump’s ambiguous tariffs on several other countries, including China, wreaked havoc on Wall Street, and semiconductor stocks suffered the consequences. However, the latest tariff exemptions on chips and other high-tech goods boosted the equity market, leading to a recovery in many previously declining semiconductor stocks.  Therefore, this is an ideal time to invest in strong semiconductor stocks, such as ASML Holding N.V. ASML and NVIDIA Corporation NVDA, which are currently trading at a discount following a recent drop but are poised to benefit from the upcoming rebound. Of course, the tariff reliefs are temporary, and these semiconductor stocks may experience bouts of volatility if trade disputes remain unresolved within the specified time frame. However, these stocks have a wide moat, providing them a competitive advantage and immunity to market fluctuations. Let’s examine this in detail –  Dutch company ASML is the global leader in producing extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems, which are essential for manufacturing powerful artificial intelligence (AI) chips. The lithography equipment is pricey, so the company doesn’t need to sell many to make sufficient revenues.  Although the company sold only 44 EUV systems last year, they accounted for 38% of its total net system sales of 21.8 billion euros. It sells to major chipmakers like Intel Corporation INTC and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited TSM. Having a monopoly in EUV lithography systems could potentially lead to market share loss, with China developing similar systems. However, manufacturing these systems is time-consuming due to their complex nature. Thus, the current risk of losing the monopoly is minimal, allowing the company to sustain long-term growth for stakeholders. Similarly, Jensen Huang-led NVIDIA enjoys a more than 80% share in the growing discrete graphic processing units (GPUs) market, giving the company a competitive edge over its rivals and fueling long-term growth. The company’s CUDA software platform is gaining popularity globally among developers, while the demand for Blackwell chips has skyrocketed due to their better energy efficiency level and faster AI interface.  For some time, the rapid growth of AI applications has spurred the demand for advanced memory chips that require ASML’s EUV equipment for their manufacture. ASML’s EUV lithography machines experienced an increase in new orders in the fourth quarter of 2024 and are anticipated to see a surge in first-quarter 2025 bookings as well.  This is why, ASML is on track to post a strong first quarter and help the stock regain its mojo. For the first quarter, the company expects revenues of 7.5 billion euros to 8 billion euros, a substantial 46% increase year over year. The earnings are estimated to come in at 5.75 euros a share, a jump of 85% year over year. The continuous rise in AI data center spending will benefit NVIDIA in the long run. To meet the growing demand for AI workloads, major cloud computing companies are purchasing GPUs for their superior computing power. Three of the big cloud computing stocks are planning to spend $250 billion on AI data center infrastructure, while OpenAI, Softbank, and others are expected to spend $500 billion on data centers through the Stargate project.  For these reasons, NVIDIA predicts that AI data center expenditures will reach $1 trillion by 2028, providing room for stock growth. ASML’s global leadership in lithography and increasing product demand make its stock a compelling buy. Its shares have fallen 3% year to date but have gained 0.6% on Monday on Trump’s tariff reliefs.  ASML’s expected earnings growth rate for the current year is 23.1%, and brokers have raised ASML’s average short-term price target by 42.3% to $953.61 from the previous $668.81. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Dominance in the GPU space and a rise in AI infrastructure spending should help NVIDIA stock climb upward, making it an enticing buy. Its shares have tanked 17.8% this year but the company anticipates a 47.5% growth in earnings for the current year. Brokers have raised NVDA’s average short-term price target by 56.8% to $173.95 from the previous $110.93 (read more: Which Mag-7 Stock, Apple or NVIDIA, Should You Buy for Tariff Relief?) Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Both ASML and NVIDIA currently have a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Intel Corporation (INTC) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) : Free Stock Analysis Report Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Stocks showed weakness Tuesday with the major indexes closing lower. But a recent IPO name climbed for a third straight day. Economic forecasters are raising the odds that we could experience a recession in the coming quarters.  Goldman Sachs has hiked its recession probability a few times in recent weeks, bumping it from 20% all the way to 45%.  Its recession model sees a nearly 80% chance the economy goes into a recession, up from 60% not long ago. The chip maker will take a $5.5 billion charge in the current quarter for H20 inventory and canceled sales. Nvidia's announcement brings Big Tech’s investment pledges to US AI infrastructure to just north of $1.6 trillion since Trump's inauguration. The U.S. government ”indicated that the license requirement addresses the risk that the covered products may be used in, or diverted to, a supercomputer in China,” Nvidia said. It takes courage to buy beaten-down growth stocks during a stock market sell-off.  Archer Aviation (NYSE: ACHR) has sparked excitement from investors interested in technology and electric vehicles (EVs).  Industrial automation and robotics giant Rockwell Automation (NYSE: ROK) has seen its valuation fall to compelling levels. Nvidia says new US restrictions on exports of its H2O chip to China will cost the company billions of dollars. Bloomberg's Michael Shepard reports. Mag-7 stocks are in the deep correction zone now, and valuation is down to the pre-ChatGPT level. Although the group has fallen from grace, core strengths remain intact. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […] Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.