Title: NVIDIA flags $5.5 bln Q1 charge on US chip export curbs, shares sink
Date: 2025-04-15 22:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-braces-5-5-billion-222451859.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.  Investing.com -- AI powerhouse NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) disclosed on Tuesday that it anticipates up to $5.5 billion in charges in its upcoming first-quarter financial results related to U.S. chip export controls on China, sending its shares down sharply in aftermarket trade. The announcement follows the U.S. government’s decision to mandate licenses for exports of the H20 chip to China, including Hong Kong and Macau, as well as to D:5 countries or companies with ultimate parent companies in those regions. Shares of NVIDIA fell 6% to $105.42 in after-hours trading following the news. Those of peers such as AMD (NASDAQ:AMD), Broadcom Inc (NASDAQ:AVGO), Super Micro Computer Inc (NASDAQ:SMCI), and Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) sank between 2% and 7%, while major Nvidia supplier TSMC (NYSE:TSM) shed 2.4%. The disclosure from NVIDIA comes just one day after the company made headlines after announcing a $500 billion investment to produce AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S. The U.S. government communicated to NVIDIA on April 9, 2025, that a license would be required for exporting the H20 integrated circuits, as well as any other circuits with similar memory and interconnect bandwidth capabilities. On April 14, 2025, it was further clarified that this licensing requirement would remain in place indefinitely. The measure is intended to prevent the potential use of Nvidia’s products in Chinese supercomputers or military applications. Nvidia said the $5.5 billion charge is related to inventory, purchase commitments, and associated reserves for its H20 microchip products. The H20 chip is the main AI chip Nvidia is permitted to sell in China under export restrictions imposed by the Biden administration, as it sought to close off Beijing’s access to cutting-edge advancements in AI tech. Still, earlier media reports showed Nvidia clocked strong demand for its H20 chips in China, as Chinese AI development and investment ramped up following the release of DeepSeek earlier this year. The Information reported earlier in April that Chinese firms including ByteDance,  Alibaba  Group (NYSE:BABA) and Tencent Holdings Ltd (HK:0700) had ordered at least $16 billion worth of H20 chips in the first three months of 2025. Ambar Warrick contributed to this report.  Related articles NVIDIA flags $5.5 bln Q1 charge on US chip export curbs, shares sink Interactive Brokers beats Q1 estimates on strong revenue growth Wells Fargo turns more cautious on aerospace sector, cuts Hexcel, Howmet rating Nvidia says new US restrictions on exports of its H2O chip to China will cost the company billions of dollars. Bloomberg's Michael Shepard reports. The U.S. government ”indicated that the license requirement addresses the risk that the covered products may be used in, or diverted to, a supercomputer in China,” Nvidia said. Nvidia said it would record a $5.5 billion charge on its quarterly earnings and disclosed that the U.S. will now require a license for exporting the company's H20 processors to China and other countries.  Nvidia shares fell more than 6% in after-hours trading.  The H20 chips have far less processing power than the latest top-of-the-line Nvidia processors. The chip maker will take a $5.5 billion charge in the current quarter for H20 inventory and canceled sales. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the […] Now is a great opportunity to invest in ASML and NVIDIA, both set to thrive after a recent drop in share prices. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks […] China's growing pile of cryptocurrencies seized from illegal transactions is prompting local governments to find ways to dispose of the hoard and spurring calls from courts and the financial industry for better regulation.  Together with senior judges and police, attorneys are debating changes to rules they said will soon change the way  confiscated virtual currencies are treated.  That could be a game-changer for China's crypto industry, and comes at a time of heightened Sino-U.S. tensions in Donald Trump's second presidency, coinciding with Trump's plans to deregulate cryptocurrencies and build a bitcoin reserve. Nvidia on Tuesday said it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips.  Nvidia's AI chips have been a key focus of U.S. export controls as U.S. officials have moved to keep the most advanced chips from being sold to China as the U.S. tries to keep ahead in the AI race.  After those controls were implemented, Nvidia began designing chips that would come as close as possible to U.S. limits. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.