Title: Trump’s Nvidia deal lays bare the contradictions in America’s AI policy
Date: 2025-04-15 18:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-nvidia-deal-lays-bare-184204048.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. No company has cashed in on the generative AI boom quite like Nvidia, whose chips and software help power AI used by Microsoft, Google, Meta, OpenAI, and Tesla. So it’s no surprise that as President Trump moves to impose tariffs on semiconductors—after initially carving out an exemption—Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang is looking to strike a deal to reduce the impact of potential tariffs on his company. But his efforts so far have highlighted the mixed AI policy messages coming from the Trump administration. For example, after Huang attended a $1 million-a-head dinner at Mar-a-Lago last week, the White House supposedly paused plans to restrict the export of the company’s H20 chips, allowing their continued sale in China. The move surprised many in the chip industry who had expected the Trump administration to impose tighter controls instead, but by Tuesday afternoon the news had shifted once more: Nvidia said it will take a quarterly charge of about $5.5 billion tied to exporting H20 chips to China and other destinations, leading to a stock slide of 5% in extended trading. Nvidia had designed the H20—a modified version of its higher-end chips—to comply with the export controls introduced during the Biden administration. But the subsequent success of China’s DeepSeek and other high-quality, low-cost AI models led the Trump administration to consider adding the H20 to the list of chips Nvidia can’t sell there. To add to the confused messaging, Michael Kratsios—making his first public remarks on Monday since being confirmed by the Senate as White House director of tech and science policy—stressed the need to curb China’s AI ambitions. That, of course, stood in stark contrast to the same White House abandoning its plans to restrict exporting the H20 chip. At the inaugural Endless Frontiers tech and policy retreat in Austin, Katsios said the U.S. should stop helping China catch up in the AI race. “Strict and simple export controls and know-your customer rules, with an unapologetic America-first attitude about enforcing them, are central to stopping China from continuing to build itself up at our expense,” he said. “We want peace between our countries, and that peace depends on keeping America’s bleeding-edge technology out of our competitor’s hands.” The original about-face on H20 reportedly came after Huang promised new U.S. investments in AI data centers to the tune of $500 billion, which Nvidia announced yesterday. The company said it had commissioned more than a million square feet of manufacturing space to build and test Nvidia Blackwell chips in Arizona and AI supercomputers in Texas. But if Trump is looking for data centers to quickly rise like phoenixes in the Texas desert, he may be disappointed. The Republican-controlled Texas statehouse is poised to pass legislation that imposes regulatory hurdles on those very data centers, with the goal of protecting the power grid from new energy-hungry construction. The legislation would introduce new rules including a six-month review process for new data center approvals, in addition to an existing six-to-18-month evaluation period. Patrick Moorhead, founder of Moor Insights & Strategy, told Fortune there is currently “not a lot of clarity” in U.S. AI policy. “The administration is sending mixed signals, depending on the day or the time of the day,” he said. “Is this chaos theory of negotiation? I don't know. Is this an administration that doesn't actually have a consistent AI policy? Or is it door number three, which is not doing media training, [and] getting on the same page?” Moorhead suspects it’s all of the above. For Huang, it’s a very delicate dance in order to get what he wants. That includes being friends with both China and the U.S., which, given the current trade-war environment and the supply-chain problems it has created, is no easy feat. This story was originally featured on Fortune.com With consumers and businesses alike worried about tariffs, economists are looking to see if “soft data” like recent weak consumer sentiment surveys will feed into “hard data” reports like retail sales and inflation. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg once considered separating Instagram from its parent company due to worries about antitrust litigation, according to an email shown Tuesday on the second day of an antitrust trial alleging Meta illegally monopolized the social media market.  In the 2018 email, Zuckerberg wrote that he was beginning to wonder if “spinning Instagram out” would be the only way to accomplish important goals, as big-tech companies grow.  Asked Tuesday by attorney Daniel Matheson, who is leading the antitrust case for the Federal Trade Commission, which incidence in corporate history he had in mind, Zuckerberg responded: “I'm not sure what I had in mind then.” Tariffs on China imports by the Trump administration led to a collapse in trans-Pacific ocean freight bookings by U.S. importers. The post ‘Tariff shockwave’ leads to collapse in ocean container bookings appeared first on FreightWaves. The ratings agency S&P warns that budget gimmicks, tariffs, and ever-mounting levels of federal debt are bad news for the fiscal outlook. U.S. President Donald Trump's new tariffs could cost U.S. semiconductor equipment makers more than $1 billion a year, according to industry calculations discussed with officials and lawmakers in Washington last week, two sources familiar with the matter said.  Each of the three largest U.S. chip equipment makers - Applied Materials, Lam Research and KLA - may suffer a loss of roughly $350 million over a year related to the tariffs, the sources said.  The potential billion-dollar cost to the chip equipment industry and talks between industry executives and U.S. officials over several days about those costs are reported here for the first time. Now is a great opportunity to invest in ASML and NVIDIA, both set to thrive after a recent drop in share prices. Nvidia says new US restrictions on exports of its H2O chip to China will cost the company billions of dollars. Bloomberg's Michael Shepard reports. Nvidia said it would record a $5.5 billion charge on its quarterly earnings and disclosed that the U.S. will now require a license for exporting the company's H20 processors to China and other countries.  Nvidia shares fell more than 6% in after-hours trading.  The H20 chips have far less processing power than the latest top-of-the-line Nvidia processors. Investors will seek clarity on the risks posed by tariffs U.S. President Donald Trump plans to impose on the semiconductor industry when computer chip equipment maker ASML reports first-quarter earnings on Wednesday.  Trump spared semiconductor equipment makers like ASML, from the 10% "baseline" tariffs on Sunday, as he prepares a sector-wide tariff on chips.  Net bookings, the most closely watched figure in the industry, are expected to reach 4.89 billion euros ($5.56 billion) in the first quarter of the year, according to estimates compiled by researcher Visible Alpha. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Walmart Inc. (NYSE:WMT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.