Title: Is Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ_META) a Reddit Stock with High Potential_
Date: 2025-04-16 15:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-platforms-inc-nasdaq-meta-153138836.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential.
On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC to discuss how investors should avoid knee-jerk reactions when it comes to volatility. Monica Guerra pointed out the significance of focusing on President Trump’s statements, as they contribute to market volatility despite their mixed and unclear nature. She acknowledged that deciphering his comments is challenging because they lack clarity but staying attentive to both presidential statements and congressional actions is still crucial. She stressed that policy certainty might emerge once Congress finalizes the budget, which is expected around August this year.
She also emphasized that while the day started positively with markets up by 0.79%, the situation otherwise remains uncertain. She reminded clients that the 90-day reprieve on tariffs is not the end of the story and the ongoing studies on semiconductors could lead to additional pressures related to tariffs and market volatility. Guerra noted that tariff revenues are being considered as funding sources for tax cuts and this interplay between tariffs and taxes could influence market volatility. On discussing future developments in tariff policy, she mentioned that more than 70 countries have approached President Trump in attempts to renegotiate the universal 10% tariff and reciprocal tariffs. She cautioned that even if reciprocal tariffs are eliminated and only the universal tariff remains, additional increases could be highly inflationary. China’s effective tariff rate is already at 145% and adding reciprocal tariffs could push inflationary pressures further.
Guerra advised clients against reacting impulsively to such news and encouraged them to focus on long-term investment goals.
We sifted through Reddit threads to make a list of the top stocks with the highest analysts’ upside potential (at least 30%) as of April 15. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of their upside potential. We have also added the hedge fund sentiment for each stock, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 1000 elite money managers.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A team of developers working in unison to create the company's messaging application.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 262
Average Upside Potential as of April 15: 40.17%
Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) develops products that enable people to connect and share with friends and family through mobile devices, personal computers, VR and mixed reality headsets, AR, and wearables. It operates through two segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). It was formerly known as Facebook Inc. until October 2021.
Meta’s total FoA revenue surged by 21% in Q4 2024. Notable, ad revenue for FoA alone rose by 21% as well. FoA recorded $47.3 billion in Q4 revenue, while FoA ad revenue was $46.8 billion in the same quarter. The total number of ad impressions also increased by 6%, and the average price per ad rose by 14%. Meta is further improving its revenue performance through better monetization efficiency.
On April 10, Thomas Champion from Piper Sandler maintained a Buy rating on the company with a $610 price target. This sentiment was fueled by performance checks with an Ad Buyer and an evaluation of Meta’s upcoming financial performance. Meta now anticipates generating $42.5 to $45.5 billion in revenue in the second quarter of the year. This will be a 9% to 16.5% improvement year-over-year.
Nightview Capital highlighted the company’s strong growth potential, due to its AI leadership with Llama model, advertising ecosystem, and AR capabilities. It stated the following regarding Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) in its Q4 2024 investor letter:
“Core Opportunity: Meta Platforms, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:META) platforms—Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp, and Messenger—reach nearly half the world’s population daily, making it one of the most powerful advertising ecosystems globally. With investments in AI and augmented reality (AR), we believe Meta is also creating significant optionality for long-term growth.
Overall, META ranks 8th on our list of the 12 Reddit stocks with high potential. While we acknowledge the growth potential of META, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than META but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ServiceNow, Inc. (NYSE:NOW) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, […]
We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential. On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC […]
The company plans to use the capital to further develop its technology, expand into new markets, among others.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
