How To Earn $500 A Month From Bank of America Stock Ahead Of Q1 Earnings
2025-04-14 12:48
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/earn-500-month-bank-america-124853726.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Bank of America Corporation(NYSE:BAC) will release its first-quarter financial results before theopening bell on Tuesday, April 15.Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at 82 cents per share, up from 76 cents per share in the year-ago period. Bank of America projects quarterly revenue of $26.91 billion, compared to $25.82 billion a year earlier, according to data fromBenzinga Pro.On April 7, Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck upgraded Bank of America from Equal-Weight to Overweight but lowered the price target from $56 to $47.With the recent buzz around Bank of America, some investors may be eyeing potential gains from the company's dividends too. As of now, Bank of America offers an annual dividend yield of 2.89%. That’s a quarterly dividend amount of 26 cents per share ($1.04 a year).To figure out how to earn $500 monthly from Bank of America, we start with the yearly target of $6,000 ($500 x 12 months).Next, we take this amount and divide it by Bank of America's $1.04 dividend: $6,000 / $1.04 = 5,769 shares.So, an investor would need to own approximately $207,396 worth of Bank of America, or 5,769 shares to generate a monthly dividend income of $500.Assuming a more conservative goal of $100 monthly ($1,200 annually), we do the same calculation: $1,200 / $1.04 = 1,154 shares, or $41,486 to generate a monthly dividend income of $100.View more earnings on BACNote that dividend yield can change on a rolling basis. The dividend payment and the stock price both fluctuate over time.The dividend yield is calculated by dividing the annual dividend payment by the current stock price. As the stock price changes, the dividend yield will also change.For example, if a stock pays an annual dividend of $2 and its current price is $50. That means its dividend yield would be 4%. However, if the stock price increases to $60, the dividend yield would decrease to 3.33% ($2/$60).Conversely, if the stock price decreases to $40, the dividend yield would increase to 5% ($2/$40).Further, the dividend payment itself can also change over time, which can also impact the dividend yield. If a company increases its dividend payment, the dividend yield will increase even if the stock price remains the same. Similarly, if a company decreases its dividend payment, the dividend yield will decrease.BAC Price Action:Shares of Bank of America gained by 0.3% to close at $35.95 on Friday.Read More:Top 3 Industrials Stocks That May Explode In AprilImage: ShutterstockUNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?This articleHow To Earn $500 A Month From Bank of America Stock Ahead Of Q1 Earningsoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.The stock market may seem like a difficult place right now, with indexes taking new directions from day to day and even from hour to hour.  President Donald Trump's tariffs on imports have stoked concern about corporate profits moving forward and the health of the general economy.  The president has put a 90-day pause on his initial plan to allow for negotiations between the U.S. and trading partners, but until solutions are found, stock market volatility could persist.Investors are looking for solid dividend stocks with volatility returning to the markets.  Coca-Cola (NYSE: KO) has historically weathered recessions well.  It has increased the dividend for 63 consecutive years after recently increasing its quarterly payment by 5% to $0.51.Palantir (NASDAQ: PLTR) stock posted big gains in Monday's trading.  The software company's share price closed out the daily session up 4.6% and had been up as much as 9.9% earlier in the session.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite closed out the day up 0.7% and 0.6%, respectively.Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bank of America Corporation (BAC), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and Stryker Corporation (SYK), as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. (VALU) and Sypris Solutions, Inc. (SYPR).We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arm Holdings plc (NASDAQ:ARM) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely […]Bank of America and Citigroup are expected to notch higher revenue and profit when they post results Tuesday morning.  On Monday, Goldman Sachs reported profit that jumped 15% from a year earlier as its trading business boomed.The next family dinner might be more awkward than usual, thanks to John Mulaney.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettIs it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.