Title: Apple Rallies After Dodging Tariffs, Wins Analyst Nod
Date: 2025-04-15 19:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-rallies-dodging-tariffs-wins-190437884.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Apple (AAPL, Financials) shares climbed about 2% to close at $202.52 on Monday after KeyBanc upgraded the stock, citing the company's exemption from a new round of U.S. tariffs on tech imports. The firm raised its rating on Apple to sector weight from underweight following the Trump administration's decision to exclude smartphones, computers, and other electronics from the latest reciprocal tariffs. KeyBanc analyst Brandon Nispel said in a note that the decision significantly reduces the downside risk from a prolonged trade conflict between the United States and China. Citi maintained its outperform rating on Apple but lowered its sales projections for iPhones, Macs, and wearables. The bank cited expectations of a global economic slowdown due to the broader impact of tariffs, even as Apple's core products received exemptions. According to Citi, Apple remains vulnerable to weakening macroeconomic conditions. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick said Sunday that the tariff exemption is not permanent and that the administration could introduce new tariffs within the next two months. That raises questions about how long the trade relief will benefit Apple and other tech companies. Wedbush, which also has an outperform rating on the stock, said the temporary nature of the exemption creates space for potential negotiations between the United States and China. The firm noted that Apple and other major tech companies are closely watching for any developments that could renew trade tensions. Despite the recent gains, Apple shares are down nearly 20% since the start of the year. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against the other American tech stocks. American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies […] As consumers become more aware and more discerning about what they buy, companies that embrace Conscious Capitalism will enjoy an ever-growing competitive edge over those that simply look to grow profits and any cost.  In this podcast, Motley Fool co-founder David Gardner hosts the founder and CEO of Fair Trade USA, Paul Rice, who explains how trade can be more effective than aid in improving the world's economic issues.  To catch full episodes of all The Motley Fool's free podcasts, check out our podcast center. Dozens of shareholders have called on Amazon to disclose further details about its decision to close seven facilities in Quebec, Canada. Amazon.com has emailed its third-party sellers in recent days asking how tariffs are impacting their businesses, from sourcing to pricing strategies and international sales, according to a copy viewed by The Wall Street Journal.  “We’re still dealing with the repercussions of various tariff policies, and I believe it’s crucial for us that you share current experiences and strategies,” the email says.  Amazon also asked in the email about the merchants’ use of the company’s logistics services, which many sellers use to pack and ship their products. Whatever the implementation timeline, US tariffs will significantly impact consumer electronics OEMs and telcos. Apple stands out as being particularly vulnerable, with growing pressure to shift its production to the US. But how feasible is all that? In the latest trading session, Cadence Design Systems (CDNS) closed at $260.56, marking a +0.42% move from the previous day. We came across a bullish thesis on Medtronic plc (MDT) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on MDT. Medtronic plc (MDT)’s share was trading at $84.22 as of April 14th. MDT’s trailing and forward P/E were 25.68 and 14.39 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Medtronic (MDT), one of the […] The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.