Title: Big banks report Q1 beats, China stops taking Boeing deliveries_ Morning Buzz
Date: 2025-04-16 15:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/big-banks-report-q1-beats-155936913.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: The major averages were fractionally higher near noon, adding slightly to yesterday’s gains as investors reacted to fresh headlinesonU.S.-China trade tensions and a new round of corporate earnings. Markets are attempting to stabilize after a rocky stretch, but much of the tone is being shaped by President Trump’s latesttariffdecisions. After last week’s escalation, he’s now backing off slightly, offering temporary relief on key consumer electronics and signaling possible concessions for the auto sector. Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter withTop Smart Score Stocks. Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities usingTipranks' Stock Screener. Looking to commodities, gold shares are up marginally, still hovering above the $3,200 threshold. Meanwhile, oil prices are lower, but only fractionally. Get caught up quickly on the top news and calls moving stocks with these five Top Five lists. 1. STOCK NEWS: Bank of America(BAC) reportedbetter-than-expected Q1 results, with the company saying it grew commercial loans in every line of business in the quarter Citi(C) reportedupbeat Q1 earnings and revenueand provided revenue guidance for FY25 Johnson & Johnson(JNJ) reportedbetter-than-expected Q1 results, raised its FY25 operational sales outlook, and increased its quarterly dividend about 5% Lowe’s(LOW) agreed to acquireArtisan Design Group for $1.325B China has ordered airlines to halt further deliveries of Boeing(BA) jets,Bloomberg reports 2. WALL STREET CALLS: General Motors(GM)downgradedto Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays HubSpot(HUBS)upgradedto Buy from Neutral at UBS PepsiCo(PEP)downgradedto Neutral at BofA on slower snacks growth Nike(NKE)initiatedwith neutral view at Berenberg, here’s why Benchmarkstarts“dominant regional leader” MercadoLibre(MELI) with a Buy 3. AROUND THE WEB: Elliott Investment Managementhas built a large position worth more than $1.5B in HP Enterprise(HPE),Bloomberg says Honda(HMC) is considering plans to relocate the production of models to the U.S. from Mexico and Canada in response to an additional 25% tariff imposed by theTrumpAdministration,Nikkei reports AMD(AMD) CEO says the company plans to build moreAIservers in U.S.,Bloomberg says LVMH(LVMUY) is considering moving some of its manufacturing to the U.S. amid Donald Trump’s tariff threats,Business Insider says According to people who attended Netflix’s(NFLX) annual business review meeting last month, the company aims to reach a $1T market capitalization and double its revenue by 2030,WSJ reports

