Title: BofA keeps Neutral on Pfizer after danuglipron failure as core thesis unchanged
Date: 2025-04-15 15:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bofa-keeps-neutral-pfizer-danuglipron-150532621.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
BofA analyst Tim Anderson notes Pfizer (PFE) announced danuglipron, an oral GLP-1 obesity, is being discontinued, following a case of liver injury seen in the phase 1 study. The firm points out that it has argued that this program has received almost too much attention – not because obesity isn’t important, but because this was only phase 1 data. Without danuglipron, Pfizer’s obesity pipeline now consists of a GIP receptor antagonist in phase 2 and a phase 1 oral GLP-1 in T2D with Nxera Pharma. If the company is committed to obesity, a possible next step could be business development, BofA argues. The firm reiterates a Neutral rating for Pfizer as it believes core thesis remains unchanged.
Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter with Top Smart Score Stocks.
Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities using  Tipranks' Stock Screener.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See Insiders’ Hot Stocks on TipRanks >> 
Read More on PFE:
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Is Pfizer Stock (PFE) Worth Buying After Its Weight Loss Pill Failure?
BTIG highlights some reasons to own Viking shares after danuglipron discontinued
Smaller obesity drugmakers jump after Pfizer scraps weight-loss pill
JPMorgan says Pfizer news ‘mostly a positive’ for Structure, Viking
Viking, Structure rally after Pfizer halts obesity drug development
↗️ Goldman Sachs (GS): The Wall Street bank posted better-than-expected results, boosted by a surge in equities trading in the first quarter, which ended just before President Trump's sweeping tariffs.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
CVS Health and UnitedHealth are two of the top companies leading the S&P 500 chart YTD. But which is the better investment now? Let's take a closer look.
Carmat is preparing to commence implants in the second half of this year.
HQY stock is down more than 13% YTD amid cyber threats and rising costs, but strong HSA fundamentals remain. Is it time to hold or fold? Let's break it down.
Pre-markets are down somewhat, following yesterday's +3/4-percent gain on the Dow and the S&P 500, +2/3-percent gain for the Nasdaq.
Shares of Viking Therapeutics (VKTX) and Structure Therapeutics (GPCR) are on the rise on Monday after Pfizer (PFE) announced its decision to discontinue development of danuglipron, an oral glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, which was being investigated for chronic weight management. While Morgan Stanley predicts “limited reaction” in Pfizer’s shares following the news, JPMorgan tells investors that the decision is “mostly a positive” for Structure and Viking, both developing drugs in the
BofA lowered the firm’s price target on West Pharmaceutical (WST) to $280 from $285 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. Sentiment for Life Sciences and Diagnostic Tools and Contract Research Organizations is “particularly negative” heading into earnings given that these companies “sit at the intersection of a number of policy changes from the Trump Administration,” including headwinds from NIH budget cuts and global tariffs, as well as broader macro concerns, especially around China, the analy
We recently published a list of 10 Best Pharma Stocks to Buy for Long Term Growth. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pacira BioSciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX) stands against other best pharma stocks to buy for long term growth. U.S. Pharma Turns to China for Drug Deals With big American […]
The FDA bestows a Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy tag on FATE's pipeline candidate, FT819, for treating moderate-to-severe systemic lupus erythematosus.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.