Title: Pfizer's $130B Weight-Loss Dream Just Collapsed
Date: 2025-04-14 15:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizers-130b-weight-loss-dream-151831937.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) just pulled the plug on its daily weight-loss pill, danuglipron, after a clinical trial flagged a potential drug-related liver injury. That decision comes after earlier setbacks tied to severe nausea in its twice-daily versionand leaves Pfizer even further behind in a weight-loss market expected to hit $130 billion by 2030. With demand for Covid products fading fast, the company had pinned big hopes on obesity drugs to fill the gap. Instead, it's now heading back to the drawing board.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Signs with PFE.
The market didn't take the news lightly. Pfizer shares dropped around 1% premarket 8.59am, while rivals popped. Novo Nordisk (NYSE:NVO) jumped 2.75%, Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY) rose 2.27% , and Viking Therapeutics (NASDAQ:VKTX) soared nearly 20% in the premarket trading at the same timeall riding momentum from stronger weight-loss offerings. Lilly's Zepbound, a once-weekly injectable, is already generating nearly $5 billion a year and has an oral version in the final stretch of trials. Structure Therapeutics and AstraZeneca aren't far behind, with their own oral contenders in the pipeline.
This misstep throws more heat on Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla, who's under pressure to offset looming patent cliffs that could wipe out $15 billion in revenue by decade's end. So far, the pipeline hasn't delivered, and the M&A spree hasn't produced a clear winner. As competitors rack up approvals and market share, Pfizer may have to rethink its next moveand fast. Investors will be watching closely to see if another round of strategic acquisitions is in the cards.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
↗️ Goldman Sachs (GS): The Wall Street bank posted better-than-expected results, boosted by a surge in equities trading in the first quarter, which ended just before President Trump's sweeping tariffs.
Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bank of America Corporation (BAC), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and Stryker Corporation (SYK), as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. (VALU) and Sypris Solutions, Inc. (SYPR).
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
Shares of Novo Nordisk, Eli Lilly, Structure Therapeutics and Viking Therapeutics gain as PFE abandons development of its obesity candidate, danuglipron, due to safety issues.
We recently published a list of Biotech Stocks Dominate Monday’s Top 10 Gainers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Viking Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VKTX) stands against other biotech stocks that dominate Monday’s top gainers. The stock market kicked off the shortened trading week on a positive note, with Wall Street’s major […]
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortagePresident Donald Trump’s administration pressed forward with plans to impose tariffs on semiconductor and pharmaceutical imports by initiating trade
While the market continues to digest tariff headlines and other economic developments, UnitedHealth, Newmont, and Sprouts Farmers Market have all been climbing higher.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.