Title: NVO, LLY, GPCR & VKTX Stocks Gain Following PFE's Obesity Study Setback
Date: 2025-04-15 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvo-lly-gpcr-vktx-stocks-140000975.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Obesity stocks like Novo Nordisk NVO, Eli Lilly LLY, Structure Therapeutics GPCR and Viking Therapeutics VKTX gained 2.1%, 3%, 10.6% and 19.2%, respectively, on Monday after pharma bigwig Pfizer PFE announced that it is discontinuing the development of its GLP-1R weight loss pill, danuglipron.
Pfizer has decided to discontinue the development of its oral obesity drug danuglipron, despite promising results from dose-optimization studies that met key pharmacokinetic goals and showed potential for competitive efficacy and tolerability. Although liver enzyme elevations in the enrolled patients were generally consistent with other approved drugs in the same class, one patient experienced a potential case of drug-induced liver injury, which resolved after stopping treatment with danuglipron.
After reviewing all clinical data and considering regulatory feedback, Pfizer concluded that halting the program was the best course of action. This decision reverted Pfizer’s developmental program for an obesity candidate back to the early clinical stages and has significantly delayed its hopes for marketing an obesity drug that would compete with Lilly’s Zepbound and Novo Nordisk’s Wegovy for market share.
However, PFE shares have not slid despite the setback, which likely reflects positive investor expectations regarding Pfizer’s ability to bounce back from its current predicament. Pfizer plans to continue the development of its oral GIPR antagonist candidate, PF-07976016, which is currently in mid-stage development and other early-stage obesity programs. Pfizer could also in-license rights to a late-stage obesity candidate from other biotechs for developing and commercialization.
Interestingly, Jefferies reduced Pfizer’s price target from $34 to $32 following the setback, but maintained its BUY rating for the stock.
Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly currently dominate the obesity market on the back of the tremendous success of their GLP-1 injections. Lilly markets its dual GIP and GLP-1 receptor agonist, tirzepatide, as Zepbound for obesity, while Novo Nordisk markets its semaglutide drug as Wegovy injection for weight management.
Year to date, shares of PFE, LLY and NVO have lost 16.6%, 2.3% and 23.2%, respectively, compared with the industry’s 4.9% decline.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Pfizer’s setback eliminates an imminent contender for LLY and NVO’s market share in the obesity space. Both firms have been raking in substantial revenues from the sale of their respective obesity injections. In 2024, Zepbound sales amounted to $4.9 billion, while Wegovy sales recorded $8.4 billion during the same time frame, both representing a substantial increase over their previous year's figures.
Shares of Lilly, Novo Nordisk, Viking Therapeutics and Structure Therapeutics rose as Pfizer's decision to discontinue its obesity pill program removes a key competitor from the market. Lilly and Novo Nordisk are also developing oral pills for treating obesity. Oral drugs are easier to use compared to injections, which can improve patient compliance. NVO is developing its oral obesity pill, amycretin, in a mid-stage study while Lilly’s oral obesity pill, orforglipron, is currently undergoing phase III development.
Viking Therapeutics and Structure Therapeutics also have oral obesity candidates in their pipeline in mid-stage development.
Year to date, shares of VKTX and GPCR have plunged 38.9% and 30.1%, respectively, compared with the industry’s 6.4% decline.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
VKTX is currently evaluating the safety and efficacy of the oral formulation of its experimental obesity drug, VK2735, in a mid-stage study. Last month, the company reported completing enrollment in the phase II VENTURE-Oral Dosing study of the candidate for the obesity indication. Data from this study is expected in the second half of 2025.
VKTX also plans to start a late-stage study on the subcutaneous version of VK2735 by the first half of this year.
On the other hand, Structure Therapeutics is conducting multiple mid-stage studies on its lead candidate, aleniglipron(GSBR-1290), a highly selective oral GLP-1 receptor agonist, for treating healthy overweight or obese individuals.
The rapid advancements being made by Viking Therapeutics and Structure Therapeutics in the development of their respective oral obesity treatment candidates have made them lucrative targets for collaboration or M&A deals.
While Pfizer, Novo Nordisk, Eli Lilly and  Structure Therapeutics currently carry a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) each, Viking Therapeutics has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) at present.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Viking Therapeutics, Inc. (VKTX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Structure Therapeutics Inc. Sponsored ADR (GPCR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
No one ever claimed investing in the biotech industry was a smooth ride, but for shareholders of Viking Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VKTX), the turbulence has been extremely challenging thus far.  The stock is down 71% over the past year, amid ongoing uncertainties regarding the timeline for future commercialization of its clinical pipeline and the broader stock market sell-off.  Progress toward regulatory approval with multiple data readouts expected later this year could be the catalyst for shares to rebound sharply.
Verve Therapeutics stock rises on demonstrating superior LDL-C lowering ability in a phase Ib study of VERVE-102 in patients with HeFH and/or CAD.
Merck and AbbVie are included in this Analyst Blog.
↗️ Goldman Sachs (GS): The Wall Street bank posted better-than-expected results, boosted by a surge in equities trading in the first quarter, which ended just before President Trump's sweeping tariffs.
This summer, UnitedHealth, Amedisys and antitrust regulators will have a magistrate judge’s help in hashing out a solution to the DOJ’s opposition to the merger.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
HYDERABAD (Reuters) -The India launch of Eli Lilly's popular weight-loss drug Mounjaro has triggered a huge wave of patient enquiries about its availability, with some Indian doctors fielding hundreds of calls about the medicine, according to a Reuters survey.  The survey of 18 doctors, patients and weight-loss clinic operators follows the U.S. drugmaker's market entry ahead of Danish obesity drug rival Novo Nordisk into a nation expected to have the second-largest population of overweight or obese people by 2050.  "Since the launch of Mounjaro, we have seen a remarkable increase in customer interest," said Suryansh Kumar, founder of  Delhi-based weight management services provider Elevate Now.
BofA Securities analyst Shaun C. Kelley shared his first-quarter preview of the gaming sector Monday. Kelley already adjusted first-quarter estimates for full-year estimates to reflect a more uncertain Macau environment, incorporate regional gaming trends, discuss recent digital trends, tweak Macau share estimates, and lower his price targets to reflect the market re-rating. It’s been volatile, but gaming stocks are down 12% year-to-date compared to the S&P’s 9% decline. Also Read: Sony Raises P
Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bank of America Corporation (BAC), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and Stryker Corporation (SYK), as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. (VALU) and Sypris Solutions, Inc. (SYPR).
Northern Trust (NTRS) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.