Peter Schiff Says Trump's Strategic Bitcoin Reserve Is Already Down 'Over 12%,' Claims If We'd Bough
2025-04-12 23:00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/peter-schiff-says-trumps-strategic-230055940.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Economist and gold advocate Peter Schiff is back with sharp criticism of both Bitcoin and President Donald Trump's latest economic policies. On Monday, Schiff said the newly formed Strategic Bitcoin Reserve has already lost more than 12% of its value since it was created on March 6. He argued that if the government had opted to invest in gold instead, the reserve would be showing a 2% gain.Don't Miss:‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing — this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share."A month ago on Mar. 6th, Trump established the Strategic Bitcoin Reserve," Schiff posted on X. "So far, the value of the Bitcoin held in that reserve has declined by over 12%. Had the U.S. sold it and added to our gold reserve, not only would we have avoided that loss, but we would now have a 2% gain."When a user pushed back, asking about the trillions lost when the U.S. sold Bitcoin years ago, Schiff replied, “That’s irrelevant, as we didn’t have a Strategic Bitcoin Reserve years ago. We can only count how much money the government gains or loses going forward of the reserve.”Last month, Schiff warned that the Strategic Bitcoin Reserve is being used to lure in unsuspecting investors. “The crypto industry is using the Strategic Bitcoin Reserve to scam more Americans into buying crypto. Thanks to Trump, more Americans will lose more money in crypto than in any prior speculative mania in history.” He mentioned the $TRUMP meme coin as a “perfect example,” saying it was already down over 80%.Trending: Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm — invest pre-IPO from $0.55 per share now.Schiff didn't stop with Bitcoin. He also took aim at Trump's new round of tariffs, calling them an even worse idea. “Tariffs are worse. Doing nothing would be less harmful than what Trump is doing,” Schiff said.He argued that the crypto market has been trending downward when measured in gold and warned that Ethereum could fall below $1,000, a level it last saw in June 2022. At the time of writing, the price is $1,463. Despite pushback from crypto traders highlighting the technology and ecosystem growth, Schiff stuck to his stance: over the past three-and-a-half years, Bitcoin has lost more than 30% of its value in gold terms.Schiff also weighed in on how Trump's tariffs could affect major American brands. In a post last week, he said Nike won't be shifting manufacturing back to the U.S. despite steep new tariffs.See Also: Invest in the Future of Digital Engagement. Own a Piece of the $100 Billion Metaverse Today for Just $500."Nike won’t build factories in the U.S. to make sneakers. That would add more cost than the 40% tariffs," he wrote. “They will eventually sell more sneakers to consumers in other countries instead, as they buy what Americans can no longer afford.”Nike's stock dropped over 17% after Trump announced the new tariffs. Countries like Vietnam and Indonesia—where Nike makes a large portion of its products—were hit with tariff increases of up to 46%.Schiff says that higher costs and shrinking U.S. sales will force companies like Nike to look elsewhere for growth. "The result will be fewer sneakers sold in the U.S. at much higher prices," he warned.As markets continue to react to the administration's policies, Schiff has positioned himself as a loud critic, arguing that both the Bitcoin reserve and tariff strategy are costly missteps.Read Next:With Shares Starting at Just $1.52, This Could be Your Chance to Invest in the Future of Healthcare.Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets – with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share!UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK. Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis ReportThis article Peter Schiff Says Trump's Strategic Bitcoin Reserve Is Already Down 'Over 12%,' Claims If We'd Bought Gold Instead, We'd Be Up 2% Right Now originally appeared on Benzinga.com© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.Anthony Scaramucci, the former White House communications director turned fierce Trump critic, says President Donald Trump’s chaotic trade policies are wreaking havoc on the markets, and the damage isn’t just economic. ‘Trump Is the Virus,’ Says Former Aide “This is COVID-like selling, but now Trump is the virus and there is no cure. Except the 25th Amendment,” Scaramucci posted on X on Monday. The post came as stocks reeled from Trump’s aggressive new tariffs, which were announced as part of hiThe stock market took one of the worst nosedives at the beginning of April as President Trump's tariffs and plans to reshape the global economy seemed to only drive fear into the market, sending...Though the Oracle of Omaha doesn't offer stock-specific recommendations, he has one investment in mind that's perfect for everyday investors.On April 16, the Social Security Administration will send out payments to U.S. retirees in Group 3. Payments are distributed on four different dates throughout the month, based on the beneficiary’s year of retirement and birthdate. Eligibility and Payment Dates Explained: Social Security payments are categorised into separate groups, depending on when a retiree begins receiving benefits. Group 3 is defined by the following factors: the retiree's retirement must not have been approved before MayThe Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
