Title: Nike price target lowered to $70 from $80 at Telsey Advisory
Date: 2025-05-07 13:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-price-target-lowered-70-133127981.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Telsey Advisory lowered the firm’s price target on Nike (NKE) to $70 from $80 and keeps a Market Perform rating on the shares. The firm believes Nike is still several quarters away from reaching stabilization in the business, but the company is making “the right moves” to clean up its inventory, the analyst tells investors. The company, however, continues to face several structural profit headwinds, causing a lack of visibility into the company’s financial algorithm over the next few years, the firm adds.
Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals in  TipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter.
Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,  delivered straight to your inbox.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See Insiders’ Hot Stocks on TipRanks >> 
Read More on NKE:
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Nike Announces Major Leadership Restructuring for Growth
Nike announces leadership changes; President of Consumer/Product resigns
M&A News: Skechers USA Stock (SKX) Leaps 25% After it Ties Up $9B Takeover By 3G Capital
Nike only Pershing investment directly impacted by tariffs so far, Ackman says
Nike price target lowered to $56 from $64 at JPMorgan
Greystone Capital Management, an investment management company, released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter, the median account return for separate accounts managed by the firm was -7.9%, net of fees. The fund unfavorably and favorably compared to the S&P 500 and Russell 2000 […]
Disney reported better-than-expected results on both the top and bottom lines.  Disney increased its guidance for the rest of its fiscal year.  Disney surprised investors by handily beating expectations on both the top and bottom lines in its fiscal second quarter.
After President Donald Trump suggested levying a 100% tariff on movies and shows made outside America, Citi stated that Netflix (NFLX) has a means of reducing the negative impact of such duties on its financial results. However, the bank, which kept a Neutral rating on the name, warned that the potential tariffs could lower NFLX’s […]
We recently published a list of 11 Most Promising Future Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM) stands against other most promising future stocks to buy now. The past year has seen investors pour money into futuristic trends such as electric vehicles […]
We recently published a list of Billionaire Louis Bacon’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stock picks with huge upside potential. Louis Moore Bacon is the founder, Chairman, and principal investment manager of Moore Capital Management, a […]
The U.S. dollar has fallen for the fourth straight day, raising concerns about the health of the American economy and the global financial system’s confidence in U.S. policy direction.
Here are the top 15 wealth-creating stocks of the last 10 years.
We recently published a list of Billionaire John Paulson’s 10 Stocks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks with huge upside potential. John Alfred Paulson is an American billionaire hedge fund manager who founded Paulson & Co. in 1994. It is […]
Shares of  Deckers Outdoor  the worst performer in the  this year through Tuesday, may be close to hitting bottom after a slide of more than 40%.  While investors are worried about how badly President Donald Trump’s tariffs will hurt earnings, the stock’s valuation compared with shares of other footwear companies, and slowing sales growth, analysts see reason for optimism.  Deckers makes both Hoka running shoes and UGG boots.
Bank of America (BAC) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.