Title: Is NIKE, Inc. (NKE) the Best Dow Stock?
Date: 2025-05-07 18:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-inc-nke-best-dow-181936670.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other Dow stocks.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the US economy and carries great historical significance as well.
It also acts as a reference point for analysts and investors. However, not all stocks within this elite group of companies perform equally. While some thrive on innovation and economic boom, others struggle due to various setbacks and economic trends.
We decided to break down the index and find out the best and worst stocks, looking at what was making them perform unexpectedly this year.
In order to come up with our ranking of the best and worst Dow stocks, we first assigned a rank to each stock based on the number of hedge funds holding the stock. We then looked at the short interest in each stock and assigned the top rank to the company with the least short interest.
We then combined the two ranks to see which stock was the best on average. The list is in ascending order, with the best stock taking the number one spot.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A team of trainers and athletes displaying a wide range of athletic and casual footwear.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 73
Short Interest as of Apr 30, 2025: 4.35%
NIKE, Inc. operates as a developer, designer, marketer, and seller of apparel, athletic footwear, accessories, equipment, and services. Following President Donald Trump’s social media post about a productive call with Vietnam’s leaders on trade restrictions, the company’s shares surged around 4.5%.
However, NKE is the most shorted stock on the Dow with a short interest of 4.35%.  It has lost over one-third of its value in the last year, with the company management lobbying to get an exemption from tariffs to protect American consumers.
There is reason to believe that an exemption may be on the cards. Earlier in April, Trump was approached by the Vietnamese authorities and this was how he responded:
“Just had a very productive call with To Lam, General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam, who told me that Vietnam wants to cut their tariffs down to ZERO if they are able to make an agreement with the U.S. I thanked him on behalf of our country and said I look forward to a meeting in the near future.”
In partnership with Kim Kardashian’s SKIMS, the athletic apparel giant is preparing to launch a new brand. The firm is organizing a team of designers and executives for the launch of a new spring collection.  The NikeSkims project will include footwear, training apparel, and accessories, aiming for global expansion in 2026.
NIKE has recently announced another partnership with Ja Morant and Kraft-Heinz’s Kool-Aid brand. This deal aims to launch a new shoe collaboration, the Nike x Kool-Aid Ja 2. This partnership blends nostalgia, creativity, and sneaker culture, highlighting Ja’s personality.
Overall, NKE ranks 29th on our list of best and worst Dow stocks. While we acknowledge the potential of NKE as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NKE but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the […]
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength […]
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Honeywell International Inc. (NASDAQ:HON) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of […]
Berkshire Hathaway has amassed 28% of Occidental Petroleum, but its stock has slumped as U.S. oil prices come under pressure.
Artificial intelligence (AI) could be the most significant economic transformation since the internet.  Artificial intelligence (AI) may be the most transformative technological revolution since the advent of the internet.  Economic forecasts project that AI could add $15.7 trillion to the global economy by 2030, fundamentally reshaping industries from healthcare and finance to manufacturing and entertainment.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of […]
We recently published a list of 12 Most Popular Stocks on Robinhood in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other most popular stocks on Robinhood in 2025. Individual investors, often called retail investors, on platforms as Robinhood represent an increasingly influential market […]
Telsey Advisory lowered the firm’s price target on Nike (NKE) to $70 from $80 and keeps a Market Perform rating on the shares. The firm believes Nike is still several quarters away from reaching stabilization in the business, but the company is making “the right moves” to clean up its inventory, the analyst tells investors. The company, however, continues to face several structural profit headwinds, causing a lack of visibility into the company’s financial algorithm over the next few years, the
We came across a bullish thesis on Snowflake Inc. (NYSE:SNOW) on ValueInvestorsClub by Wells. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on SNOW. The company’s shares were trading at $147.56 when this thesis was published, vs. the closing price of $158.96 on Apr 28. SNOW provides a cloud-based data platform for various organizations […]
One of the hardest hit sectors has been industrial REITs.  This complicated mess has led to a market sell-off and to one particular property niche of the real estate investment trust (REIT) sector getting hit extra hard.  If you like to buy the biggest and best companies in a sector, well, the standout in the industrial REIT niche is Prologis (NYSE: PLD).
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.