Title: 1 Dow Jones Stock with Impressive Fundamentals and 2 to Be Wary Of
Date: 2025-05-07 04:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-dow-jones-stock-impressive-043231622.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
The Dow Jones (^DJI) is made up of 30 of the most established and influential companies in the market. But even blue-chip stocks can struggle - some are dealing with slowing growth, outdated business models, or increasing competition.
Not all Dow Jones stocks are worth owning - which is why we built StockStory to help you invest wisely. Keeping that in mind, here is one Dow Jones stock positioned for long-term growth and two best left off your watchlist.
Market Cap: $84.19 billion
Originally selling Japanese Onitsuka Tiger sneakers as Blue Ribbon Sports, Nike (NYSE:NKE) is a global titan in athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories.
Why Do We Avoid NKE?
Constant currency growth was below our standards over the past two years, suggesting it might need to invest in product improvements to get back on track
Sales are projected to tank by 6.4% over the next 12 months as its demand continues evaporating
Shrinking returns on capital suggest that increasing competition is eating into the company’s profitability
Nike’s stock price of $58.20 implies a valuation ratio of 28.2x forward P/E. If you’re considering NKE for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more.
Market Cap: $150.9 billion
With its iconic yellow machinery working on construction sites, Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) manufactures construction equipment like bulldozers, excavators, and parts and maintenance services.
Why Does CAT Worry Us?
Organic revenue growth fell short of our benchmarks over the past two years and implies it may need to improve its products, pricing, or go-to-market strategy
Sales are projected to remain flat over the next 12 months as demand decelerates from its two-year trend
Gross margin of 29% reflects its high production costs
At $323.10 per share, Caterpillar trades at 16.5x forward P/E. To fully understand why you should be careful with CAT, check out our full research report (it’s free).
Market Cap: $3.22 trillion
Short for microcomputer software, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is the largest software vendor in the world with its Windows operating system, Office suite, and cloud computing services.
Why Is MSFT a Good Business?
Microsoft is one of the great brands not just in tech but all of business. It produces mission-critical software and bundles it together, resulting in cream-of-the-crop gross margins.
The company's elite unit economics lead to robust profit margins that improve over time. This speaks to the scale advantages and operating efficiency across its diverse portfolio, which spans everything from Office and Azure to Minecraft.
Microsoft has a virtuous cycle of returns. Its dominant market position enables it to generate strong free cash flow, and it reinvests these funds into promising ventures that further strengthen its competitive moat.
Microsoft is trading at $435.96 per share, or 30.5x forward price-to-earnings. Is now the right time to buy? See for yourself in our in-depth research report, it’s free.
Market indices reached historic highs following Donald Trump’s presidential victory in November 2024, but the outlook for 2025 is clouded by new trade policies that could impact business confidence and growth.
While this has caused many investors to adopt a "fearful" wait-and-see approach, we’re leaning into our best ideas that can grow regardless of the political or macroeconomic climate. Take advantage of Mr. Market by checking out our Top 5 Strong Momentum Stocks for this week. This is a curated list of our High Quality stocks that have generated a market-beating return of 175% over the last five years.
Stocks that made our list in 2019 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+2,183% between December 2019 and December 2024) as well as under-the-radar businesses like United Rentals (+322% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free.
Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) shares rose early Wednesday as it issued an upbeat fiscal second-quarte
The chipmaker's data center revenue surged 57% year over year, driven largely by continued strong demand for its AI chips that compete with industry leader Nvidia's chips.
We recently published a list of Here’s What Fueled These 10 Firms’ Surge. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Celanese Corporation (NYSE:CE) stands against other Tuesday’s best-performing stocks. The stock market ended the trading session in the red on Tuesday, with all major indices giving up earlier gains, as investors […]
The strong momentum in these stocks is based on real results.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […]
(Reuters) -Uber's core ride-hailing business posted its slowest revenue growth since the pandemic in the first quarter due to sluggish U.S. travel demand, but executives signaled confidence in navigating the economic uncertainty with an upbeat forecast.  The company has been leaning on international markets and partnerships with autonomous taxi operators to sustain the rapid growth of the post-pandemic quarters and shore up investor confidence.  CFO Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah told analysts on Wednesday the company saw a "slightly higher mix of international trips, and that's a bit due to lower inbound U.S. travel."
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.