Big Bank earnings, Fed commentary, tax deadline_ What to Watch
2025-04-14 23:00
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/big-bank-earnings-fed-commentary-230000867.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Yahoo Finance hostJosh Liptonhighlights what to watch on Tuesday, April 15.Earnings reports are expected from Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Albertsons (ACI), and United Airlines (UAL), as well as major banks like Bank of America (BAC) and Citi (C).Fresh Federal Reserve commentary is coming as Fed Governor Lisa Cook is set to speak.The deadline to file 2024 federal income tax returns is also on Tuesday.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtimehere.Time now for to watch Tuesday, April 15th, and sponsored by Tasty Trades. Starting off on the earnings front, we're going to be getting some earnings from Johnson & Johnson, Albertsons, and United Airlines. United announced results for the first quarter after the market closed. Analysts expecting weaker demand to weigh on United's Q1 profit. Investors will listen closely for any commentary on the call about guidance. Last week, remember fellow airline Delta pulled its full-year guidance because of uncertainty from President Trump's tariffs. Sticking with earnings, more bank earnings, they are on the way in the morning. That includes Bank of America, City, and PNC. Bank of America announcing results for the first quarter before the markets open. Analysts expecting that the big banks' profits from interest income could face pressure due to slower loan demand and shifting expectations for interest rates. And moving over to the Fed, we're going to be getting some commentary from Fed Governor Lisa Cook. This coming after comments today from Fed Governor Christopher Waller. Waller saying that he's expecting the impact of tariffs on inflation to be temporary. And finally, if you're still working on your federal tax filing, now is the time to get it in. The deadline to file your 2024 federal income tax return is tomorrow.Bank of America and Citigroup are expected to notch higher revenue and profit when they post results Tuesday morning.  On Monday, Goldman Sachs reported profit that jumped 15% from a year earlier as its trading business boomed.We recently published a list of Biotech Stocks Dominate Monday’s Top 10 Gainers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Summit Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:SMMT) stands against other biotech stocks that dominate Monday’s top gainers. The stock market kicked off the shortened trading week on a positive note, with Wall Street’s […]Palantir (NASDAQ: PLTR) stock posted big gains in Monday's trading.  The software company's share price closed out the daily session up 4.6% and had been up as much as 9.9% earlier in the session.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite closed out the day up 0.7% and 0.6%, respectively.Despite PPL's rising estimates and systematic expenditure to strengthen operations, our suggestion for investors is to wait and look for a better entry point, as the stock is trading at a premium.Store visits were up more than 10% in 2024 compared with 2019, Placer.ai reported.Treasury Secretary&nbsp;Scott Bessent&nbsp;played down the recent selloff in the bond market, rejecting speculation that foreign nations were dumping their holdings of&nbsp;US Treasuries, while flagging that his department has tools to address dislocation if needed. He speaks exclusively to Bloomberg's Annmarie Hordern in in Buenos Aires.A weaker-than-expected revenue report was the news item driving down LVMH Moët Hennessy -- Louis Vuitton's (OTC: LVMUY) American depositary shares (ADS) on Monday.  On Sunday, LVMH published details of its first-quarter revenue, showing that its total top line for the period was just over 20.3 billion euros ($23.1 billion).  Fashion and leather goods, by far its most significant in terms of revenue, was buffeted by a 5% decline from the first-quarter 2024 result, bringing in $11.5 billion.Defying the bloodbath a handful of S&P 500 stocks have provided double-digit returns year to date. Five of them are AWK, EXC, CNP, PGR, BRO.The union is planning Tuesday march to protest “insulting” wage proposals at major chainsThe Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.