Prediction_ Pfizer's Loss May Be Viking Therapeutics' Gain
2025-04-30 07-15
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/30/prediction-pfizers-loss-may-be-viking-therapeutics/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Big pharmaceutical companies as well as smaller biotechs have been hoping to score a win in one of today's highest-growth treatment areas: and that's weight loss. Analysts forecast a compound annual growth rate in the double digits from today over the next several years, with the market reaching $100 billion to $130 billion in the early 2030s.
Today, Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk dominate with their well-known treatments: Lilly makes tirzepatide, commercialized as Mounjaro for type 2 diabetes and as Zepbound for weight loss. And Novo Nordisk makes semaglutide, sold under the name Ozempic for diabetes and Wegovy for weight control. These drugs bring in billions of dollars annually for the pharma giants.
So, it's no surprise that other companies are aiming to get in on this market where demand has been so high that, last year, it surpassed supply of existing drugs. And two names that have come up as potential players in the years to come are pharma powerhouse Pfizer (PFE -2.09%) and biotech Viking Therapeutics (VKTX -0.66%). Investors have waited eagerly for updates from each of their programs. And recently Pfizer's update wasn't a positive one. Now, my prediction is the pharma player's loss may be Viking's gain.
Image source: Getty Images.
Pfizer recently said it wouldn't continue development of its weight loss candidate danuglipron, a once-daily pill, after a patient in a clinical trial experienced liver injury -- the problem resolved after the patient stopped taking the investigational drug. This wasn't the first setback. Pfizer back in 2023 discontinued development of a twice-daily version after more than half of the patients in a clinical trial stopped taking the treatment. In that trial, about 70% of participants experienced nausea and 40% experienced vomiting.
Now, let's consider Viking's situation. The biotech also is working on an oral weight loss treatment and recently fully enrolled its phase 2 trial. Viking said enrollment was "rapid," signaling a lot of interest in the company's potential product. The candidate, VK2735, also is being developed in a subcutaneous (injection) format, and that version is set to enter phase 3 trials during the second quarter of this year.
VK2735, like Lilly's commercialized drugs, is a dual GIP/GLP-1 receptor agonist. (GIP = gastric inhibitory polypeptide. GLP-1 = glucagon-like peptide-1.) These drugs work by acting on hormonal pathways involved in digestion and as a result help control blood sugar levels and appetite. Viking's clinical trial results so far have been strong, spurring excitement in the investment community. For example, last year, when Viking first announced phase 2 results from the subcutaneous VK2735, the stock soared in the triple-digits in one trading session. The stock since has given up those gains but remains on investors' radar screens as VK2735 approaches the finish line.
How Pfizer's loss may be Viking's gain? First, it's important to note that Pfizer, saying it will continue to develop early stage weight loss candidates, hasn't given up on the weight loss market. But the loss of danuglipron sets it further back from its goal. In the past, investors and analysts have speculated that Pfizer might consider acquiring Viking. This or even a partnership covering VK2735 could be a potential scenario that I'd class a win for Viking. A partnership would be particularly positive news for Viking considering Pfizer's extensive commercial infrastructure. Pfizer in the past showed its prowess here by partnering with BioNTech to develop and commercialize what ended up becoming the world's top-selling coronavirus vaccine.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
Of course, all of that is speculation and may never materialize, but it's important to consider these sorts of possibilities. And there also is another way Pfizer's latest news represents a win for Viking: It has delayed the market entrance of a potential competitor. Though there is enough demand in the market for several players, Viking still will be better off if it can enter the market ahead of rivals, especially big pharma rivals that have proven their ability to launch blockbuster drugs.
What does this mean for investors? I predict Pfizer's danuglipron news, will benefit Viking, even if this is just by slowing Pfizer's market entrance. On top of this, Viking's strong clinical trial results so far -- and in a treatment area of high growth -- make it a particularly interesting stock. Of course, since the company doesn't yet have products on the market, cautious investors may prefer waiting on the sidelines for now. But for investors who don't mind some risk and aim to invest in a high-potential biotech, Viking could make a terrific buy today.

 

Before you buy stock in Viking Therapeutics, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Viking Therapeutics wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $610,327!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $667,581!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025


Adria Cimino has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool recommends BioNTech Se, Novo Nordisk, and Viking Therapeutics. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/01/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.