Looking for Earnings Beat_ Buy These 5 Top-Ranked Stocks
2025-05-01 12-40
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/looking-earnings-beat-buy-5-124000418.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
It is not surprising that before an earnings season, every investor looks for stocks that can beat market expectations. This is because investors always try to position themselves ahead of time and look to tap stocks that are high-quality in nature.
In this regard, we ran a screener that yielded stocks Fox FOXA, Universal Technical Institute UTI, Pfizer PFE, Tenet Healthcare THC and Newmont NEM as the likely winners on the earnings beat potential.
Historically, stocks of companies with solid quarterly earnings (on a nominal basis) tank if they miss or merely meet market expectations. After all, a 20% earnings rise (though apparently looks good) doesn’t tell you if earnings growth has been exhibiting a decelerating trend.
Also, seasonal fluctuations come into play sometimes. If a company’s Q1 is seasonally weak and Q4 strong, then it is likely to report a sequential earnings decline. In such cases, growth rates are misleading while judging the true health of a company.
On the other hand, after much brainstorming and analysis of companies’ financials and initiatives, Wall Street analysts project earnings of companies. They in fact club their insights and a company’s guidance when deriving an earnings estimate.
Thus, outperforming that estimate is almost equivalent to beating the company’s own expectation as well as the market perception. And if the margin of earnings surprise is big, it typically drives the stock higher right after the release. Thus, more than anything else, an earnings surprise can push a stock higher.
Now, finding stocks that have the potential to beat on the bottom line may be investors’ dream but not an easy job. One way to do this is to look at the earnings surprise history of the company.
An impressive track in this regard generally acts as a catalyst in sending a stock higher. It indicates the company’s ability to surpass estimates. And investors generally believe that the company will apply the same secret sauce to execute yet another earning beat in its next release.
In order to shortlist stocks that are likely to come up with an earnings surprise, we chose the following as our primary screening parameters.
Last EPS Surprise greater than or equal to 10%: Stocks delivering positive surprise in the last quarter tend to surprise again.
Average EPS Surprise in the last four quarters greater than 20%: We lifted the bar for outperformance slight higher by setting the average earnings surprise for the last four quarters at 20%.
Average EPS Surprise in the last two quarters greater than 20%: This points to a more consistent surprise history and makes the case for another surprise even stronger.
In addition, we place a few other criteria that push up the chance of a positive surprise.
Zacks Rank less than or equal to 2: Only companies with a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy) rating can get through.
Earnings ESP greater than zero: A stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank of #1, 2 or 3 for an earnings beat to happen, as per our proven model.
In order to zero in on those that have long-term growth potential and high trading liquidity we have added the following parameters too:
Next 3–5 Years Estimated EPS Growth (Per Year) greater than 10%: Solid expected earnings growth exhibits the stock’s long-term growth prospects.
Average 20-day Volume greater than 100,000: High trading volume implies that the stocks have adequate liquidity.
A handful of criteria has narrowed down the universe from over 7,700 stocks to only 10.
Here are five out of 10 stocks:
Fox: The Zacks Rank #1 company is a news, sports and entertainment content provider. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
The average earnings surprise of FOX for the past four quarters is 24.20%.
Universal Technical Institute: Universal Technical Institute, Inc. provides technical education training in automotive, diesel, collision repair and refinishing, motorcycle, marine and personal watercraft technologies. The UTI stock has a Zacks Rank #2.
The average earnings surprise of UTI for the past four quarters is 39.36%.
Pfizer: The Zacks Rank #2 company’s Biopharma reporting segment includes three broad therapeutic areas, Primary Care (Internal Medicine, Vaccines, Migraine and COVID-19 products), Specialty Care (Inflammation & Immunology, Rare Disease and Hospital [excluding Paxlovid]) and Oncology.
The average earnings surprise of PFE for the past four quarters is 43.49%.
Tenet Healthcare: The Zacks Rank #2 company is an investor-owned healthcare services company, which owns and operates general hospitals and related healthcare facilities for urban and rural communities in numerous states, and has offices in California and Florida.
The average earnings surprise of THC for the past four quarters is 26.39%.
Newmont: Colorado-based Newmont Corporation is one of the world's largest producers of gold with several active mines in Nevada, Peru, Australia and Ghana. The stock has a Zacks Rank #2.
The average earnings surprise of NEM for the past four quarters is 32.41%.
You can get the rest of the stocks on this list by signing up now for your 2-week free trial to the Research Wizard and start using this screen in your own trading. Further, you can also create your own strategies and test them first before taking the investment plunge.
The Research Wizard is a great place to begin. It's easy to use. Everything is in plain language. And it's very intuitive. Start your Research Wizard trial today. And the next time you read an economic report, open up the Research Wizard, plug your finds in, and see what gems come out.
Click here to sign up for a free trial to the Research Wizard today.
Disclosure: Officers, directors and/or employees of Zacks Investment Research may own or have sold short securities and/or hold long and/or short positions in options that are mentioned in this material. An affiliated investment advisory firm may own or have sold short securities and/or hold long and/or short positions in options that are mentioned in this material.
Disclosure: Performance information for Zacks’ portfolios and strategies are available at: https://www.zacks.com/performance.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Tenet Healthcare Corporation (THC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Newmont Corporation (NEM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Universal Technical Institute Inc (UTI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Fox Corporation (FOXA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
GFF, AVGO and SWX made it to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) growth stocks list on May 1, 2025
Rocket Lab USA (RKLB) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Besides Wall Street's top -and-bottom-line estimates for WEC Energy (WEC), review projections for some of its key metrics to gain a deeper understanding of how the company might have fared during the quarter ended March 2025.
Adtalem (ATGE) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
IdaCorp (IDA) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 6.80% and 5.65%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Commented on These 8 Stocks Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Newmont Corporation (NYSE: NEM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. On Friday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, revisited the recent turbulence in artificial intelligence stocks, […]
BridgeBio stock broke out Wednesday after its new heart drug, a rival to Pfizer's blockbuster Vyndaqel, smashed sales expectations.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.