Pfizer First Quarter 2025 Earnings_ EPS Beats Expectations, Revenues Lag
2025-04-30 12-37
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-first-quarter-2025-earnings-123725913.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Revenue: US$13.7b (down 7.8% from 1Q 2024).
Net income: US$2.97b (down 4.9% from 1Q 2024).
Profit margin: 22% (in line with 1Q 2024).
EPS: US$0.52 (down from US$0.55 in 1Q 2024).
We've discovered 3 warning signs about Pfizer. View them for free.
All figures shown in the chart above are for the trailing 12 month (TTM) period
Revenue missed analyst estimates by 2.4%. Earnings per share (EPS) exceeded analyst estimates by 2.9%.
Looking ahead, revenue is expected to decline by 2.0% p.a. on average during the next 3 years, while revenues in the Pharmaceuticals industry in the US are expected to grow by 8.8%.
Performance of the American Pharmaceuticals industry.
The company's shares are up 5.6% from a week ago.
You should always think about risks. Case in point, we've spotted   3 warning signs for Pfizer  you should be aware of, and 2 of them make us uncomfortable.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
The P/B ratio helps to identify low-priced stocks with high growth prospects. CNC, MD, PFE, STNE and SAN are some such stocks.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE:MRK) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the […]
A high dividend yield can be enticing, but it can also raise flags for income investors.  Pfizer's falling valuation has pushed its yield up to well over 7%, which warrants a closer look.  The company's payout ratio and free cash flow can help investors assess the safety of the dividend.
Inflation eased modestly in March but remains firmly north of the Federal Reserve's 2% target.
Chinese exports show the impact of U.S trade war, Meta’s stand-alone AI app will compete with rivals, and more news to start your day.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.