Zacks.com featured highlights Centene, Pediatrix Medical, Pfizer, StoneCo and Banco Santander
2025-05-01 08-50
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-com-featured-highlights-centene-085000527.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Chicago, IL – May 1, 2025 – The stocks in this week’s article are Centene Corp. CNC, Pediatrix Medical Group MD, Pfizer PFE, StoneCo STNE and Banco Santander SAN.
When considering valuation metrics, the price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio has always been the obvious choice as calculations based on earnings are easy and come in handy. However, in the case of companies that are incurring losses or are in an early cycle of development, generating meager or no profits, price-to-sales (P/S) is a good valuation metric to identify cheap stocks.
Other than P/E and P/S, the price-to-book ratio (P/B ratio) is also an easy-to-use tool for zeroing in on low-priced stocks that have high-growth prospects.
The P/B ratio is used to calculate how much an investor needs to pay for each dollar of the book value of a stock. It is calculated by dividing the current closing price of the stock by the latest quarter's book value per share.
The P/B ratio helps identify low-priced stocks with high growth prospects. Centene Corp., Pediatrix Medical Group, Pfizer, StoneCo and Banco Santander are some such stocks.
Now, let us understand the concept of book value.
There are several ways by which book value can be defined. Book value is the total value that would be left over, according to the company’s balance sheet, if it goes bankrupt immediately. In other words, this is what shareholders would theoretically receive if a company liquidates all its assets after paying off all its liabilities.
It is calculated by subtracting total liabilities from the total assets of a company. In most cases, this equates to common stockholders’ equity on the balance sheet. However, depending on the company’s balance sheet, intangible assets should also be subtracted from the total assets to determine book value.
By comparing the book value of equity to its market price, we get an idea of whether a company is under- or overpriced. However, like P/E or P/S ratio, it is always better to compare P/B ratios within industries.
A P/B ratio of less than one means that the stock is trading at less than its book value or the stock is undervalued and, therefore, a good buy. Conversely, a stock with a ratio greater than one can be interpreted as being overvalued or relatively expensive.
For example, a stock with a P/B ratio of 2 means that we pay $2 for every $1 of book value. Thus, the higher the P/B, the more expensive the stock.
But there is a warning. A P/B ratio of less than one can also mean that the company is earning weak or even negative returns on its assets or that the assets are overstated. In such a case, the stock should be shunned because it may be destroying shareholder value. Conversely, the stock’s price may be significantly high — thereby pushing the P/B ratio to more than one — in the likely case that it has become a takeover target, a good enough reason to own the stock.
Moreover, the P/B ratio is not without limitations. It is useful for businesses like finance, investments, insurance and banking or manufacturing companies with many liquid/tangible assets on the books. However, it can be misleading for firms with significant R&D expenditure, high debt, service companies, or those with negative earnings.
In any case, the ratio is not particularly relevant as a standalone number. One should analyze other ratios like P/E, P/S and debt to equity before arriving at a reasonable investment decision.
Here are five of the 13 stocks that qualified the screening:
St. Louis, MS-based, Centene is a well-diversified healthcare company that primarily provides a set of services to government-sponsored healthcare programs. The company serves the under-insured and uninsured individuals through member-focused services. It is also engaged in providing education and outreach programs to inform and assist members in accessing quality, appropriate healthcare services.
CNC has a projected 3-5-year EPS growth rate of 11.5%.
Centene currently has a Zacks Rank #2 and a Value Score of A. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Sunrise, FL-based Pediatrix Medical Group provides newborn, maternal-fetal, radiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialties physician services in the United States and Puerto Rico. It also offers neonatal care services such as clinical care to babies born prematurely or with complications within specific units at hospitals through neonatal physician subspecialists, neonatal nurse practitioners and other pediatric clinicians.
Pediatrix Medical presently has a Zacks Rank #2 and a Value Score of A. The company has a projected 3-5-year EPS growth rate of 9.5%.
New York-based Pfizer is one of the largest drugmakers in the world, marketing a wide range of drugs and vaccines. Pfizer currently has a Zacks Rank #2 and a Value Score of A. PFE has a projected 3-5-year EPS growth rate of 13.8%.
StoneCo provides financial technology solutions. The company offers an end-to-end cloud-based technology platform to conduct electronic commerce across in-store, online and mobile channels. StoneCo is based in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
STNE has a Zacks Rank #1 and a Value Score of B. STNE has a projected 3-5-year EPS growth rate of 26.3%.
Banco Santander is the biggest bank in Spain and the biggest international bank in Latin America as well. Banco Santander is based in Boadilla del Monte, Spain. It currently has a Zacks Rank of #2.
SAN has a Value Score of A and a projected 3-5-year EPS growth rate of 9.6%.
Get the remaining stocks on the list and start putting this and other ideas to the test. It can all be done with the Research Wizard stock picking and back-testing software.
The Research Wizard is a great place to begin. It's easy to use. Everything is in plain language. And it's very intuitive. Start your Research Wizard trial today. And the next time you read an economic report, open up the Research Wizard, plug your finds in, and see what gems come out.
Click here to sign up for a free trial to the Research Wizard today.
For the rest of this Screen of the Week article please visit Zacks.com at: https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/2458761/boost-your-portfolio-with-these-5-low-price-to-book-stocks
Follow us on Twitter:  https://www.twitter.com/zacksresearch
Join us on Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch
Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities (including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such affiliates.
Contact: Jim Giaquinto
Company: Zacks.com
Phone: 312-265-9268
Email: pr@zacks.com
Visit: https://www.zacks.com/
Zacks.com provides investment resources and informs you of these resources, which you may choose to use in making your own investment decisions. Zacks is providing information on this resource to you subject to the Zacks "Terms and Conditions of Service" disclaimer. www.zacks.com/disclaimer.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Pediatrix Medical Group, Inc. (MD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Centene Corporation (CNC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
StoneCo Ltd. (STNE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Spain’s antitrust agency approved with conditions BBVA‘s (BBVA) bid to acquire Banco Sabadell, Jorge Zuloaga of Bloomberg reports, citing a person familiar with the matter. The approval is set to be officially announced as early as today, the person said. The terms are expected to be feasible for BBVA, the source added. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> See the top stocks recommended by analysts >> Read More on BBVA: B
Centene (CNC) has been upgraded to a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), reflecting growing optimism about the company's earnings prospects. This might drive the stock higher in the near term.
CNC and FSFG made it to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) value stocks list on May 1, 2025.
ADM's first-quarter 2025 results are likely to reflect the impacts of tough market conditions and higher costs. A soft Ag Services & Oilseeds segment is also a concern.
Companies In The News Are: NUE, REGN, PYPL, PFE.
StoneCo (STNE) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Barrick Gold, StoneCo, Synovus Financial and BGC Group have been highlighted in this Screen of The Week article.
We recently published an article titled Why These 10 Stocks Soared Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Archer Aviation Inc. (NYSE:ACHR) stands against the other stocks that soared on Tuesday. The stock market finished Tuesday’s trading on a positive note with all major indices ending in the green, buoyed […]
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.