Eli Lilly stock slips despite earnings beat, reaffirmed 2025 guidance
2025-05-01 12-54
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eli-lilly-stock-slips-despite-earnings-beat-reaffirmed-2025-guidance-125448495.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Eli Lilly (LLY) reported first quarter earnings on Thursday, beating Wall Street's expectations on the top and bottom lines, but its stock sank more than 11% in trading despite the win.
The company reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.34 compared to the consensus of $3.10. Revenue came in at $12.73 billion, compared to estimates of $12.67 billion.
Investors saw sales of blockbuster GLP-1s — Mounjaro for diabetes and Zepbound for weight loss — come in "modestly" ahead of consensus. The two drugs alone brought in a combined $6.1 billion, or nearly half of the revenue in the quarter. Zepbound was ahead by $32 million while Mounjaro came in ahead by $70 million.
Read more about Eli Lilly's stock moves and today's market action.
Still, Eli Lilly holds the lead in the current race between first-to-market Novo Nordisk (NVO) for weight loss as Zepbound overtook Wegovy in recent months. But that could be threatened by an announcement Thursday that one of the country's largest pharmacy benefit managers, CVS (CVS), is excluding Zepbound in favor of Wegovy on its formulary.
Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks told Yahoo Finance he is not worried about the PBM move and is instead focusing on the next generation of drugs.
"We're well into the product replacement cycle, and there's more to come. We're not interested in exclusive deals," Ricks said.
"It feels a little bit like last decade, these sort of lock-up deals," he added.
Eli Lilly's weekly prescription data for Zepbound is up 354% year over year while Novo Nordisk's Wegovy is up just 61%. That's based on the latest prescription tracking data by analytics firm IQVIA, which shows total prescriptions for Wegovy at 211,103 in the week of April 18 and Zepbound totaling 338,899 prescriptions in the same week.
Eli Lilly still lags behind Novo Nordisk in the diabetes space, with Ozempic accounting for 43% of the market share while Mounjaro takes 39%, based on IQVIA data.
The company has been ramping up production of the injectable GLP-1s to meet ongoing demand. Both Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly executives have said in the past that demand will outstrip supply for some time. And both companies have seen the FDA take their drugs off its shortage list, meaning competition from compounding pharmacies, which were allowed to make copycats of the patented products, will reduce.
Still, Eli Lilly is now the lead contender for first-to-market in pill form after Pfizer (PFE) halted its clinical trial this month.
Meanwhile, as it awaits Trump's decision on pharmaceutical tariffs, the company has committed to increasing its production capacity in the US to the tune of $27 billion, making the total commitment $50 billion since 2020.
Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee as AnjKhem on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Hyatt Hotels shares surged in early trading Thursday after the company reported first-quarter results above analysts' expectations.
CVS Health shares powered 7% higher Thursday after the pharmacy and healthcare giant's first-quarter results easily topped estimates.
Guess WHO thinks Novo Nordisk stock is a buy now?
Nvidia led chip stocks higher as Meta and Microsoft offered relief to investors concerned about Big Tech's commitments to its AI buildout.
Eli Lilly CEO says Trump tariff threat has already achieved the goal of repatriating manufacturing in pharma.
Eli Lilly's Q1 numbers showed strong revenue and earnings growth, driven by its GLP-1 offerings.  Shares of Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY) are sliding on Thursday.  The pharmaceutical giant released earnings that disappointed investors despite strong sales growth.
Meta stock rose after Q1 earnings beat estimates and the tech giant offered a better-than-anticipated outlook.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.