Will Pfizer Acquire Altimmune or Viking Therapeutics After Its Obesity Pill Setback_
2025-04-30 08-51
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/30/will-pfizer-will-acquire-altimmune-or-viking-thera/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
The market for obesity drugs presents one of the most lucrative targets for biopharmaceutical companies. Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk are already raking in billions of dollars in sales with their weight-loss drugs. Other drugmakers are eyeing the market as well.
Pfizer (PFE -2.09%) is certainly in that group. However, the company finds itself at a distinct disadvantage after it recently threw in the towel on experimental obesity pill danuglipron because of safety concerns. Could Pfizer solve the issue by acquiring an up-and-coming biotech with a promising obesity drug in clinical development?
The good news for Pfizer is that it shouldn't have any problems finding an acquisition candidate if it chooses to go that route. I can think of two great targets off the top of my head.
Let's start with Altimmune (ALT -1.14%). The company has what it calls "a pipeline in a product" with experimental GLP-1/glucagon dual receptor agonist pemvidutide.
Altimmune met with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in November 2024 at the end of successful phase 2 testing of the drug in treating obesity. It expects to report results from a phase 2 study of pemvidutide in liver disorder metabolic-associated steatohepatitis (MASH) in the second quarter of 2025. Altimmune also plans to advance the drug into phase 2 studies later this year as a potential treatment of alcohol use disorder and alcohol-associated liver disease. 
Viking Therapeutics (VKTX -0.66%) stands out as another potential acquisition target for Pfizer. The company expects to begin phase 3 testing of a subcutaneous version of GLP-1/GIP receptor dual agonist VK2735 in treating obesity this year. It's conducting a phase 2 study of an oral formulation of the drug, with results anticipated in the second half of 2025. 
Like Altimmune, Viking has a promising pipeline candidate targeting MASH, which is also known as nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. The company reported positive phase 2 results for its MASH drug, VK2809, last year. In addition, Viking is developing VK0214 as a potential treatment for the rare genetic disorder X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (X-ALD). 


Pfizer's cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled nearly $20.5 billion at the end of 2024. The big pharmaceutical company raked in revenue of $63.6 billion last year with a profit of over $8 billion. The main negative for the company is its huge debt load of around $64 billion. 
Still, Pfizer appears to be in a good financial position to move forward with a bolt-on acquisition. I think buying either Altimmune or Viking would be a relatively painless deal for Pfizer.
Altimmune's market cap is currently below $400 million. Even if we assumed a hefty premium to close a takeover of the company, Pfizer should be able to fund the transaction without taking on additional debt.
Acquiring Viking wouldn't be quite as cheap, with its market cap of almost $3 billion. However, Pfizer should be able to finance a buyout of Viking with its cash stockpile without breaking a sweat if it wanted to make a deal.
But will Pfizer choose to acquire either Altimmune or Viking? I'm not sure. Although danuglipron is no longer a contender, Pfizer still has another experimental oral obesity drug in phase 2 testing -- PF-07976016. 
I wouldn't be surprised if Pfizer waited to get a better feel for how PF-07976016 fares in clinical development before making a decision on potentially pursuing an acquisition. However, the company probably can't wait too long. Other big drugmakers seeking to enter the obesity market could have their sights set on Altimmune and Viking, too.

 

Before you buy stock in Pfizer, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Pfizer wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $610,327!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $667,581!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025


Keith Speights has positions in Pfizer. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool recommends Novo Nordisk and Viking Therapeutics. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.