Company News for Apr 30, 2025
2025-04-30 13-10
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/company-news-apr-30-2025-131000899.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nucor Corp.’s (NUE) shares rose 1.9% after the company reported first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share of $0.77, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.68.
Shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. (REGN) plunged 6.9% after posting first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share of $8.22, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $8.43.
PayPal Holdings Inc.’s (PYPL) shares gained 2.1% after the company posted first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share of $1.33, outpacing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.15. 
Shares of Pfizer Inc. (PFE) advanced 3.2% after reporting first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share of $0.92, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.64. 
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (REGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Nucor Corporation (NUE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
We recently published a list of Billionaire Andreas Halvorsen’s 10 Stock Picks With Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) stands against other billionaire Andreas Halvorsen’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Ole Andreas Halvorsen is one of the prominent names among former employees […]
Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does National Fuel Gas (NFG) have what it takes? Let's find out.
A high dividend yield can be enticing, but it can also raise flags for income investors.  Pfizer's falling valuation has pushed its yield up to well over 7%, which warrants a closer look.  The company's payout ratio and free cash flow can help investors assess the safety of the dividend.
We recently published a list of 11 Best Buy-the-Dip Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Flowers Foods, Inc. (NYSE:FLO) stands against other best buy-the-dip stocks to buy now. As volatility rises, AllianceBernstein believes that staying invested remains a strategic priority to capture the long-term return potential in […]
In its first full quarter, Attruby made more headway than analysts anticipated in its competition with Pfizer’s market-leading drug.
Total payment volume (TPV) experienced a 3% year-on-year increase, reaching $417.2bn.
GSK stock jumped Wednesday after the British drugmaker said it's "well positioned" to respond if the U.S. levies tariffs on drug imports.
CI's first-quarter results are likely to have benefited from growing pharmacy revenues and fees.
We recently published a list of the 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL) stands against other stocks that should double in 3 years. On April 25, Kari Firestone, Aureus Asset Management executive chairman and co-founder, joined CNBC’s […]
The Wall Street veteran breaks out the fintech's latest earnings report.