Pfizer (NYSE_PFE) Reports Q1 Earnings, Reaffirms 2025 Revenue Guidance at US$61-64 Billion
2025-04-30 17-32
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-nyse-pfe-reports-q1-173235366.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Pfizer reported a decline in its Q1 2025 earnings, with revenue dropping from the previous year, alongside stagnant share buyback activities. Despite reaffirming revenue guidance for 2025, these developments set the tone for Pfizer's share price fluctuation last week. Additionally, the company announced a $0.43 dividend which was in line with prior payouts. Over the same period, broader market trends showed a rise of 5.2%. Pfizer's 5.59% price move aligns with market movements, indicating that its specific events likely added weight to these broader market gains rather than causing any disconnected reaction.
Be aware that Pfizer is showing 3 warning signs in our investment analysis and 2 of those are potentially serious.
The best AI stocks today may lie beyond giants like Nvidia and Microsoft. Find the next big opportunity with these 26 smaller AI-focused companies with strong growth potential through early-stage innovation in machine learning, automation, and data intelligence that could fund your retirement.
The recent earnings report and dividend announcement reflect Pfizer's current challenges, including stagnant share buyback activity and a revenue decline, which have impacted its share price movement. Over the past year, Pfizer's total return, including dividends and share price changes, stood at a 1.32% decline, indicating an underperformance against the broader market's 9.9% gain and even the US Pharmaceuticals industry’s nominal growth of 0.5% over the same period. This suggests that while Pfizer is navigating broader industry and economic challenges, it may also be facing company-specific hurdles.
Pfizer’s current strategy, focusing on research and development productivity and cost savings, could slow revenue growth as these initiatives require time to yield financial benefits. With revenue pressures stemming from legislative changes and COVID-19 product stability, the company's revenue and earnings forecasts may fall below consensus expectations. The share price, currently at US$22.39, is at a discount to the consensus price target of US$29.06, reflecting the market's skepticism about realizing expected future returns. The bearish analyst cohort places a fair value closer to US$24.41, suggesting an alignment with market sentiment that assumes slower growth. If Pfizer can overcome these challenges, particularly in enhancing R&D outcomes and managing competition, it might improve both its earnings potential and alignment with analyst expectations.
The valuation report we've compiled suggests that Pfizer's current price could be quite moderate.
 This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Companies discussed in this article include NYSE:PFE.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
Supermicro's stock was boosted by earnings reports from two major tech companies that show AI spending is still going strong.  The company's own preliminary numbers released ahead of the May 6s earnings call paint a troubling picture.  Shares of Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ: SMCI) are rising on Thursday.
Genco Shipping (GNK) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
We recently published a list of 11 Best Buy-the-Dip Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) stands against other best buy-the-dip stocks to buy now. As volatility rises, AllianceBernstein believes that staying invested remains a strategic priority to capture the long-term return potential in […]
MCD's first-quarter 2025 results hurt by decline in comparable guest counts.
Centene, Pediatrix Medical, Pfizer, StoneCo and Banco Santander have been highlighted in this Screen of The Week article.
One Wall Street analyst thinks Nio will see record quarterly sequential growth.  New EV offerings could help the stock surge, according to the Citigroup analyst.  Nio displayed one of its two new brands at the Shanghai Auto Show last week.
Cava Group (CAVA) closed the most recent trading day at $92.39, moving +0.52% from the previous trading session.
Apple stock was dropping early on Thursday as the market braces for its earnings report after the market close and digests a potential criminal contempt charge for the iPhone maker.  Apple shares were down 1.4% in premarket trading.  The drop comes after a U.S. District Judge rebuked Apple, saying it ignored an injunction tied to the company’s U.S. App Store, and referred the case to the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of California for possible criminal contempt charges.
SPOT, SONY and CIVB made it to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) momentum stocks list on April 30, 2025.
BridgeBio stock broke out Wednesday after its new heart drug, a rival to Pfizer's blockbuster Vyndaqel, smashed sales expectations.