Pfizer's Dividend Yield Is 7.5%. Is It Still Safe_
2025-04-30 10-15
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/30/pfizers-dividend-yield-is-75-is-it-still-safe/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
When a stock yields more than 5%, investors start to become skeptical about whether the payout is indeed safe. While it's tempting to want to believe that it can be safe and that it can be an excellent source of future dividend income, you also don't want to get burned and see that dividend get cut or suspended.
Consider pharmaceutical giant Pfizer (PFE -2.09%). Its dividend yield is around 7.5% right now, and if the stock continues to decline, it may not be long before it hits 8%. The big question is whether this is really a steal of a deal and a good buy, or if Pfizer may soon have to reduce its dividend?
A good starting point for investors in analyzing a dividend stock is to look at its payout ratio. This considers the company's dividend with respect to its earnings per share (EPS). The higher that EPS is in relation to the dividend per share, the lower the payout ratio, and the more sustainable the dividend is.
The company currently pays a quarterly dividend of $0.43, which totals $1.72 for a full year. And in 2024, Pfizer's diluted EPS came in at just $1.41 -- well below the rate of its annual dividend. However, this can be a bit misleading as the company incurred billions of dollars in restructuring expenses and asset impairment charges. These are non-cash items, but they can nonetheless impact the bottom line and make the company's payout ratio look worse than it otherwise would be.
That's why I say the payout ratio can be a good starting point when analyzing an income stock, but a high ratio doesn't mean that investors should assume that the dividend is doomed. A better option may be to look at the company's free cash flow.
Free cash flow tells investors how much cash a company is generating after deducting capital expenditures. It's an important metric since it excludes the noise which often comes from non-cash items such as impairment charges and other non-recurring accounting adjustments.
Last year, Pfizer's free cash flow totaled $9.8 billion, and its cash dividend payments came in at $9.5 billion. This suggests that the payout is indeed sustainable since Pfizer generated more free cash than what it paid out in dividends. There isn't a huge buffer there, but there aren't big red flags, either.
The one wildcard of course is how the business will do amid tariffs and whether these will put a big dent into its operations, both from an earnings perspective and with respect to free cash flow.
Pfizer's dividend looks safe right now, and with the stock trading at just 8 times its estimated future earnings, it could prove to be a bargain buy. It's at a low enough valuation that it offers investors an excellent margin of safety should its earnings deteriorate this year.
In the past, Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla has referred to the dividend as a "sacred cow," suggesting that it would take a lot to disrupt the company's dividend policy. While tariffs do pose a risk to the business, it's difficult to predict how they may impact Pfizer's operations and how long they may be in effect. I wouldn't suggest making a rash decision based on them.
Although the stock has been falling this year despite its already low price tag, for long-term investors, this can be a good healthcare stock to buy and simply forget about for a long while.
Before you buy Pfizer, you should know this:
The Motley Fool’s analysts are tracking a massive shift in U.S. tech. Over $1.5 trillion is already flowing into infrastructure, AI, and advanced manufacturing… and the number keeps climbing.
It’s all being driven by a short-term tariff pause that could expire any day. And while Pfizer might look like a smart move, we think the real winner is a company 1/100th the size of NVIDIA.
It builds the tech infrastructure that Apple, OpenAI, and others suddenly can’t live without. We just released a full write-up on this under-the-radar stock to all Stock Advisor members — and why now might be the exact moment to move.
Continue ›
David Jagielski has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/01/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.