Title: Mark Zuckerberg Pushes Trump To 'Respond Aggressively' As EU Threatens Meta's Ad Revenue – A Big Tec
Date: 2025-04-15 16:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerberg-pushes-trump-respond-163146994.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is back in the global spotlight, not over virtual reality or Threads—but its battle with European regulators. And now, Meta CEOMark Zuckerbergreportedly wants help from PresidentDonald Trumpto calm the storm overseas.
The Wall Street Journalreported on March 31 that Meta executives are lobbying U.S. trade officials to intervene after the European Commission threatened a cease-and-desist order that could pull the plug on Meta’s ad personalization model in the European Union.
That’s a big deal, considering Meta made over $160 billion in ad revenue in 2024, according toStatista.
Don't Miss:
Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm —invest pre-IPO from $0.60 per share now.
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones.You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
Meta’s “pay or consent” system, rolled out in November 2023, is at the heart of the issue. It gave European users two choices: pay for ad-free access to Facebook and Instagram or accept targeted ads by consenting to data collection. But regulators weren’t impressed.
Meta’s revised pay-or-consent policy didn’t appease the European Consumer Organization either. Its director general,Agustín Reyna, said, “European consumers should not be fooled by the cosmetic changes Meta applies to its one-year-old pay-or consent policy,” according to a Jan. 23statement.
The European Commission essentially accused Meta of coercing users into surrendering their data. Reyna added, “In our view, the tech giant fails to address the fundamental issue that Facebook and Instagram users are not being presented with a fair choice and is making a weak bid to argue it is complying with EU law while still pushing users towards its behavioral ads system.”
Trending: Invest in the future of digital engagement:Own a piece of the $100 billion Metaverse for just $500.
Meta might now be forced to offer completely free versions that avoid detailed user tracking altogether.
In accordance with EU’s 2022Digital Markets Act, Meta would potentially pay fines of up to 10% of its annualglobal revenue, which could total around $16.5 billion.
Meta disagrees. The company argues that offering subscriptions as an alternative to ads is a standard business model. Meanwhile, theEuropean Commissioninsists that the DMA should be applied equally, no matter where a company is based.
But Meta claims this is more than just a legal dispute—economic warfare. According tothe New York Post, a Meta spokesperson said, “This is not just about fines — it’s about the Commission seeking to handicap successful American businesses simply because they’re American while letting Chinese and European rivals off the hook.”
See Also: With shares starting at $1.52,this could be your chance to invest in the future of healthcare.
​On April 2, Trump announced sweeping tariffs, including a 10% baseline on all imports and higher, country-specific penalties for “unfair” practices. The 10% tariff took effect on April 5 and remains in place, including for the EU. However, the higher tariffs were suspended for 90 days shortly after their announcement.
Commerce SecretaryHoward Lutnickbacked the move. He toldFox News,“The European Union won’t take chicken from America. They won’t take lobsters from America. They hate our beef because it is beautiful, and theirs is weak.”
Read Next:
This investment company boasts a 33.85% internal rate of return (IRR) for its realized projects, allowing accredited investors to earn passive returns and avoid the headaches of being a landlord.
Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets –with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share!
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This articleMark Zuckerberg Pushes Trump To 'Respond Aggressively' As EU Threatens Meta's Ad Revenue – A Big Tech Showdown?originally appeared onBenzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
It is said that there are two guarantees in life, one being taxes and the other death. And though many would prefer the latter as Tax Day 2025 is here, tax preparers couldn't be clearer as to what...
Real estate investor Grant Cardone has been critical of income taxes for many years. He lives in Florida to avoid state income taxes and also capitalize on real estate's tax advantages to minimize federal income taxes. One of his recent X posts fully captures the disdain he has for federal income taxes, but he also brings up a fair point that generated quite a stir in the comments. "Show me one thread of proof of how federal tax dollars improved conditions for you or your family," Cardone asked
Citi analyst Ronald Josey cut his price target on Meta, Amazon, Reddit and more stocks because of concerns over a potential slowdown in ad spending.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) -A German media company has complained to EU antitrust regulators following Alphabet unit Google's crackdown against companies gaming its search algorithm to push up rankings for other sites.  In its complaint to the European Commission, Hamburg-based ActMeraki, until recently called Meraki Group GmbH, urged immediate action against the policy, saying it penalises websites.  Launched in March last year, Google's site reputation abuse policy targets the practice of publishing third-party pages on a site in an attempt to abuse search rankings by taking advantage of the host site's ranking signals, commonly referred to as parasite SEO.
As consumers become more aware and more discerning about what they buy, companies that embrace Conscious Capitalism will enjoy an ever-growing competitive edge over those that simply look to grow profits and any cost.  In this podcast, Motley Fool co-founder David Gardner hosts the founder and CEO of Fair Trade USA, Paul Rice, who explains how trade can be more effective than aid in improving the world's economic issues.  To catch full episodes of all The Motley Fool's free podcasts, check out our podcast center.
The Magnificent Seven stocks rose Tuesday, as Nvidia and Tesla rallied. Amazon and Google dropped on the stock market today.
Meta Platforms (META) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg considered spinning off popular photo-sharing app Instagram in 2018 in anticipation of possible antitrust scrutiny, according to a document shown at a trial in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday.  The document was shown during Zuckerberg's second day of testimony at the high-stakes trial, in which the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is seeking to unwind Meta's acquisitions of prized assets Instagram and WhatsApp.  "I wonder if we should consider the extreme step of spinning Instagram out as a separate company," Zuckerberg said in a memo discussing potential strategies for how to reorganize the social media company's family of apps.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing […]
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […]