Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg takes stand in antitrust trial
2025-04-14 19:42
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/meta-ceo-mark-zuckerberg-takes-194254042.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Meta (META) is in court defending itself against antitrust allegations made by the Federal Trade Commission. The first day of the trial featured Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg testifying. Yahoo Finance Senior Legal Reporter Alexis Keenan reports the latest.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.Well, day one is unfolding in the government's high-stakes antitrust trial against Meta's Facebook. The case, which was filed by the Federal Trade Commission during President Trump's first term, seeks to force Meta to sell off Instagram and WhatsApp. And here with the details is Yahoo Finance's very own Alexis Keenan, Alexis.Yeah, so already up on the stand today, first witness out of the box for the FTC, CEO Mark Zuckerberg. So he's testifying right now. Uh, we don't know so much yet about what he's been saying, but he has been asked about network effects. So the fact that buying up Instagram, WhatsApp, and other social media companies helps drive Facebook then's bottom line, of course, now owned by Meta. Now, the FTC in this case, it says that Facebook bought these companies in order to monopolize the market that they're calling personal social networking. They say that they used it to block rivals and that they harm competition. Meta on the other hand says, no, we don't even have a monopoly in social media or the personal social networking market. They say that the FTC's market definition, their baseline, that they've got it all wrong. It's flawed. They say that take a look at the different, um, companies, the social media companies that the FTC is including in the market. So the FTC says included is Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Snapchat, and another LA-based social media company called MeWe. Now, not included, importantly, as if you're arguing for Meta, is LinkedIn, YouTube, Reddit, X, and TikTok. Uh, so TikTok, it launched in 2016, uh, and Meta's up there arguing, certainly in their opening statements, and you got to include these other social media companies in this market, otherwise it just doesn't work FTC. So the judge in this case has has acknowledged that this is an uphill battle for the FTC. Uh, I saw some tweets coming out from Meta's comms executive, Andy Stone, tweeting from the courtroom, part of the opening statement, he was saying that for every single one of the many activities offered on Meta's apps, that it faces vigorous competition, he said. He said, we all compete for time in this market. Another graphic went up too during these statements showing that when that TikTok ban went to into effect very briefly, right? In January, under the executive order from President Biden, uh, that showed that traffic then flowed into Instagram, Facebook, and other social media and off of TikTok. So that's a central part of Meta's argument here.Reportedly, Alexis, reportedly, from what I understand, Zuckerberg has been actually lobbying Trump here, right? Like the president to step in, intercede, settle this case. When you talk to folks, does that come up? Like whether that's at all likelihood that the president would actually step in, step in, even at this stage of the case?Yes.Right.Yeah, in this case, yes. You know, in a lot of things we say are first when it comes to Trump 1.0 or Trump 2.0, I should say. Uh, the antitrust lawyers say, it would almost be irresponsible, perhaps, for Mark Zuckerberg to not make these overtures because Wall Street might say, well, why aren't you doing it? He's cur you need to curry favor with the president because this is how it works. You had the FTC chair and Andrew Ferguson saying, uh, that he's kind of deferring to Trump and that's that's also unusual, right? The FTC is usually thought as an independent body. So yeah, it might be looked at like you're not doing your job, CEO.Yeah, I I totally agree with Meta. And I am long Meta shares, right? So perhaps I have a vested interest. But, you know, when you think about it, to not include LinkedIn or TikTok as social media competitors, I think it's absurd. I think the only reason this thing is a trial right now is because the FTC used to be headed by Lena Khan and she wanted to go after anything that was big and techy because that's where the money is. I am shocked that the new FTC, uh, commissioners didn't drop the case. I just don't, I don't think there's a case here.Well, you have to look back though, this case was originally investigated and brought under Trump 1.0. It was a 2020 case.And it took him five years.Yeah.It's been a long time.Crazy. Yeah. And and also, Meta has made the point that the environment for social media competition has changed so dramatically, as Google has said in its case, because of AI, right? So you inject that into these platforms and everything now, five, six years later looks so different.Could if if Meta loses, Alexis, could Trump step in and tell these commissioners, hey, let let's get a deal done. Let's settle this thing?Yeah, absolutely. And certainly a deal can be made post verdict, even. So in in this case, this is a judge decision. This is not a jury trial. But yes, all all the way up until, I guess, the fat lady sings.Yeah. All right. Alexis, thank you for helping us walk through a complex stuff. Appreciate it.The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.The Federal Trade Commission alleges that the company engaged in a ‘systematic strategy’ to eliminate competitive threats in the social media space.Nvidia  said it would start producing AI supercomputers that will be manufactured entirely in the U.S., a day after the Trump administration said tariffs are coming for semiconductor imports.  The graphics-chip maker said in a blog post Monday morning that it is working with manufacturing partners to design and build factories for domestic AI supercomputer production.  This will be the first time that AI supercomputers, which are used to power data centers that solely process artificial intelligence, will be made completely in the U.S., Nvidia said.Nvidia announced Monday that it will produce its artificial intelligence super computers in the United States for the first time.  The tech giant said it has commissioned more than one million square feet of manufacturing space to build and test its specialized Blackwell chips in Arizona and AI supercomputers in Texas — part of an investment the company said will produce up to half a trillion dollars of AI infrastructure in the next four years.  “The engines of the world’s AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time,” Nvidia founder Jensen Huang said in a statement.Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
