Meta (META) Drops Llama 4 – But Bank of America Cools Target Over Ad Pressure & Tariff Fears
2025-04-14 13:05
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-meta-drops-llama-4-130549032.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other AI stocks to watch now.The trade war between two of the world’s biggest economies, China and the US, is deepening even further. In a tit-for-tat retaliatory move, China has imposed an 84% tariff on all imports from the US starting April 10. This move comes after Trump’s duties on Beijing, which have now been increased even further to a whopping 145%.Tech stocks have been plunging in response. Apple, for instance, has been doing the majority of its manufacturing in China, and the trade war is likely going to raise the price of its iPhones. Even though President Trump has confidence that the tech giant can make its phones in the U.S., experts aren’t so sure.READ ALSO: 10 AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Today and 9 Trending AI Stocks Making Headlines Today.According to Needham analyst Laura Martin, reshoring iPhone manufacturing may take years and result in the price of iPhones skyrocketing. Similarly, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives has said that an iPhone would cost $3,500 if produced in the U.S.Nevertheless, President Donald Trump has just announced a 90-day pause on his administration’s “reciprocal tariffs.” These would have affected the company’s production locations in Vietnam, India, and Thailand.Amid all this chaos, artificial intelligence continues to make leaps and bounds. In recent news, Silicon Valley startup Lightmatter has revealed it has developed a new type of computer chip. This chip is capable of both speeding up artificial intelligence work and using less electricity in the process.The company is one of the few that seeks to use beams of light to move data between computers, instead of electronic signals. However, the company also believes that it can use these very beams of light to carry out the computation.“What we’re doing is looking at the future of where processors can go. We fundamentally care about computers, and this is one of the alternative paths. There’s trillions of dollars of economic value that’s behind the idea that computers will keep getting better.”In other news, President Donald Trump has recently told Cabinet members that billionaire Elon Musk will leave his administration role in the coming months. Musk has been the subject of hate after his efforts to cut the federal workforce. His involvement in politics has been hurting his company as well.“I think he’s been amazing, but I also think he’s got a big company to run … And at some point, he’s going to be going back. He wants to. I’d keep him as long as I could keep him.”For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here).Photo by Timothy Hales Bennett on UnsplashNumber of Hedge Fund Investors: 235Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is a global technology company. On April 9, Bank of America reiterated the stock as “Buy” but lowered its price target to $640 from $765 due to growing macroeconomic uncertainty.The analysts told investors in a research note how they believe that ad spending pressure will materialize due to the latest tariff announcements and other negative headlines. The firm is lowering its ad spend estimates for Meta, which has deeper ad auctions, a higher mix of direct response revenues, and a 2%-3% foreign exchange benefit, by roughly 4%.Last Saturday, the company unveiled the first models from its latest open-source artificial intelligence software, Llama 4. However, its biggest and most powerful Llama 4 model, the Llama 4 Behemoth model, is still in training and is yet to be released.Overall, META ranks 3rd on our list of AI stocks to watch now. While we acknowledge the potential of META as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than META but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.Growth investors are racing to find the next Nvidia.  While there are some distinct differences, SoundHound AI (NASDAQ: SOUN) has one major similarity to Nvidia.  The latter's rise, especially in recent years, is fueled by the rise of artificial intelligence (AI).META expands its Ray-Ban smart glasses capabilities in the United Kingdom, adding advanced AI features, including object recognition and real-time translation.We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued […]The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.(Reuters) -Big Tech and auto shares rose after the U.S. removed smartphones and other electronics from its tariffs on China over the weekend, and after President Donald Trump added new wrinkles into his vacillating trade policy on Monday by suggesting he might grant exemptions on auto-related levies already in place.  Trump's aggressive tariffs, which would have raised the rate consumers and businesses would have to pay for imported goods by roughly 25%, sparked a selloff in U.S. assets, including stocks, the dollar and Treasury bonds.  The shifting stances caused investors to question the safe-haven status that America has long enjoyed and sapped both business and consumer confidence.It could change social media as we know it.Social media company Meta said Monday that it will start using publicly available content from European users to train its artificial intelligence models, resuming work put on hold last year after activists raised concerns about data privacy.  The company, which owns Facebook and Instagram, said that it would train its AI systems using public posts and comments shared by adult users in the 27-nation European Union.  “People’s interactions with Meta AI — like questions and queries — will also be used to train and improve our models,” the company said in a blog post.Meta went to court Monday against the Federal Trade Commission in an antitrust case that could force the social media titan to sell off Instagram or WhatsApp.(Bloomberg) -- Global technology stocks climbed Monday after the Trump administration provided crucial albeit fleeting tariff relief for battered electronics and semiconductor makers.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortagePresident Donald Trump on Friday published measures exPatrick Collison will join the board of the public social media company as speculation persists about the possibility of his payments company filing for an initial public offering.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
