Meta Platforms, Inc. (META)_ AI Momentum Builds Around Llama 4 and Agentic Tech Ahead of Q2 Surge
2025-04-14 13:29
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-platforms-inc-meta-ai-132939438.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention.In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued billionaire Musk, citing a pattern of harassment. The company also asked a federal judge to stop Musk from any “further unlawful and unfair action” against OpenAI in a court case over the company’s future structure that has fueled the AI revolution.OpenAI claims that Musk has tried “nonstop” to slow down its business for his benefit, accusing him of using “bad-faith tactics” against it to help him control AI technology.Musk has been actively seeking to stop OpenAI from transitioning to a “for-profit” company, claiming that the transition will be a bad idea, which prioritizes commercial interests and compromises its mission of benefiting humanity.OpenAI, however, denies these allegations. The company must complete its transition by the end of the year if it seeks to secure the entire $40 billion of its current fundraising round. If the transition fails to complete by year-end, the funding will likely be reduced to US$20 billion.READ NOW: 10 AI Stocks to Watch Now and 9 Trending AI Stocks Making Headlines Today“Through press attacks, malicious campaigns broadcast to Musk’s more than 200 million followers on the social media platform he controls, a pretextual demand for corporate records, harassing legal claims, and a sham bid for OpenAI’s assets, Musk has tried every tool available to harm OpenAI,”In response, Musk’s legal team has referred to a $97.4 billion unsolicited takeover bid from a Musk-led consortium. This bid was rejected by OpenAI.“Had OpenAI’s Board genuinely considered the bid as they were obligated to do they would have seen how serious it was. It’s telling that having to pay fair market value for OpenAI’s assets allegedly ‘interferes’ with their business plans.”For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here).Number of Hedge Fund Investors: 235Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is a global technology company. On April 10, Thomas Champion from Piper Sandler maintained a “Buy” rating on the stock with a price target of $610.00. The new price target follows performance checks with an Ad Buyer and evaluation of Meta’s upcoming financial performance. The firm anticipates Q2 revenue to fall between $42.5 billion and $45.5 billion, which reflects a year-over-year growth of 9% to 16.5%.Piper Sandler also expressed expectations that the company will adjust the operational expense forecast for fiscal year 2024 at $114-$119 billion, whereas capital expenditures are projected at $60-$65 billion. It is also looking forward to key developments concerning Meta’s advancements in artificial intelligence. This is particularly true for Llama 4 and the prospective opportunities related to agentic AI technologies.Overall, META ranks 3rd on our list of AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. While we acknowledge the potential of META as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than META but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.META expands its Ray-Ban smart glasses capabilities in the United Kingdom, adding advanced AI features, including object recognition and real-time translation.We came across a bullish thesis on Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) on Value Investing Subreddit Page by CompanyCharts. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on META. Meta Platforms, Inc. (META)’s share was trading at $543.57 as of April 11th. META’s trailing and forward P/E were 22.78 and 21.37 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Meta […]It could change social media as we know it.We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other AI stocks to watch now. The trade war between two of the world’s biggest economies, China and the US, is deepening even further. In […]The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.Social media company Meta said Monday that it will start using publicly available content from European users to train its artificial intelligence models, resuming work put on hold last year after activists raised concerns about data privacy.  The company, which owns Facebook and Instagram, said that it would train its AI systems using public posts and comments shared by adult users in the 27-nation European Union.  “People’s interactions with Meta AI — like questions and queries — will also be used to train and improve our models,” the company said in a blog post.Meta went to court Monday against the Federal Trade Commission in an antitrust case that could force the social media titan to sell off Instagram or WhatsApp.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
