Nasdaq Plan Will Bring Zero-Day Option Boom Closer to Single Stocks
2025-05-01 12-34
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nasdaq-plan-bring-zero-day-123420338.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Nasdaq Inc. wants to increase the number of days that options on megacaps like Nvidia Corp. and Tesla Inc. can expire, in what could be a key step toward expanding Wall Street’s zero-day trading boom to single stocks.
Most Read from Bloomberg
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
The explosive growth in the buying and selling of derivatives with less than one day to expiration — known as 0DTE options — has so far been largely contained to contracts tied to major indexes such as the S&P 500 and a handful of corresponding ETFs. That’s because they boast daily expirations, whereas options on single equity names only expire on a Friday.
Nasdaq has filed a proposal to expand those weekly expirations for a small group of qualified stocks to add both Monday and Wednesday.
Pending an approval from the US Securities and Exchange Commission, options with those maturities are expected to start trading as early as the first half of 2026, according to the exchange operator. The move is aimed to help investors “more precisely manage their portfolios and their risk in a transparent, liquid, and secure marketplace,” a spokesperson said.
The step up to three days would echo the process followed with S&P 500 options. They also expired on a Monday, Wednesday and Friday until 2022, when exchanges including Cboe Global Markets Inc. expanded expirations to every weekday. That set off an avalanche of trading activity as investors flocked to the fast-twitch derivatives for both hedging and speculation.
0DTE contracts now account for more than half of the total traded volume of options tied to the S&P 500.
The route to success with individual names is likely to be more complicated. Single-stock options are typically physical settled, rather than cash settled as in the case of index options. That creates extra risk especially for retail traders, who may not be aware of the difference. In the event a stock gets assigned upon expiration and then plunges overnight on news such as disappointing earnings, the contract owner can be exposed to substantial losses.
In a bid to alleviate that kind of risk, Nasdaq is proposing not to list any Monday or Wednesday expirations that would coincide with a company’s earnings release.
Meanwhile, to ensure sufficient liquidity and demand, the exchange group is proposing only to provide the additional expirations for options on stocks with a minimum market cap of $700 billion, or exchange-traded funds with a net asset value of more than $50 billion. The underlying securities will also need to meet certain criteria surrounding options volume and open interest.
Based on data from last quarter, Apple Inc., Amazon.com Inc., Alphabet Inc., Microsoft Corp., Broadcom Inc., Meta Platforms Inc. and the Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund would make the cut alongside Nvidia and Tesla.
Nasdaq is opting for a “very safe, slow roll out to see how things go,” said Jake Taylor, head of US single stock options at Optiver Holding BV, one of the world’s largest options market makers. The move is a “natural progression” from the success of 0DTE and other exchanges could follow suit, he said.
While appetite for 0DTE options on single stocks is untested, the signs are that demand would be high. In January, almost 31 million contracts on single stocks changed hands daily, surpassing those on indexes and ETFs combined, according to data compiled by Cboe.
Yet volume is concentrated, with contracts linked to 10 companies accounting for 40% of all single-stock option trading.
Investor enthusiasm for single-stock 0DTE may soon get a partial test from the ETF market, where one issuer filed earlier this year to create a line of funds trading ultra-short maturity options on Nvidia and other retail-investor favorites. Those products plan to use what are known as Flex options as a workaround given the lack of daily expiring single-stock contracts.
The addition of more weekly expiries would be “a valuable step forward in meeting the diverse and dynamic needs of today’s retail investors,” said Nate Palmer, president of retail broker Moomoo Financial Inc.
--With assistance from Katherine Doherty.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Artificial intelligence (AI) could be the most valuable financial opportunity in the history of the semiconductor industry.  Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang thinks data center spending will top $1 trillion per year by 2028, purely because of AI.  The iShares Semiconductor ETF holds 30 of the highest-quality stocks that could benefit from the AI spending boom.
(Bloomberg) -- Copper rose amid signs of progress on trade deals between the US and other nations, potentially lessening risks to global growth and metals demand. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
Rick Rieder of BlackRock has been favoring higher-quality credit and shorter maturities. The allure of 5% mortgage securities.
Brent crude is expected to average $68.23 a barrel this year, while West Texas Intermediate is projected at $64.60 a barrel, an April survey showed.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Citadel Securities has sent the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a wish list for capital markets regulation, including warnings about the risks of 24-hour trading planned by exchanges.  The market maker founded by billionaire investor Ken Griffin said overnight trading requires a clear regulatory framework, as well as market infrastructure to support it, calling for consistency around dates.  Exchanges like Nasdaq, Cboe Global Markets and Intercontinental Exchange, the operator of the New York Stock Exchange, have announced plans for extended trading hours.
(Bloomberg) -- The yen fell sharply against the dollar after the Bank of Japan said it will take longer than it previously thought to hit the inflation target, leading traders to pare bets on further interest-rate hikes.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last
Strong earnings from big technology firms and easing trade tensions fueled a rally in stocks, lifting the Nasdaq Composite to levels last reached before President Trump’s tariff announcement touched off a roller-coaster April.  The tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 1.5%, up 0.6% from its April 2 close.  The S&P 500, which added 0.6% on Thursday, ended 1.2% shy of where it settled before Trump’s barrage of tariffs were unleashed from the White House Rose Garden.
A US judge ordered Apple to immediately decrease its App Store fees and asked for criminal prosecutors to review the company's alleged 'cover-up,' jeopardizing billions in revenue for the tech giant.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The U.S. Treasury's primary dealers say they would prefer to end the federal debt ceiling, as it likely increases debt service costs and market volatility and may hurt the dollar's reserve asset status, minutes of the Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee (TBAC) showed on Wednesday.  "The Committee expressed that its preferred option would be for Congress to delegate broad authority to the administration to borrow as necessary to fund government obligations," the TBAC said in the minutes from its quarterly refunding meeting held on Tuesday.  Treasury debt yields surged this month after Trump announced punishing "reciprocal" tariffs on many countries on April 2.
(Bloomberg) -- Short-term Treasuries rose and traders boosted their expectations for Federal Reserve interest-rate cuts later this year after the US economy contracted for the first time since 2022.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agen