Google is reportedly showing ads in chats with some third-party AI chatbots
2025-05-01 12-23
https://techcrunch.com/2025/05/01/google-is-reportedly-showing-ads-in-chats-with-some-third-party-ai-chatbots/?.tsrc=rss
Latest	



		AI	



		Amazon	



		Apps	



		Biotech & Health	



		Climate	



		Cloud Computing	



		Commerce	



		Crypto	



		Enterprise	



		EVs	



		Fintech	



		Fundraising	



		Gadgets	



		Gaming	



		Google	



		Government & Policy	



		Hardware	



		Instagram	



		Layoffs	



		Media & Entertainment	



		Meta	



		Microsoft	



		Privacy	



		Robotics	



		Security	



		Social	



		Space	



		Startups	



		TikTok	



		Transportation	



		Venture	



		Events	



		Startup Battlefield	



		StrictlyVC	



		Newsletters	



		Podcasts	



		Videos	



		Partner Content	



		TechCrunch Brand Studio	



		Crunchboard	



		Contact Us	

Posted:
Google’s AdSense advertising network started supporting ads inside users’ chats with some third-party AI chatbots earlier this year, Bloomberg reported.
The company is rolling out the feature following tests with AI search startups iAsk and Liner, the report said, citing anonymous sources familiar with the matter.
“AdSense for Search is available for websites that want to show relevant ads in their conversational AI experiences,” Bloomberg cited a Google spokesperson as saying.
The search and advertising giant is ostensibly seeking to capitalize on — and offset the potential threat of — the burgeoning trend of users increasingly using AI chatbots like OpenAI’s ChatGPT, Anthropic’s Claude, and Perplexity to search the web and answer common queries.
Google has invested heavily in AI tools and products, with a slate of large language models and frequent updates to its Gemini AI apps and models. The company late last year started showing ads in AI Overviews, the AI-generated summaries it supplies for certain Search queries.
Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Topics
Get inside access to Europe’s top investment minds — with leaders from Monzo, Accel, Paladin Group, and more — plus top-tier networking at StrictlyVC London.
Subscribe for the industry’s biggest tech news
Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunch’s coverage.
TechCrunch's AI experts cover the latest news in the fast-moving field.
Every Monday, gets you up to speed on the latest advances in aerospace.
Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly.
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice.
© 2025 TechCrunch Media LLC.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
We won't sell or share your personal information to inform the ads you see. You may still see interest-based ads if your information is sold or shared by other companies or was sold or shared previously.
Dismiss
Opt out