CCME launches to take on anti-competitive smartphone platform duopoly
2025-05-01 15-05
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ccme-launches-anti-competitive-smartphone-150547379.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta Platforms (META), Spotify (SPOT), Garmin (GRMN) and Match (MTCH) are among the companies launching the Coalition for a Competitive Mobile Experience, a lobbying coalition to take on Apple (AAPL) and Alphabet (GOOG) (GOOGL) as legislation to require age verification gains momentum amid rising public concern over minors’ online access to inappropriate material. The group will lobby federal and state policymakers to enact legislation cracking down on the smartphone companies’ business practices, as well as aid the Justice Department in its cases against Apple and Google. “Smartphones have become one of the most important tools in our daily lives, but the mobile experience is controlled by gatekeepers that have used their control of the market to stifle competition and choice at the expense of consumers. Leveling the playing field, increasing interoperability, and adding age-based content restrictions in the app store will give consumers the power they deserve, providing more freedom and access, all while lowering costs,” said Brandon Kressin, Director of the Coalition for a Competitive Mobile Experience.
Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals in  TipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter.
Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,  delivered straight to your inbox.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >>
Read More on META:
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
“Don’t Worry, Bitcoin Is Going to $1 Million by 2028” Says BitMEX Co-Founder
AMD Chips Away at Nvidia’s AI Lead as Super Micro Stumbles
AppLovin under pressure on fears of decelerating mobile gaming
Microsoft Eyes EU Expansion Despite Strict Norms Against Big Tech
Is Nvidia Stock Still a Buy as Meta and Microsoft Report?
Garmin on Wednesday beat estimates for sales in the first quarter but came up short on earnings. Garmin stock fell on the news.
Google is expanding access to AI Mode, its experimental feature that allows users to ask complex, multipart questions and follow-ups to dig deeper on a topic directly within Search. The tech giant is also adding more functionality to the feature, including the ability to pick up where you left off on a search. Google launched AI Mode back in March as a way to take on popular services like Perplexity AI and OpenAI’s ChatGPT Search. The updates announced today are designed to allow AI Mode to bett
Meta Platforms jumps after reporting better-than-expected first-quarter 2025 results. We highlight five ETFs to tap the growth.
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
CVS Health (CVS) on Thursday raised its full-year earnings outlook as the healthcare company reporte
The online gaming company tops Wall Street's bookings estimates and says its user numbers surged in the first quarter.
Garmin raised full-year revenue guidance after a record first quarter.  Investors may be focusing on an expected dip in profit margin.  Garmin has built a robust cash position that represents 11% of its market cap.
A federal judge said Apple violated an antitrust ruling linked to the tech firm’s control over its App Store and ordered it to loosen restrictions.
Craig Moffett, MoffettNathanson founder partner, says he's not a bear on Apple. He says Apple's valuation is out of line with its growth expectations. The iPhone maker and member of the "Magnificent 7" is due to report earnings after the bell Thursday. He's on "Bloomberg Open Interest."
MSFT's third-quarter fiscal 2025 results reflect strength in the AI business and Copilot adoption, backed by accelerating growth in its Azure cloud infrastructure unit.