Amazon beats on Q1 earnings, but light Q2 guidance sends stock sliding
2025-05-01 20-05
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amazon-beats-on-q1-earnings-but-light-q2-guidance-sends-stock-sliding-200554161.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Amazon (AMZN) reported its first quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday, beating on the top and bottom lines, but offered lighter-than-anticipated guidance for its Q2 operating income.
For the quarter, Amazon saw earnings per share (EPS) of $1.59 on revenue of $155.7 billion. Wall Street was anticipating EPS of $1.36 and revenue of $155.1 billion, according to Bloomberg consensus estimates. The company reported EPS of $0.98 and revenue of $143.3 billion in Q1 last year.
AWS revenue came in at $29.3 billion inline with expectations.
For the second quarter, Amazon said it anticipates operating income of between $13 billion and $17.5 billion. Analysts were expecting $17.8 billion. The company saw operating income of $14.7 billion in Q2 2024.
The company also said it anticipates a 10-basis-point impact to its Q2 sales.
Amazon stock fell more than 4% following the report.
Amazon's announcement comes after a dustup with the Trump White House on Tuesday over a Punchbowl News report that the company was preparing to include the impact of tariffs on product prices.
White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt called the move "a hostile and political act," and CNN White House reporter Alayna Treene said President Trump personally called Bezos to complain about the plan.
Amazon has since denied that it was going to add tariff pricing to its main e-commerce site.
"The team that runs our ultra-low cost Amazon Haul store considered the idea of listing import charges on certain products," Amazon spokesperson Tim Doyle said in a statement. "This was never approved and is not going to happen.”
During a Tuesday afternoon briefing, Trump commented on the matter, saying, "Jeff Bezos is very nice. Terrific. He solved the problem very quickly. He did the right thing. Good guy."
The episode highlights the precarious position tech companies face as they work to navigate the reality of Trump's tariffs and the threat of possible reprisals from the White House.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
With goods imported from China facing a 145% tariff and other countries facing a blanket 10% tariff, UBS analyst Stephen Ju estimated in an investor note that some 50% or more of products sold on Amazon will face some kind of tariff-related price increase.
"Consumers therefore might have to make more difficult choices on where to allocate their dollars," Ju wrote.
"We also have to think that there could be second order impacts as exporters to the US are likely going to face lower revenue and as a result may have to make adjustments to their business/headcount needs, which may impact employment globally and downstream [gross merchandise value] growth internationally as well," Ju added.
Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Apple reported better than anticipated Q2 earnings, on stronger than expected iPhone sales.
(Bloomberg) -- Key House Republicans on Thursday discussed ways to direct an expanded state and local tax deduction to those making less than $400,000 as they seek to balance the cost of the tax break with the political needs of several lawmakers from New York and other high-tax states. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNY
Amazon (AMZN) reported first-quarter earnings after the bell Thursday, blowing past expectations.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) -Mexico's government will gradually reduce the standard work week to 40 hours, Labor and Social Security Minister Marath Bolanos said on Thursday, in a move expected to take full effect by January 2030.  Speaking at a Labor Day event, Bolanos said the ministry will hold a series of forums in cities across the country from June to July to help shape a proposal for the gradual transition.  Mexico currently has a 48-hour work week.
Asian stock markets and U.S. futures rose on Friday as signs of possible trade talks between the U.S. and China lifted risk sentiment after lacklustre earnings from tech bellwethers Apple and Amazon fuelled worries about the impact of tariffs.  China's commerce ministry said on Friday the United States has repeatedly expressed its willingness to negotiate on tariffs and that Beijing's door is open for talks.  The comments helped U.S. stock futures reverse course from earlier falls after Apple trimmed its share buyback program and warned tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter.
The U.S. dollar headed for a third straight weekly gain as signs of progress in Washington's talks with some of its trading partners and better-than-expected data eased concerns over investments in the world's largest economy.  The dollar, U.S. Treasuries and shares have bounced from steep declines last month as President Donald Trump's erratic tariff policies drove fears of a recession and sapped confidence in U.S. assets.  The focus now turns to the release of nonfarm payrolls figures later in the global day.
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
Early Thursday morning Tesla chair Robyn Denholm denied a stunning report from the Wall Street Journal alleging Tesla’s board of directors was looking for CEO Elon Musk’s replacement.
AppLovin stock is moving lower in conjunction with a sell-off for the broader market on the heels of Q1 GDP data.  The stock is also selling off due to new analyst forecasts from Edgewater Research.  The stock of AppLovin (NASDAQ: APP) is getting hit with big sell-offs in Wednesday's trading.
China’s Commerce Ministry said Friday that Beijing is evaluating multiple approaches by the Trump administration for trade talks.  The statement reiterated China's stance that is open to talks, but also that Beijing is determined to fight if it must.  “The tariff and trade wars were unilaterally initiated by the U.S., if the U.S. side wants to talk, it should show its sincerity, and be ready to take action on issues such as correcting wrong practices and canceling the unilateral imposition of tariffs,” it said.