Jim Cramer Says ‘I’ve Left Alphabet (GOOG)’
2025-05-01 19-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-says-ve-left-190030795.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Jim Cramer Stocks to Watch Amid Trump Tariff Wars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed.
Jim Cramer in a latest program on CNBC talked about the latest signs of de-escalation in trade wars between the US and China and told investors that even bear market rallies could be a positive sign. Cramer, however, believes the US government has yet to give any clarity on its policies on China.
“There’s a great misunderstanding about how real recoveries get started. They always start as bear market rallies, for heaven’s sake. They’re rarely based on hard facts. When you get this kind of rally, it doesn’t happen because someone gave you the green light to start buying. You don’t get a statement from the president that the trade war is over and everything’s back to normal.”
In addition to positive reports on the US-China tariff front, Cramer also mentioned the latest reports on President Trump’s stance on Fed Chair Jerome Powell, saying that the possibility of Trump firing the central bank chief seems to be “off the table.”
READ ALSO: 7 Best Stocks to Buy For Long-Term and 8 Cheap Jim Cramer Stocks to Invest In.
For this article, we picked 10 stocks Jim Cramer recently talked about during his latest programs on CNBC. With each stock, we have mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Investors: 160
Jim Cramer in a latest program reiterated his concerns about Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) and said that he’s not using Google anymore because of other AI search tools:
“I’ve left Google. Now, I didn’t leave it at the right price, I know that, but I left it because I don’t use Google other than for the most simple historical stuff, because there are other ones that I wouldn’t go to. I won’t go to Grok to find out whether Hoover was president. I’ll still use Google for that, but I just find myself using so many other things, and I know I can’t be alone, and that’s what I worry about. I know YouTube’s doing well, though.”
Alphabet posted strong quarterly results but the market remains reluctant about the stock amid threats to its search business due to the onslaught of AI tools like ChatGPT. However, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) bulls believe these concerns are overstated.
Google has an edge over competitors because it’s easier for the billions of users of its search engine to switch to Gemini instead of opting for a completely new model. Google has over 1.5 billion monthly users interacting with its AI-powered Search overviews. OpenAI, Alphabet’s biggest competitor now when it comes to AI search, has less than 5% of its users paying, and its business model is still developing.  Google’s first-quarter results showed continued strength in its cloud unit, with revenue up 28% year over year and solid operating income growth. This supports Google’s broader AI strategy and underscores the scale advantages of its cloud business.
Wedgewood Partners stated the following regarding Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:
“Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) also detracted from performance during the quarter, despite of +13% growth in its core search business and over +20% growth in segment income for Google Services. The Company’s search results are beginning to beneit from the addition of “GenAI” (generative arti icial intelligence) responses being added, which monetize at a nearly similar rate as traditional search results do. Alphabet’s Google subsidiary serves billions of users per day, so it is no mean feat to be able to offer GenAI to users free of charge. Google has long been at the forefront of AI hardware and software R&D, irst rolling out its Tensor Processing Units (TPU) to run machine-learning operations across massive datasets almost a decade ago. The Company should be able to continue to drive growth thanks to these large long-term investments in AI and other technical software and infrastructure.”
Overall, GOOG ranks 3rd on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOG as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that under the radar AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOG but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of 11 Best Augmented Reality Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other best augmented reality stocks to buy according to hedge funds. According to a report by Mordor Intelligence, the global AR […]
Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai took the witness stand Wednesday at the company's breakup trial in an attempt to preserve the competitive advantages of a crown jewel: Google Search.
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the growing amount […]
We recently published a list of 11 Oversold Global Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) stands against other oversold global stocks to buy according to hedge funds. Global stocks are businesses that have a diversified revenue base and do not […]
We recently published a list of 10 Jim Cramer Stocks to Watch Amid Trump Tariff Wars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. Jim Cramer in a latest program on CNBC talked about the latest signs of de-escalation in […]
Brent crude futures rose 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $62.51 a barrel by 0136 GMT, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures added 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $59.62 a barrel.  China's commerce ministry on Friday said the United States has recently taken steps to open a dialogue with Beijing by conveying information through relevant parties.  Concerns that the broader trade war could push the global economy into a recession and crimp oil demand, just as the OPEC+ group is preparing to raise output, have weighed heavily on oil prices in recent weeks.
C3.ai recently formed strategic partnerships with leading cloud services that could expand its sales potential.  Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing plans to increase capital spending this year to support growing demand for AI chips.  The recent sell-off in tech stocks is a great opportunity to buy shares of leading artificial intelligence (AI) companies at a discount.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...