Why Nvidia stock is popping after big quarters for Microsoft and Meta
2025-05-01 12-28
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-nvidia-stock-is-popping-after-big-quarters-for-microsoft-and-meta-122826896.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NVDA) bulls could breathe a sigh of relief on artificial intelligence demand in the wake of big quarters from Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta (META) late Wednesday.
Nvidia stock popped nearly 5% in premarket trading on Thursday as the two software giants signaled strong demand for AI tools and a desire to keep spending aggressively to build out AI infrastructure. Nvidia's powerful chips are at the heart of the AI movement.
"Contrary to investors' worries of slowing capex, it appears that spending for AI continues to be unabated," Citi analyst Chris Danely wrote in a note.
Meta raised its 2025 capital expenditure guidance by 9% to a range of $64 billion to $72 billion. Consensus estimates were for about $60 billion. Meta execs said the hike reflects the support of AI buildouts and higher costs for infrastructure hardware.
"We continue to increase our investments and focus more of our resources on AI," Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg said on the earnings call.
Meanwhile, Microsoft reiterated its full-year capital expenditure guidance. It expects capital expenditures to grow year over year.
"In general, we saw better-than-expected performance across our segments, but we saw acceleration in our largest customers. We call that the enterprise segment in general," Microsoft CFO Amy Hood told analysts on a call.
Alphabet (GOOGL) also reaffirmed its $75 billion capital expenditure plans when it reported first quarter earnings last week.
Amazon could offer up a similar tone when it announces results today after the close. Citi expects Amazon's capital expenditures to grow by 35% in 2025 and by 15% in 2026.
Nvidia investors have waded through an un-Nvidia-like year so far.
Shares are down by 19%, hit by the one-two punch of the Trump administration's crackdown on AI chip exports to China and fears of capacity overbuilds in the US. The read-through to Nvidia has been that while it will still likely have a big year financially, growth rates may not be at the stellar pace delivered in 2024.
But the first quarter results from Microsoft, Alphabet, and Meta poke a hole in that bearish narrative.
"Christmas came early for Nvidia. Big tech not slowing down AI spend," Wedbush tech analyst Dan Ives told Yahoo Finance.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram and on LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Nvidia shares are surging in premarket trading Thursday as two of its key customers—Microsoft and Meta Platforms—posted strong results and committed to continuing their heavy AI spending.
Square stock plunged after payments firm Block reported Q1 earnings and revenue that missed Wall Street estimates and lowered fiscal 2025 guidance.
Supermicro's stock was boosted by earnings reports from two major tech companies that show AI spending is still going strong.  The company's own preliminary numbers released ahead of the May 6s earnings call paint a troubling picture.  Shares of Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ: SMCI) are rising on Thursday.
(Bloomberg) -- Nasdaq Inc. wants to increase the number of days that options on megacaps like Nvidia Corp. and Tesla Inc. can expire, in what could be a key step toward expanding Wall Street’s zero-day trading boom to single stocks.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Qua
Use the IBD Stock Screener to quickly filter through thousands of companies to find stocks that meet your criteria.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.