Jim Cramer Says ‘I’ve Left Alphabet (GOOG)’
2025-05-01 19-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-says-ve-left-190030795.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Jim Cramer Stocks to Watch Amid Trump Tariff Wars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed.
Jim Cramer in a latest program on CNBC talked about the latest signs of de-escalation in trade wars between the US and China and told investors that even bear market rallies could be a positive sign. Cramer, however, believes the US government has yet to give any clarity on its policies on China.
“There’s a great misunderstanding about how real recoveries get started. They always start as bear market rallies, for heaven’s sake. They’re rarely based on hard facts. When you get this kind of rally, it doesn’t happen because someone gave you the green light to start buying. You don’t get a statement from the president that the trade war is over and everything’s back to normal.”
In addition to positive reports on the US-China tariff front, Cramer also mentioned the latest reports on President Trump’s stance on Fed Chair Jerome Powell, saying that the possibility of Trump firing the central bank chief seems to be “off the table.”
READ ALSO: 7 Best Stocks to Buy For Long-Term and 8 Cheap Jim Cramer Stocks to Invest In.
For this article, we picked 10 stocks Jim Cramer recently talked about during his latest programs on CNBC. With each stock, we have mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Investors: 160
Jim Cramer in a latest program reiterated his concerns about Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) and said that he’s not using Google anymore because of other AI search tools:
“I’ve left Google. Now, I didn’t leave it at the right price, I know that, but I left it because I don’t use Google other than for the most simple historical stuff, because there are other ones that I wouldn’t go to. I won’t go to Grok to find out whether Hoover was president. I’ll still use Google for that, but I just find myself using so many other things, and I know I can’t be alone, and that’s what I worry about. I know YouTube’s doing well, though.”
Alphabet posted strong quarterly results but the market remains reluctant about the stock amid threats to its search business due to the onslaught of AI tools like ChatGPT. However, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) bulls believe these concerns are overstated.
Google has an edge over competitors because it’s easier for the billions of users of its search engine to switch to Gemini instead of opting for a completely new model. Google has over 1.5 billion monthly users interacting with its AI-powered Search overviews. OpenAI, Alphabet’s biggest competitor now when it comes to AI search, has less than 5% of its users paying, and its business model is still developing.  Google’s first-quarter results showed continued strength in its cloud unit, with revenue up 28% year over year and solid operating income growth. This supports Google’s broader AI strategy and underscores the scale advantages of its cloud business.
Wedgewood Partners stated the following regarding Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:
“Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) also detracted from performance during the quarter, despite of +13% growth in its core search business and over +20% growth in segment income for Google Services. The Company’s search results are beginning to beneit from the addition of “GenAI” (generative arti icial intelligence) responses being added, which monetize at a nearly similar rate as traditional search results do. Alphabet’s Google subsidiary serves billions of users per day, so it is no mean feat to be able to offer GenAI to users free of charge. Google has long been at the forefront of AI hardware and software R&D, irst rolling out its Tensor Processing Units (TPU) to run machine-learning operations across massive datasets almost a decade ago. The Company should be able to continue to drive growth thanks to these large long-term investments in AI and other technical software and infrastructure.”
Overall, GOOG ranks 3rd on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOG as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that under the radar AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOG but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a generational investment opportunity with room for many winners.  AI spending concerns and economic uncertainty have weighed on top AI stocks.  Although artificial intelligence, or AI, stocks have struggled recently, it's still one of the most exciting technology transformations of the modern era.
Nvidia's stock is trading like the worst-case scenario will occur.  MercadoLibre is a great way to gain exposure outside the U.S.  With the marketwide sell-off, plenty of red-hot growth stocks have sold off and don't have near the premium attached to them as they once did.
After Microsoft (MSFT) reported better-than-expected fiscal third-quarter results, Goldman Sachs increased its price target on the shares to $480 from $450 while keeping a Buy rating on the name. The investment bank is bullish on MSFT’s AI business. MSFT’s Azure Is Getting a Lift From AI As AI expands, more data is being moved to […]
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the growing […]
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) -Mexico's government will gradually reduce the standard work week to 40 hours, Labor and Social Security Minister Marath Bolanos said on Thursday, in a move expected to take full effect by January 2030.  Speaking at a Labor Day event, Bolanos said the ministry will hold a series of forums in cities across the country from June to July to help shape a proposal for the gradual transition.  Mexico currently has a 48-hour work week.
Intel announced plans to develop its own AI chips on an earnings call Friday The company's previous strategy has been to acquire AI startups that have already developed their own chips Analysts remain split on whether or not the plan will work, citing Nvidia's dominance in the market Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) CEO Lip-Bu Tan announced that the company will be working to develop its own AI chips, in an earnings call on Friday. "This is not a quick fix," Tan said on the call. He continued that he would b
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.