Title: Why Wall Street's biggest bear isn't budging on his calls after Trump tariff pause
Date: 2025-04-11 12:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-wall-streets-biggest-bear-isnt-budging-on-his-calls-after-trump-tariff-pause-124002190.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
It's going to take more than a reciprocal tariff pause to keepWall Street's biggest bearfrom roaming the markets and heading into hibernation.
"Based on my calculations, the tariff rate is still quite high — at least as high as anything we have seen since the 1930s," BCA Research chief strategistPeter Berezintold Yahoo Finance. "There is no guarantee these so-called reciprocal tariffs are going to come down. The fact of the matter is that most countries don't have very large trade barriers with the US."
Berezin added, "The uncertainty is a problem — I think we are still headed into a recession, unfortunately."
Berezintold Yahoo Finance recentlyhe sees a 75% chance of a US recession this year and the S&P 500 dropping 15% to 4,450. He hasn't ruled out the US already being in a mild recession.
Listen:Why Jamie Dimon may be wrong on a recession
Berezin gained attention for being the lone bear on Wall Street coming into 2025. Further, he correctly called in 2022 that there would be no US recession — despite most on the Street bracing for one. He has been an economist for more than 30 years, with stints at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Goldman Sachs, and now BCA Research.
The bearish calls on markets and the economy come amid another turbulent week for stocks as some traders aimed to price in a recession while others took a more optimistic viewpoint.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) on Thursdaytanked 1,014.79 points or 2.5%. The S&P 500 (^GSPC) and Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) sold off to the tune of 3.46% and 4.31%, respectively. Investor favorites Nvidia (NVDA) and Tesla (TSLA) plunged 6% and 7.3%, respectively.
Read more:How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility
Markets essentially dialed back their excitement after a historic day on Wednesday.
The S&P 500 exploded 9.5% on Wednesday as President Trump announced a90-day pause on reciprocal tariffsfor most countries. He cranked up the pressure on China, however,taking tariffs up to 145%. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite surged 12% for its second-best day on record. The Dow Jones Industrial Average shot up 7.8%, or about 3,000 points.
The about-face on tariffs caused Goldman Sachs economists to reverse their baseline recession call ... made earlier that day.
Stocks weresolidly in the redon Friday.
Despite the elevated market volatility, some Wall Street strategists are aiming to search the rubble for buying opportunities. Most calls reviewed by Yahoo Finance focus on defensive stock tilts rather than buying recent dips on former highfliers in Apple (AAPL), Nvidia, and Tesla.
"This week's stunning reversals demonstrate how quickly things can change on both the policy/macro front and for equities. Given singular updates can determine risk-on vs. risk-off, we believe a balanced approach is warranted," the Jefferies equity research team wrote in a note today.
"The current macro backdrop calls for a different tack than the classic cyclicals vs. defensives or straightforward factor-based approaches," the team explained. "With tariffs yet to be decided, significant estimate revisions may still be on the come, calling current multiples into question. Equally, given recent degrossing and better-than-feared macro data points, negotiation updates or policy u-turns can change sentiment quickly."
"As a result, we think investors are well-advised to allocate toward both companies with less direct exposure to tariffs & downward spiraling growth, as well as beaten-down shares resembling coiled springs."
Top ideas include Coca-Cola (KO), McDonald's (MCD), Ralph Lauren (RL), Exxon (XOM), Netflix (NFLX), and Uber (UBER).
Brian Sozziis Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X@BrianSozzi,Instagram, andLinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Shares of Bank of America surged Tuesday morning after the financial giant's first-quarter results came in better than expected.
The International Energy Agency on Tuesday cut its projection for oil demand growth this year and the next, blaming the toll on the global economy from President Donald Trump’s tariffs.
Sony has raised PlayStation 5 prices Europe, Australia, and New Zealand, citing a "challenging economic environment, including high inflation and fluctuating exchange rates."
Americans’ expectations for near-term inflation hit the highest level since the fall of 2023 in March, amid a souring in the public’s assessment of their personal finances and hiring prospects, a report from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said on Monday.  The bank said that in its latest Survey of Consumer Expectations, respondents see inflation a year from now at 3.6%, up from 3.1% in February, matching the same level last seen in October 2023.  The sharp increase in near-term expectations came as the projected level of inflation three years from now held steady at 3%, while the forecast for inflation in five years tipped down to 2.9% in March from 3% the prior month.
Omnicom witnessed declines in revenue growth across segments including healthcare, public relations, branding and retail, in the quarter, countering a 7.2% rise in the media and advertising business, the company's biggest.  As businesses rein in ad budgets amid geopolitical tensions and stubborn inflation, the slowdown in client spending is weighing on revenue growth for major advertising firms like Omnicom.  Omnicom's revenue stood at $3.69 billion in the quarter ended March 31, compared with analysts' average estimate of $3.72 billion, according to data compiled by LSEG.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.