Title: Apple Has 20 Billion Reasons to Talk Down Google Search
Date: 2025-05-08 21:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/b61dd5a6-2642-3d8f-b84e-b34bfc8bec21/apple-has-20-billion-reasons.html?.tsrc=rss

Apple has plenty at stake in the landmark U.S. vs Google antitrust trial, starting with $20 billion in profit-rich revenue. Shares plunged on fears of search disruption. That doesn’t mean the company isn’t prepared for change. U.S. stocks rose on Thursday, with major indexes climbing. Tech led the day’s rally, and the Nasdaq closed up slightly over 1%. In his DOJ testimony, an Apple executive stated the company was looking at artificial intelligence (AI) search alternatives on its devices.  Google Search, responsible for more than 50% of Alphabet's revenue, could be threatened.  The executive also revealed that for the first time, searches on Safari (where Google Search is the default) declined, citing AI. 🔎 After-Market Activity: Shares of Lyft (LYFT), DraftKings (DKNG) and Pinterest (PINS) rose after the companies released results postmarket. Shares of Coinbase (COIN), Affirm (AFRM), Rocket Cos. (RKT) and Expedia (EXPE) fell after their reports. Paramount generated $7.19 billion in revenue in its latest quarter. The figure beat Wall Street estimates but it’s down 6% from year ago. Berkshire Hathaway has amassed 28% of Occidental Petroleum, but its stock has slumped as U.S. oil prices come under pressure. Apple "has incentive for Google to appear weaker in search," at least one analyst said Thursday, brushing off the sharp drop in Alphabet stock seen Wednesday. Nvidia stock rose 3% to end the trading day Wednesday following a Bloomberg report that the Trump administration plans to repeal AI chip export restrictions put into place under former President Joe Biden. Stocks were holding onto muted gains on Thursday as Wall Street awaited updates from President Donald Trump about a trade pact with the U.K. The S&P 500 was up 0.5%. The Dow was up 200 points, or 0.5%. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.