Title: Why Analysts Are Staying Bullish on Google After Search Worries Sparked Sell-Off
Date: 2025-05-08 16:01
URL: https://www.investopedia.com/why-analysts-are-staying-bullish-on-google-after-search-worries-sparked-sell-off-11730691?.tsrc=rss

NurPhoto / Getty Images Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL) lostabout $150 billioninmarket capitalizationWednesday amid worries it could lose ground toAI-powered search options. Morgan Stanley says it's an opportunity to buy the stock. “GOOGL sentiment has (again) troughed due to AI-disruption fears,” Morgan Stanley said, referencing an Apple (AAPL) executive's comments that the iPhone maker is looking to add AI-powered search options to its Safari browser, and suggested they could eventually replace Google, which is currently Safari's default search engine. However, Morgan Stanley argued that competitors in the space like OpenAI, Meta (META), and Perplexity “don't yet have large enough user bases or compelling enough products,” to drive customers away from Google. Shares of Alphabet were up 2% close to $155 in recent trading Thursday, after plunging 7%a day earlier. Morgan Stanley maintained its price target of $185, and said it's "time to buy" the stock. Jefferies analysts noted that Chrome holds a 66% browser share compared to Safari’s 17%.Google has also made its own progress in AI, with AI Overviews in Searchreaching 1.5 billionmonthly active users. "While we agree there are emerging alternatives to Google Search, GOOGL is not standing still," the analysts said. Jefferies reiterated its $200 target, calling yesterday's sell-off "overdone." JPMorgan and Citi affirmed their targets of $195 and $200, respectively. Still, one serious risk to Google's search dominance is antitrust enforcement. Last August, a federal judge agreed with Justice Department prosecutors that Googleoperated an illegal monopolyin the online search market. The Apple executive's comments were part of testimony in a court proceeding Wednesday meant to find a remedy to that monopoly. Morgan Stanley. "Addressing Disruption Debates and Why to Buy GOOGL Now." Jefferies. "Alphabet, Inc. Over-Reaction to Apple Exec Comments; Don't Rush To Count Out Google Search." Citi. "Alphabet Inc. Thoughts Regarding Google Search Usage on Safari; Watch Google I/O." J.P.Morgan. "Alphabet Inc. Our Thoughts on Google Trial Testimony & Stock Move - Overdone."