Title: Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Among Billionaire Quants’ Two Sigma’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential
Date: 2025-05-08 23:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-googl-among-billionaire-232031627.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published a list ofBillionaire Quants’ Two Sigma’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other billionaire quants’ two sigma’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Two Sigma Advisorsis one of the leading players in the quantitative hedge fund space, according to Archive Market Research’s analysis. The quant fund operates as an investment management company and was founded in 2001 by David Siegel, a computer scientist, and John Overdeck, a mathematician. The fund manages $60 billion worth of assets as of April 2025. Quant funds and their multi-strategy counterparts often do well in the market. A Reuters analysis found that many quant hedge funds posted double-digit growth in 2024. This growth happened despite “negative drivers” in sectors like energy, metals, and European equities. Two Sigma, alongside quant funds likeD.E. ShawandCitadel, also managed solid performance last year. The hedge fund’s Spectrum Fund returned 10.9% and 14.3% for the Absolute Return Enhanced Fund. But one might argue that for a hedge fund that relies on complex algorithms to make investment decisions, the asset manager should have beat the market. For context, the S&P 500 finished 2024 with a total gain of 25.0%. READ ALSO:Billionaire Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside PotentialandBillionaire Mario Gabelli’s 10 Large-Cap Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In August last year, the billionaire founders of the hedge fund exited from active management because they couldn’t resolve tension between them. “Over the past year and a half, we and our senior management team have dedicated significant effort to securing the long-term success and stability of Two Sigma. Throughout this process, our own roles have been a central consideration. Today, we are confident that stepping back from our day-to-day management roles is the right decision at this time,” the co-founders said in a letter to investors. But recent reports indicate that Overdeck is returning to active management. “John has determined now is the right time for him to return to this role in order to progress certain priorities and decisions he believes are important to the future of Two Sigma,” Two Sigma said in a letter. Siegel chose to remain outside of the fund’s top ranks but had “full confidence” in Scott Hoffman, one of the Co-CEOs who took over last year. It is good news that Two Sigma won’t be held back by feuding management because they need it to navigate a challenging market. According to a Reuters analysis, the risk of recession is alarming, even though it may not be as clear-cut. The report quoted Zurich Insurance Group’s chief market strategist, Guy Miller, who said that the risk of a US recession is quite plausible. “Recession risks have risen markedly even if there are some deals struck on tariffs. The risk of a U.S. recession is 50-50, it’s that close.” We sifted through Two Sigma Advisors’ SEC Q4 2024 13F filings to create this list. We primarily targeted the fund’s most valuable equity holdings (excluding ETFs and options) and then ranked the picks based on analyst price targets as of May 8, 2025. We picked stocks with an upside potential of at least 30% and then selected the top 10. We have also added the broader hedge fund sentiment for the stocks, as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A user's hands typing a search query into a Google Search box, emphasizing the company's search capabilities. Two Sigma Advisors Stake Value: $747,015,660 Upside Potential as of May 8: 31.32% Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 234 Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is the parent company of Google, the world’s dominant search engine. The technology conglomerate also owns YouTube, Android operating system, Google Cloud, and a portfolio of other services, including Gmail, Google Maps, and Chrome browser, as well as emerging artificial intelligence (AI) technologies like Gemini. In its Q1 2025 financial results, Alphabet Inc.’s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) consolidated revenues rose by 12% year-over-year to $90.2 billion. The company reported the most substantial growth in Google Cloud, which surged 28% to reach $12.3 billion. Google Services, including Search, YouTube, and subscriptions, grew by 10% to $77.3 billion. And the company’s net income jumped 46% compared to the same period last year. Despite these strong financials, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) faces significant headwinds. On May 7, 2025, the company’s shares fell sharply following testimony by Apple’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) SVP of Services Eddy Cue in the Department of Justice’s antitrust lawsuit remedies hearing against Google’s Search business. The testimony suggested that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is “actively looking at” revamping its Safari web browser to focus on AI-powered search engines. The Financial Times, and investors at large, understood this to mean that Apple might end the longtime partnership with Google, which is estimated to be worth $20 billion annually. Despite this situation, Stifel analysts have maintained their Buy rating and $200.00 price target on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock. They cited the company’s excellent financial health with a “GREAT” overall score and robust revenue growth of approximately 13% over the last twelve months. Overall, GOOGLranks 9thon our list of billionaire quants’ two sigma’s stock picks with huge upside potential. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOGL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?