Title: Google-Parent Alphabet Shares Decline as More People Use AI for Search
Date: 2025-05-08 17:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/google-parent-alphabet-shares-decline-173000517.html?.tsrc=rss

The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains. Google announced Wednesday it will help support Elementl Power with an investment into the power producer’s development of three advanced nuclear sites. Alphabet said it continues to see growth in search volumes despite Apple flagging a threat from artificial intelligence. We came across a bullish thesis on Adobe Inc. (ADBE) on Value Investing Subreddit Page by jackandjillonthehill. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ADBE. Adobe Inc. (ADBE)’s share was trading at $374.98 as of April 30th. ADBE’s trailing and forward P/E were 24.77 and 18.38 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Adobe presents a […] Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does Novo Nordisk (NVO) have what it takes? Let's find out. U.S. stocks rose on Thursday, with major indexes climbing. Tech led the day’s rally, and the Nasdaq closed up slightly over 1%. Katy Perry kissed the sky – and she liked it. Sure, it was a stunt, but Blue Origin’s recent all-female spaceflight wasn’t just for show. It spotlighted a fast-evolving commercial space economy that’s already deeply woven into our daily lives. From satellite-powered TV and GPS to real-time Earth imaging, space tech keeps the world spinning. And this is just liftoff – there’s no telling how far beyond the final frontier the space economy could go. For now, we can measure it in dollar terms. Accor Shares plunged on fears of search disruption. That doesn’t mean the company isn’t prepared for change. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.