Title: The Dow climbed 250 points as Trump announced a U.K. trade deal
Date: 2025-05-08 20:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dow-futures-jump-300-points-122900100.html?.tsrc=rss

U.S. stocks rose on Thursday, with major indexes climbing. Tech led the day’s rally, and the Nasdaq closed up slightly over 1%. The S&P 500 rose 0.58% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average added 254 points, or 0.62%. The surge was brought on by President Trump’sannouncementof a trade deal Thursday with the United Kingdom— his first sinceApril’s sweeping “Liberation Day” tariffs. In other White House news, Trump is also expected toroll backand replace Biden-era AI chip rules. Markets are absorbing Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell’s latestremarks. The central bank announced Wednesday thatit will hold interest rates steady, with Powell taking a wait-and-see stance. While the job market remains healthy and core inflation is easing, tariffs are introducing new economic uncertainty, Powell said. He made it clear the Fed is in no rush to shift course, emphasizing the need for more data — especially on how tariff-driven price pressures play out. Elsewhere, central banks abroad arecutting rates, but they’re not contending with the exact same inflationary wildcards. On Wednesday, Alphabet (GOOGL) shares fell 7% onreportsthat Apple (AAPL) may integrate AI tools such as ChatGPT and Perplexity into Safari,threatening Google’s dominanceas the browser’s default search engine. During federal antitrust testimony, Apple executive Eddy Cue said Safari search volume had declined for the first time — signaling that users are already shifting toward AI alternatives. With Google paying Apple an estimated $20 billion a year for default status, the news rattled investors and sparked fresh concerns about Alphabet’s long-term search moat. Apple shares initially fell 2% on the same news, but both companies gained on Thursday, with Alphabet up 1.9% and Apple up 0.6%, too. AB InBev (BUD) kicked off the earnings day with a solid report. The brewerpostednearly 8% EBITDA growth and stronger margins, even as volumes slipped 2.2% due to tough comps and weather. Mega-brands such as Corona — up 11% outside its home market — led the way, while no-alcohol and direct-to-consumer sales also notched meaningful gains. The company reiterated its 2025 outlook and emphasized ongoing investments in premium products and digital platforms. Shopify (SHOP) reported before the bell today. Energy majors ConocoPhillips (COP) and Cheniere Energy (LNG) also announced earnings today, alongside Canadian Natural Resources (CNQ) and Brookfield (BAM), offering a look at global demand, margins, and infrastructure amid falling oil prices. For the latest news,Facebook,TwitterandInstagram. The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains. 🔎 After-Market Activity: Shares of Lyft (LYFT), DraftKings (DKNG) and Pinterest (PINS) rose after the companies released results postmarket. Shares of Coinbase (COIN), Affirm (AFRM), Rocket Cos. (RKT) and Expedia (EXPE) fell after their reports. Apple has plenty at stake in the landmark U.S. vs Google antitrust trial, starting with $20 billion in profit-rich revenue. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.