Title: Microsoft commits to Google’s interoperability protocol for AI agents
Date: 2025-05-08 15:34
URL: https://www.ciodive.com/news/-Microsoft-AI-agent-standard-Google-a2a-interoperability/747593/?.tsrc=rss

The cloud giant joins more than 50 technology partners that are supporting the Agent2Agent standard, including Salesforce, Oracle and SAP. Microsoft is joining more than50 technology partners and providers, includingSalesforce, Oracle andSAP, insupporting the open standardcreated by Google. “This is just one step on a longer journey,” Microsoft said in the Wednesday blog post. The cloud giant has also teamed up with the A2A working group onGitHub, a Microsoft subsidiary,and plans to contribute to the spec and tooling. Standards that boost interoperability and ease AI adoption have gained traction among technology providers. “We see vendors starting to embrace emerging open standards in hopes of accelerating adoption and scaling of their AI agent tools,”Jason Wong, distinguished VP analyst at Gartner, said in an email to CIO Dive. Agent2Agent andModel Context Protocolare two of the most common standards that vendors are beginning to adopt,he added. Customers can benefit from interoperability, too. “Enterprises are eager for interoperability that A2A and MCP promise because they have heterogeneous environments that will have many agents,”Wongsaid. “But security, performance and agent pricing models are the wild card factors in proving out the technology.” Last year, big tech firms rallied aroundan open-standard AI infrastructure alliancedeveloped to ease data center interconnectivity. Tech providers also banded together last May in hopes of nailing downAI risk thresholds and safety frameworks. More recently, the tech industry backeddata provenance standardsas AI adds urgency to get data practiceson the right track. This kind of unity isn’t omnipresent, however. Tensions have flared among the three largest hyperscalers, AWS, Microsoft and Google.Google accused Microsoft ofstifling market competitionlast year in a complaint filed with the European Commission. “The downside of standards going away or changing is definitely something that IT leaders are wary of,”Wongsaid.