Title: Consumer watchdog halts Biden-era Google Payment supervision, Google spokesperson says
Date: 2025-05-08 18:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/consumer-watchdog-halts-biden-era-183619058.html?.tsrc=rss

(Reuters) -The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has withdrawn its efforts to supervise Alphabet's Google Payment Corp, a spokesperson for Google said on Thursday, marking a reversal of a Biden-era decision to monitor the nonbank financial platform. The watchdog announced in December that it was ordering federal supervision of Alphabet's payment arm, a decision the company immediately said it was challenging in court. Google will now drop its lawsuit since the CFPB has discontinued its supervision efforts, a spokesperson for the company said in an emailed statement. In December, the CFPB had announced the step, saying it had determined services offered by Google Payment had posed a risk to consumers. The supervision of Google Payment would be "an unwarranted use of the Bureau's powers and resources," acting CFPB director Russell Vought, who was appointed by President Donald Trump, said in a May 7 memo, according to Bloomberg News, which first reported the developments. The CFPB did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. Under Biden, the CFPB had been more closely scrutinizing the growing sector of financial services provided by Silicon Valley rather than traditional banks. In the lawsuit filed after the CFPB's December announcement, Google Payment had said the regulator had relied on a small number of unsubstantiated complaints concerning a product it no longer offered. "It didn't make sense for the CFPB to supervise a product that never posed any risks and is no longer available in the U.S.," Google spokesperson José Castañeda said. "We appreciate their common-sense decision to drop this issue." The company had retired the U.S. version of the Google Pay "P2P" product in June 2024 for business reasons, long before the CFPB issued its designation, according to the spokesperson. (Reporting by Arsheeya Bajwa in Bengaluru and Juby Babu in Mexico City; Editing by Alan Barona) (Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump hailed the election of Cardinal Robert Francis Prevost as the pope, the first US national ever to be head of the Catholic Church, and said he looked forward to meeting him.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around? Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation. Learn what determines mortgage rates, from inflation and the Fed to your credit score. Understanding rates allows you to be fully prepared when buying a house.