Title: Is Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) the Best Bargain Stock to Buy in May_
Date: 2025-04-14 23:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-best-231711370.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May.
While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment manager, expects that negotiations can bring some relief to initial tariff proposals. Furthermore, the firm anticipates a sharply slower growth than a US recession. Also, it believes that stimulus in Europe and China can rejuvenate global industrial activity, and the firm recommends styles, sectors, and regions that are most geared to it.
Given that a significant amount of tariff shock has now been priced in, Neuberger Berman is constructive on global equities for the remainder of the year. The firm expects that an ongoing recovery in the global industrial economy might be dampened but not derailed. The underlying momentum in the goods economy is expected to support equities that are most levered to it. Furthermore, the firm prefers value over growth (which is relatively expensive) and small caps over large caps. While an overdose of growth-inhibiting policy can impact the relatively healthy economy and push it into recession, the investment management firm believes that the US hasn’t yet reached that point. As per the firm, performance during the decline demonstrates relative strength in some of the more cyclical economic sectors in the US and around the world. The goods-oriented sectors, regions, and styles continue to outperform amidst the recent sell-off.
READ ALSO:7 Best Stocks to Buy For Long-Termand8 Cheap Jim Cramer Stocks to Invest In.
S&P Global expects inflation to remain closer to 3.0% in 2025 as tariffs raise the prices along the domestic supply chain as well as for the end consumers. For 2026, the firm expects growth to pick up after a slow start. This is because of the abatement of uncertainty associated with the structure of tariffs and the further easing of the policy rate by the Federal Reserve. Also, the growth is expected to be aided partly because of a more favorable growth backdrop in the eurozone, which can help expand US exports.
Neuberger Berman opines that a combination of improving fundamentals and stabilizing risks increased the optimism in the energy sector. As per the firm, increased global industrial activity is expected to continue to buoy oil demand and keep prices aloft. Furthermore, energy seems to be the most undervalued sector in the S&P 500 relative to the current and expected earnings growth. The investment management firm believes that much of the negative news, including regulatory concerns and geopolitical risks, seem to be factored in. This suggests that energy stocks can increase as the sentiment improves.
To list the 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May, we used a screener to shortlist the companies that trade at a forward P/E of less than ~20.0x. Next, we chose the ones that analysts see upside to, as of April 11. We also mentioned hedge fund sentiments around each stock, as of Q4 2024. Finally, the stocks were arranged in the ascending order of their hedge fund sentiments.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Aerial view of a major oil rig in the middle of the sea, pumping crude oil.
Forward P/E as of April 11: ~13.4x
Average Upside Potential: ~22.1%
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 104
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas. Jason Gabelman, an analyst from TD Cowen, remains optimistic about the company’s stock, given its focus on maintaining a reasonable near-term valuation. This, together with the clear pathway to FCF growth, continues to support the analyst’s optimism. Furthermore, Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM)’s strategic efforts in upgrading the portfolio while, at the same time, managing its capital expenditures effectively with the help of technology-driven efficiencies and a healthy project organization cement its financial health. Given the structural cost reductions achieved over the past few years and a commitment to value creation, the company exhibits potential for sustainable growth, says the analyst.
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM)’s expansion into the low-carbon power sector offers strong growth potential. With the global energy markets pivoting towards cleaner sources, its investments in this area can place it well as a leader in the energy transition. Furthermore, the diversification can result in the opening up of new revenue streams, which can attract environmentally-conscious investors and can potentially offset the risks related to the future regulations on fossil fuels. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) remains focused on positioning itself for future growth via strategic initiatives. It is expected to leverage synergies from its Pioneer Natural Resources acquisition.
Overall, XOMranks 9thon our list of best bargain stocks to buy in May. While we acknowledge the potential of XOM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some deeply undervalued AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for a deeply undervalued AI stock that is more promising than XOM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
Companies In The Article Are:JPM,MS,WFC,BK
Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase last week both said they didn’t see indicators that companies were scrambling to do big draw-downs on credit lines to raise cash.  On Monday, Buffalo-based M&T Bank reported the utilization rate among its commercial customers was actually down in the first quarter.  “Really nothing hit our screens that showed any big draws,” said M&T finance chief Daryl Bible.
Here’s to handle a bear market at any point in your investing life.
Best Buy  stock rose Monday on news that Chinese-made consumer electronics would face lower tariffs than other goods imported from the Asian country, which is currently facing new levies of 145% on most goods.  Shares of Best Buy were up more than 5% in morning trading, though shares pared their gains in the afternoon to a 1.5% increase.  The stock has fallen 27% this year over concerns that the retail company’s tech-heavy assortment, largely sourced from China, would make it hard to navigate a higher-tariff environment.
BofA analyst Michael Ryskin lowered the firm’s price target on Mettler-Toledo (MTD) to $1,250 from $1,500 and keeps a Neutral rating on the shares. Sentiment for Life Sciences and Diagnostic Tools and Contract Research Organizations is “particularly negative” heading into earnings given that these companies “sit at the intersection of a number of policy changes from the Trump Administration,” including headwinds from NIH budget cuts and global tariffs, as well as broader macro concerns, especial
Companies have more and more incentive to help employees pay off student loans.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold edged toward the record high set on Monday, as the Trump administration pressed ahead with probes that could broaden the US’s sweeping trade war.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBullion rose to near $3,223 an ounce,
In the closing of the recent trading day, Exxon Mobil (XOM) stood at $103.39, denoting a +0.24% change from the preceding trading day.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...