Title: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): Stuck in a Range but Ready to Break Out if Legal Clouds Clear – Jim Cramer Weighs In
Date: 2025-04-15 19:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-jnj-stuck-range-190144848.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing to earnings reports from major banks. “Rumor, innuendo, intrigue these are the stuff of great novels, of fabulous miniseries, riveting plays, and now they’re the stuff of the stock market.” READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks and 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently. He noted the chaotic nature of the current environment and remarked that “this tape has it all,” and emphasized how unpredictable developments from the White House have added to the turbulence. Cramer noted that information is being released constantly, through press conferences, posts on Truth Social, or casual remarks, and that each has the potential to move vast sums of money across asset classes. “Trillions of dollars in and out of bonds, of currency, of gold, of crypto,” he said, all based on impulsive statements. He pointed out the sheer volume of contradictions in the news cycle and stressed, “Except this isn’t an eight-part blockbuster, it’s our money.” Cramer lamented how even social media activity, like tweets, can trigger massive swings in the markets. He noted that Friday’s market action felt like it was shaped entirely by this dynamic. Cramer questioned whether the market might be in the process of forming what he called a “liberation day bottom,” a moment when selling pressure finally ends because investors feel that all the bad news is out. But he acknowledged the uncertainty of that theory as he said, “Not sure, I’m just not sure.” He added: “Have you ever noticed the weekends don’t provide relaxation anymore because the president’s got advisors? He’s got to put people out. He wants to tweet. He’s got meetings. No relaxation time, no downtime…. Monday’s trading, well, let’s just say that it looks like that it’s earning season so it’s gonna be even harder than usual.” For this article, we compiled a list of 15 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 11. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 98 Discussing drug stocks, Cramer mentioned Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and discussed: “The drug stocks have been having a huge conundrum, right? I mean they have danced to the tune of a new FDA, which falls under the purview of a different kind of guy, RFK Jr. at Health and Human Services. He’s not exactly pharma-friendly. Meanwhile, they’re supposed to be manufacturing all their drugs here or else they’ll be hit with big tariffs. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is a healthcare company engaged in researching, developing, manufacturing, and marketing a broad range of medical products. Overall, JNJ ranks 4th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of JNJ as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than JNJ but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. The chaotic activity in the usually staid Treasury market has opened the door to some potential buying opportunities.  The Treasury market has been responding to mixed messages for weeks, even before President Donald Trump’s tariff announcement.  As Treasury yields rose, the dollar fell—both reversing the typical-safe haven moves those markets make when investors are worried. We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and […] U.S. Treasury yields will fall, according to bond strategists polled by Reuters who say an economic slowdown in the wake of President Donald Trump's erratic and sweeping tariffs on trading partners will eventually compel the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates.  Their optimism on Treasury market performance comes as inflation expectations surge, creating hesitancy among Fed policymakers on rate cuts, and as nearly half of survey respondents said they were concerned about the market's safe-haven status.  A searing sell-off last week driven by hedge funds unwinding large leveraged bets pushed up the benchmark 10-year Treasury yield by more than 70 basis points to a near two-month high of 4.59%. J&J is projecting a $400m hit due to US tariffs in 2025, but reaffirmed its profit outlook while raising its sales forecast. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.