Title: J&J sees tariff impact from exports to China more than global imports: CFO
Date: 2025-04-15 15:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jj-sees-tariff-impact-from-exports-to-china-more-than-global-imports-cfo-155153851.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) reported a beat on first quarter earnings Tuesday, even as concerns linger about how President Trump's tariffs will impact its medical device business, as well as how a probe into pharmaceutical tariffs will impact its business. J&J reported first quarter revenue of $21.9 billion, beating Wall Street estimates by 1.4%. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $2.69, beating Wall Street by 6.7%. Despite the beat, J&J's stock traded down less than 1% Tuesday. The company raised its 2025 sales guidance Tuesday by $700 million, putting the new target at 3.3% to 4.3% growth, or a midpoint of $92 billion. That is despite a decline in sales after the patent expiry of Stelara, the company's blockbuster inflammatory condition treatment, this year. On an earnings call Tuesday, executives said that China, Canada, and Mexico are where the company has the most exposure on tariffs. CFO Joe Wolk estimated about $400 million in tariff impact, saying it would primarily hit the medical devices business. "It would include, to some small degree, some of the steel and aluminum tariffs that impact some of our products. It includes the China tariffs, as well as the China retaliatory tariffs — and that is probably the most substantial out of all the tariffs," Wolk said. He told Yahoo Finance that up to 70% of the tariff impact is from the products exported to China from the U.S. The hit from tariffs is being taken on as cost of goods and will "sit on the balance sheet ... in future periods," Wolk said. Asad Haider, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research head of the healthcare business unit, told Yahoo Finance that the company reduced its research costs and also has a lot more leverage, due to its size, to whether the current tariff confusion. "We don't really know line items...it speaks a little bit to the leverage they have across the P&L to make these types of investments," Haider said. The industry is also bracing for the impact of the investigation into pharmaceutical tariffs, which the Trump administration announced Monday. However, CEO Joaquin Duato said, "It is also important that companies in healthcare partner with the administration to look to mitigate some of the vulnerabilities that exist today in our healthcare supply chain so as to avoid any continuity of supply effect." J&J has also faced some of the same industry pressures as its peers in recent years, including the Inflation Reduction Act's Medicare price negotiations. But it is also pressured by the ongoing talc litigation and recently faced a major setback in the courts, with a judge rejecting a potential $10 billion settlement. J&J has since returned about $7 billion from the intended settlement amount back to the company's coffers and is pursuing a different legal avenue that should play out in the second half of the year, according to analysts. "Although JNJ’s effort to resolve talc litigation through Red River Talc bankruptcy failed, the company will return to the tort system to challenge plaintiffs’ experts via Daubert motions. JNJ expects important Daubert hearings and rulings within 6 months (by the end of Oct 2025)," wrote Leerink Partners analyst David Risinger in a note to clients Tuesday. Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest health industry news and events impacting stock prices Bank of America, the second-largest bank in the U.S. by assets, reported profit of $7.4 billion in the first quarter, up 11% from a year ago.  In the first quarter of 2024, Bank of America posted net income of $6.7 billion, or 76 cents per share, on revenue of $25.8 billion.  Bank of America’s stock rose 1.6% in premarket trading on Tuesday. The airline offered two sets of profit guidance depending on whether the U.S. enters a recession or not as it reported quarterly results that beat Wall Street expectations. Europe’s richest man has seen the value of his luxury empire slump behind arch rival Hermès after the trade war plunged his business into “unknown territory”. The S&P 500 slipped 0.2% on Tuesday, April 15, amid a relative lull in market-moving global trade developments. The move comes amid an ongoing labor dispute post the expiration of the members' contract on April 4 at Electric Boat, a part of the defense contractor's marine systems segment, which assembles nuclear-powered submarines for the U.S. Navy.  The union members are also seeking the restoration of pensions, as they argue that General Dynamics is pushing for increases of 52% to 161% in weekly medical insurance costs.  General Dynamics has received significant contract awards from the Pentagon for building the Navy's Virginia-class submarines, but is years behind schedule because of skilled labor shortages, design issues, and supply chain challenges stemming from the pandemic. Shares of Boeing — which considers China one of its biggest growth markets and where rival Airbus holds a dominant position — were down 0.5% in midday trading.  Confusion over changing tariffs could leave aircraft deliveries in limbo, with some airline CEOs saying they would defer delivery of planes rather than pay duties.  China's top three airlines - Air China, China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines - had planned to take delivery of 45, 53 and 81 Boeing planes respectively between 2025 and 2027. China's growing pile of cryptocurrencies seized from illegal transactions is prompting local governments to find ways to dispose of the hoard and spurring calls from courts and the financial industry for better regulation.  Together with senior judges and police, attorneys are debating changes to rules they said will soon change the way  confiscated virtual currencies are treated.  That could be a game-changer for China's crypto industry, and comes at a time of heightened Sino-U.S. tensions in Donald Trump's second presidency, coinciding with Trump's plans to deregulate cryptocurrencies and build a bitcoin reserve. (Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe US economy is set to lose billions of dollars in revenue in 2025 from a pullback in foreign tourism and boycott (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. sold a combined $14 billion of US investment-grade bonds Tuesday, matching the day-earlier total from peers Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Of The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.