Title: Needham upgrades Boston Scientific on easing competition, growth opportunities
Date: 2025-04-16 15:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/needham-upgrades-boston-scientific-easing-152436271.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Investing.com -- Needham upgraded Boston Scientific Corp (NYSE:BSX) to “Buy”, saying competition from pulsed field ablation (PFA) rivals looks less intense for its key product than it was earlier feared, and citing near- and long-term upside drivers in the company’s pipeline and recent acquisitions.
The firm pointed to a recent survey of heart specialists, which showed that Boston Scientific’s FARAPULSE system remains the preferred option for a common heart procedure called ablation.While rivals like  Medtronic  (NYSE:MDT) and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) have introduced competing systems, doctors surveyed expressed concerns over safety and availability. Boston Scientific’s market share in this area is expected to rise over the next year, Needham said.
The firm also sees renewed momentum for the company’s WATCHMAN heart implant, which is used to prevent strokes. Doctors increasingly favour using WATCHMAN during other procedures, which could boost near-term sales. Longer term, Needham expects a major clinical trial called CHAMPION-AF to potentially expand the device’s use among more patients, with results due in the first half of 2026.
Recent acquisitions are also seen as adding to Boston Scientific’s growth story. Bolt Medical’s new device for treating artery disease recently gained U.S. approval, while SoniVie is developing a treatment for high blood pressure. Both target large markets, Needham said.
While Boston Scientific shares trade at a premium to industry peers, the firm believes the stock is now more reasonably priced after a recent pullback and offers attractive long-term potential.
Related articles
Needham upgrades Boston Scientific on easing competition, growth opportunities
Parkland CEO Bob Espey to step down amid pressure from Simpson Oil
MS bullish on defence stock on $1 trillion budget outlook, picks Northrop top pick
The French textile recycler teamed with Italy's Rematrix to secure a sustainable supply of end-of-life textiles for Reju’s Regeneration Hub.
We came across a bullish thesis on Napco Security Technologies, Inc. (NSSC) on Substack by Value Chaser. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on NSSC. Napco Security Technologies, Inc. (NSSC)’s share was trading at $21.64 as of April 15th. NSSC’s trailing and forward P/E were 16.52 and 24.69 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. NAPCO […]
Ryan Breslow is officially back. While the founder of one-click checkout company Bolt re-assumed its helm as CEO in March, Breslow is unveiling Wednesday a new “superapp” that he hopes will formally mark his return as the fintech’s leader. He describes the new product as “one-click crypto and everyday payments” in a single platform, in an exclusive interview with TechCrunch. The controversial entrepreneur famously stepped down in January 2022 from the San Francisco-based company he started in 20
We came across a bullish thesis on Precision Drilling Corporation (PDS) on Substack by Nugget Capital Partners. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on PDS. Precision Drilling Corporation (PDS)’s share was trading at $42.09 as of April 15th. PDS’s trailing and forward P/E were 7.48 and 9.04 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Precision Drilling […]
US benchmark equity indexes were little changed intraday as companies continued to report financial
JP Morgan analyst Bill Peterson downgraded United States Steel Corporation (NYSE:X) from Overweight to Neutral and cut the price forecast from $43 to $38. The analyst cited the pending NSC deal, which seems to be ‘in the hands of the Trump administration’ as the reason. In recent news, Nippon Steel and United States Steel are reportedly negotiating with the Trump administration to revive their $14 billion merger by significantly boosting investments in U.S. Steel’s Rust Belt facilities. Also Rea
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially […]
Stocks closed lower Tuesday, snapping a two-day rally as investor jitters returned to the fore.
J&J faces several headwinds at the start of the year, including patent expiry, talc litigation, and, now, tariffs.
The Zacks Style Scores offers investors a way to easily find top-rated stocks based on their investing style. Here's why you should take advantage.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.