Title: Why Are Meta (META) Shares Soaring Today
Date: 2025-05-02 20:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-meta-meta-shares-soaring-203246397.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Shares of social network operator Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) jumped 5.3% in the afternoon session after the major indices rebounded, with stocks recouping some more of the post-tariff losses as the Bureau of Labor Statistics data revealed a resilient labor market. Non-farm payrolls rose by 177,000 in April 2025, significantly above the consensus forecast of 133,000.
Notably, a stable labor market often supports consumer spending, which is a key driver of economic growth, which means the report could help ease some of the recession fears that gripped markets. In more good news for markets, reports revealed that China may restart trade talks with the U.S. This shift could cool tensions, providing more clarity in an increasingly uncertain global market.
The shares closed the day at $597.40, up 4.4% from previous close.
Is now the time to buy Meta? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Meta’s shares are not very volatile and have only had 7 moves greater than 5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful, although it might not be something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business.
The biggest move we wrote about over the last year was 9 months ago when the stock gained 9.9% on the news that the company reported strong second quarter 2024 earnings results. Meta slightly beat analysts' revenue guidance expectations for the next quarter. In addition, the quarter's revenue and EPS narrowly outperformed Wall Street's estimates. Looking ahead, the company planned to continue investing in Reality Labs as its Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses saw strong traction. Overall, this quarter seemed fairly positive, and shareholders should feel optimistic.
Meta is down 0.4% since the beginning of the year, and at $596.73 per share, it is trading 19% below its 52-week high of $736.67 from February 2025. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Meta’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $2,907.
Unless you’ve been living under a rock, it should be obvious by now that generative AI is going to have a huge impact on how large corporations do business. While Nvidia and AMD are trading close to all-time highs, we prefer a lesser-known (but still profitable) semiconductor stock benefiting from the rise of AI. Click here to access our free report on our favorite semiconductor growth story.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized […]
LONDON (Reuters) -Private equity firm Apax Partners has emerged as the frontrunner to buy Finastra's treasury and capital markets (TCM) business for around $2 billion including debt, people familiar with the matter said on Friday.  London-based Apax has been competing in an auction that the financial technology company's majority owner, fellow buyout firm Vista Equity Partners, has held for the unit in recent months, the sources said.  Final bids were submitted in recent days and Apax is now considered the favorite to buy the unit, said the sources, who noted an agreement could be reached in the coming days, once negotiations and the financing are settled.
The labor market steadily added jobs despite tariff announcements that many economists expect will give way to a slowdown later this year.
Lyft CEO David Risher is driving for his app and trying to keep the company from slipping into what he calls “enshittification.”
Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Meta Platforms, Inc. (META), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) and Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (ICE).
Shares of Apple and Amazon decline as earnings from the tech giants disappoint, Block sinks after cutting guidance, and Take-Two Interactive Software delays the release of ‘Grand Theft Auto VI.’
The Fed is yet to release the new ratings for U.S. banks with over $100 billion or more in assets and intends to wait until the Senate confirms Michelle Bowman as the new top banking cop, the report added, citing people familiar with the matter.  The Federal Reserve declined to comment on the matter, when contacted by Reuters.  Bowman was nominated by President Donald Trump for the vice chair for supervision role, the Fed's top regulatory post.
Apple (AAPL) is scheduled to report results of the second fiscal quarter of FY25 after the market close on Thursday, May 1, with a conference call scheduled for 5:00 pm ET. What to watch for: EXPECTATIONS: Last quarter, Apple beat consensus sales and earnings expectations, reporting EPS of $2.40 on Q1 revenue of $124.30B in what Apple CEO Tim Cook called the company’s “best quarter ever.” Cook added: “We were thrilled to bring customers our best-ever lineup of products and services during the ho
Palantir is scheduled to report quarterly results after the closing bell Monday, with analysts largely taking a wait-and-see approach on the artificial intelligence software firm.
The company hosts its annual shareholder meeting this weekend highlighted by a Q&A with CEO Warren Buffett on Saturday.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio