Title: Tarrifs in focus as Apple follows up ‘best quarter ever’
Date: 2025-05-02 18:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tarrifs-focus-apple-follows-best-180129947.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) is scheduled to report results of the second fiscal quarter of FY25 after the market close on Thursday, May 1, with a conference call scheduled for 5:00 pm ET. What to watch for:
Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals in  TipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter.
Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,  delivered straight to your inbox.
EXPECTATIONS: Last quarter, Apple beat consensus sales and earnings expectations, reporting EPS of $2.40 on Q1 revenue of $124.30B in what Apple CEO Tim Cook called the company’s “best quarter ever.”
Cook added: “We were thrilled to bring customers our best-ever lineup of products and services during the holiday season. Through the power of Apple silicon, we’re unlocking new possibilities for our users with Apple Intelligence, which makes apps and experiences even better and more personal. And we’re excited that Apple Intelligence will be available in even more languages this April.”
Current consensus EPS and revenue forecasts for Apple’s March-end quarter stand at $1.62 and $94.56B, respectively, according to data from LSEG Data and Analytics.
Consensus EPS and revenue forecasts for Apple’s June-end quarter stand at $1.47 and $89.3B, respectively, according to LSEG Data.
Among analysts tracked by Bloomberg that have updated their views on Apple within the last twelve months, 36 have Buy or equivalent ratings, 21 have Hold or equivalent ratings and three have Sell or equivalent ratings. The average twelve month price target of 41 of those analysts is $230.19.
TWO BEARS GET LESS BEARISH: On April 9, Jefferies upgraded Apple to Hold from Underperform with a price target of $167.88, down from $202.33. The firm reduced iPhone shipment estimates by up to 7% through fiscal 2027 due to global recession risks, and cut its artificial intelligence revenue forecasts in fiscal 2028 and beyond given a bearish view on smartphone AI. Jefferies still assumes Apple will be exempted from U.S. tariffs and upgraded the shares to Hold given the recent selloff. However, Apple shears are “still not cheap,” the analyst told investors at that time. Jefferies’ base case remains that Apple would be exempted from U.S. tariffs, given its commitment to invest $500B in the U.S. over the next four years, and its belief that it would make additional manufacturing investment commitment in the U.S. However, a rising risk of global recession “could further impact already-weak iPhone demand,” the firm added.
On April 14, KeyBanc upgraded Apple to Sector Weight from Underweight without a price target. The White House announcement of an exception from some tariffs on smartphones was “probably the best case scenario” for Apple, which makes it unlikely KeyBanc’s prior downside call will be achieved, the analyst told investors at that time. The move “takes a big risk off the table” for the company, contends KeyBanc. The firm does not think Apple is fully “out of the woods, however, saying growth expectations remain high looking to fiscal 2026 and there is likely still consumer spending pullback occurring. Nonetheless, KeyBanc believes the worst case scenario of continuing “tit-for-tat” trade war escalation is likely no longer in play, making it difficult to argue for further downside in Apple shares.
Earlier this week, Raymond James lowered the firm’s price target on Apple to $230 from $250 and kept an Outperform rating on the shares. The firm cites tariff related headwinds for the target cut. Apple has enough manufacturing capacity outside China to address about half of U.S. iPhone demand, the analyst tells investors in a research note. The firm expects the company’s procurement from non-China regions to continue to increase. Whether imports from India and other regions will be tariff-free beyond the 90-day pause is unclear, however, adds Raymond James. The firm’s base base is for Apple to raise prices in the U.S., which will likely lead to some demand destruction. The net effect could still result in lower earnings, it predicts.
Meanwhile, Morgan Stanley raised the firm’s price target on Apple to $235 from $220 and kept an Overweight rating on the shares. The firm expects March quarter results and June quarter guidance to “modestly” exceed consensus, though it sees some downside to June quarter gross margins given the tariff backdrop, the analyst tells investors in a preview. The firm forecasts March quarter revenue of $95.7B and EPS of $1.64, both of which are slightly ahead of consensus, on strong Product pull-forward, a weaker U.S. dollar and 12% Services growth, Morgan Stanley added.
NOT JUST ANALYSTS UPGRADING: On April 8, Meghan Bobrowsky of The Wall Street Journal reported that while it was too early to determine if tariffs will result in an increase in the pricing of Apple’s iPhone, many customers aren’t waiting to find out and were rushing to purchase new phones. Over the weekend near when the report was published, sales associated at two Apple stores in San Francisco said customers mentioned tariffs as their reason for purchasing a new iPhone, the Journal noted.
SIRI DELAY: On March 10, shares of Apple declined after the company delayed promised updates to its Siri digital assistant, saying the features first announcement last June would be released sometime in “the coming year. ”
Subsequent to that news, Citi analyst Atif Malik removed the firm’s “90-day positive catalyst watch” on Apple shares while keeping a Buy rating on the name with a $275 price target. The firm cited a delay in the “much-anticipated” Siri upgrade as part of the iOS 18.4 update in April for the removal. Citi lowered its 2025 and 2026 iPhone units estimate to 232M and 244M, respectively, to reflect a delay in the Siri upgrade. While Apple Intelligence utility is different for different people, an upgraded Siri would have driven a higher iPhone refresh this year, the firm contended. However, the firm still thinks Apple is making progress in rolling out Apple Intelligence in China.
On March 31, Apple said that Apple Intelligence was expanding to “even more people around the world.” The company stated: “Starting Monday, with the availability of iOS 18.4, iPadOS 18.4, and macOS Sequoia 15.4, Apple Intelligence features are now available in many new languages, including French, German, Italian, Brazilian Portuguese, Spanish, Japanese, Korean, and simplified Chinese – as well as localized English for Singapore and India – and are accessible in nearly all regions around the world. In addition, iPhone and iPad users in the EU have access to Apple Intelligence features for the first time, and Apple Intelligence expands to a new platform with an initial set of features available in U.S. English with Apple Vision Pro.”
After that, Citi noted that Apple released iOS 18.4 on March 31, which expanded Apple Intelligence into several new languages, including simplified Chinese, and to the European Union. As expected, the feature updates in iOS 18.4 do not include Siri due to the previously announced delay, the analyst told investors. Citi thinks Apple will likely reset Siri software expectations on the next earnings call before heading into WWDC on June 9. The shares are getting closer to Citi’s “bear case” following the Siri delay, creating an attractive risk/reward post selloff, contended the firm at that time.
More recently, Citi lowered the firm’s price target on Apple to $245 from $275 and kept a Buy rating on the shares. The firm expected Apple shares to rally on the Trump administration tariff exemptions for PCs and smartphones announced just prior to when the note was published. That said, Apple products are not immune from a weak macro environment, the firm added. As such, it lowered its iPhone, Mac, and wearable units to better align with Citi’s 70 point global GDP contraction view in 2025.
SENTIMENT: Check out recent Media Buzz Sentiment on Apple as measured by TipRanks.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >>
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Dow Jones Index Today: Microsoft Leads a Stock Market Rally Thanks to Q1 Earnings Beats
‘Get Out Ahead of Earnings,’ Says Barclays About Apple Stock
‘This Court Ruling Could Cost It Billions,’ Says BofA about Apple (AAPL)
Apple ordered to pay Optis $502M in UK patent dispute, Reuters says
Apple Stock (AAPL) Flattened after Ordered to Pay $500M in Historic 4G Patent Dispute
Fresh AI investment commitments from Meta Platforms and Microsoft signal that NVIDIA's chips will remain in high demand as hyperscalers scale their AI platforms.
Dragonfly Managing Partner Haseeb Qureshi has suggested that ETH may be on the verge of mounting a resurgence. The Ethereum Foundation has undergone a structural change and outlined specific goals for the next 12 months. Ethereum has posted modest ...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Earn 5% cash back on valuable Discover cash-back rotating categories like grocery stores, Target, gas stations, and Amazon.com.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Short-term loans are great for emergencies and seasonal changes but aren’t cheap.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio