Title: Meta’s (META) Reality Labs Continue to Bleed Billions
Date: 2025-05-02 15:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-meta-reality-labs-continue-153926957.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta’s (META) ambitious push into the metaverse is proving to be an expensive journey. In its latest quarter results, Meta’s Reality Labs division posted another steep loss, highlighting ongoing challenges. Despite CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s long-term vision and multibillion-dollar investments, both revenues and investor patience appear to be wearing thin.
Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals in  TipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter.
Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,  delivered straight to your inbox.
Overall, Meta reported strong Q1 FY2025 results. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $6.43, significantly beating Wall Street’s estimate of $5.24. META stock gained nearly 6% as of writing.
For context, Meta’s Reality Labs is the company’s division focused on AR and VR, powering products like the Quest headset and its broader metaverse vision.
According to Main Street Data, Meta’s Reality Labs reported an operating loss of $4.21 billion in Q1 2025. This represents a 9% year-over-year increase in losses, though it’s an improvement from the $4.97 billion loss in Q4 2024. Analysts had anticipated an operating loss of $4.6 billion.
Meanwhile, revenue from the division fell 6.4% year-over-year to $412 million, down sharply from $1.08 billion in the previous quarter. This also missed analysts’ expectations, which had forecast revenue of $492.7 million. The sharp decline in revenue, sequentially and compared to estimates, raises red flags about the unit’s ability to generate consistent demand.
The latest results show Meta’s metaverse bets are still far from paying off. With falling revenue and big losses, it’s getting harder to defend the heavy spending. If this trend keeps up, investors may push to scale back or reevaluate the division’s strategy.
Interestingly, Wall Street has long questioned Meta’s heavy investment in the metaverse. In response, Zuckerberg admits it could take years to become a profitable business. Now, the company also faces new headwinds from sweeping tariffs introduced by President Donald Trump, which could raise production costs and lead to more expensive devices.
Overall, META stock has a consensus Strong Buy rating among 38 analysts on TipRanks. That rating is based on 36 Buys, one Hold, and one Sell assigned in the last three months. The average META price target of $685.35 implies a 18.3% upside from current levels.
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized […]
JPMorgan Chase is the IBD Stock of the Day as the stock approaches a buy point and banking stocks in general extend rebounds.  JPMorgan stock is on pace to climb three of the past four weeks, and it has wiped out big losses that started April 3 with the announcement of sweeping import tariffs.  With assets of $3.9 trillion, JPMorgan is the nation's largest bank.
Boston Scientific, Meta Platforms and Microsoft have been highlighted in this Investment Ideas article.
Truist analyst Jordan Levy lowered the firm’s price target on Generac (GNRC) to $175 from $200 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. Against the rapidly evolving tariff backdrop, Generac took more of a “wait and see” approach to its FY25 outlook, taking down the low-end of its guidance range to account for tariff-related margin impacts alongside demand hits resulting from incremental price increases, the firm says. While a more conservative outlook on HSB sales causes Truist to reduce its estima
Although the revenue and EPS for Meta Platforms (META) give a sense of how its business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it might be worth considering how some key metrics compare with Wall Street estimates and the year-ago numbers.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio