Title: Meta Stock Extends Rally into Second Day After Q1 Earnings Surprise
Date: 2025-05-02 16:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-stock-extends-rally-second-163010092.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta (M?ETA) shares climbed about 4% on Friday, extending Thursday's rally after the company delivered a stronger?than?anticipated Q1 performance and offered Q2 guidance in line with forecasts.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Sign with META.
First?quarter revenue reached $42.31 billion, topping the $41.40 billion consensus. Adjusted EPS of $6.43 beat the $5.28 estimate.
Sales rose 16% year?on?year, while net income surged 35% to $16.64 billion. Advertising revenue came in at $41.39 billion, outpacing expectations, even as Reality Labs narrowed its loss to $4.2 billion on $412 million in sales.
CFO Susan Li sees Q2 revenue between $42.5 billion and $45.5 billion, though she warned that Asia?based e?commerce advertisers may pull back as a U.S. customs?duty loophole winds down.
Meta trimmed its 2025 expense outlook slightly to $113 billion$118 billion, but boosted capital?spending plans to $64 billion$72 billion to support AI?driven data?centre builds and rising infrastructure costs.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg said the firm remains well positioned amid economic headwinds, with long?term bets on AI and virtual platforms intact. Meta AI now counts nearly 1 billion monthly users, and Threads has grown to 350 million monthly users.
Daily active users hit 3.43 billion, above the 3.39 billion forecast. Meta cautioned that a recent European Commission ruling on its ad?free subscription could dent user experience and revenue in Europe as early as Q3.
Based on the one year price targets offered by 61 analysts, the average target price for Meta Platforms Inc is $705.66 with a high estimate of $935.00 and a low estimate of $448.00. The average target implies an upside of +19.37% from the current price of $591.14.
Based on GuruFocus estimates, the estimated GF Value for Meta Platforms Inc in one year is $523.95, suggesting a downside of -11.37% from the current price of $591.14.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized […]
Hertz jumped after billionaire Bill Ackman revealed a stake in the company.  Ackman believes Hertz is undervalued and could benefit from tariffs due to its fleet of used cars.  As a travel stock, Hertz is at risk of a recession.
The stock market rallied for the week, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq clearing key levels, led by Microsoft and Meta as well as Trump tariff hopes.
Amazon (AMZN) is scheduled to report results for its first quarter of 2025 after the market close on Thursday, May 1, with a conference call scheduled for 5:00 pm ET. Here’s what to watch for: EXPECTATIONS: During the company’s last earnings call, Amazon said it saw Q1 revenue $151.0B-$155.5B, and Q1 net sales between $151.0B and $155.5B, or to grow between 5% and 9% compared with the first quarter 2024. “This guidance anticipates an unusually large, unfavorable impact of approximately $2.1B, or
Meta’s (META) ambitious push into the metaverse is proving to be an expensive journey. In its latest quarter results, Meta’s Reality Labs division posted another steep loss, highlighting ongoing challenges. Despite CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s long-term vision and multibillion-dollar investments, both revenues and investor patience appear to be wearing thin. Overall, Meta reported strong Q1 FY2025 results. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $6.43, significantly beating Wall Street’s estimate of $5.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio