Title: Taiwan Semiconductor Gains On Strong Earnings From Meta And Microsoft Boosting AI Demand
Date: 2025-05-02 14:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/taiwan-semiconductor-gains-strong-earnings-145046282.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (NYSE:TSM) stock is trading higher Friday in sympathy with customers Meta Platforms, Inc (NASDAQ:META) and Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ:MSFT) this week’s quarterly financial results.
Meta reported its first-quarter financial results after the market closed on Wednesday. Its revenue was $42.31 billion, up 16%, beating analyst estimates of $41.39 billion.
Also Read: Taiwan Semiconductor Breaks Ground On Third Arizona Plant Without US Subsidies Amid Trump Tariff Threat
The company reported first-quarter earnings of $6.43 per share, topping analyst estimates of $5.21 per share. Meta expects second-quarter revenue of $42.5 billion to $45.5 billion versus estimates of $44.06 billion.
Microsoft also reported third-quarter financial results after the market closed Wednesday. It reported a third-quarter revenue of $70.07 billion, up 13%. The revenue total beat a Street consensus estimate of $68.43 billion. The company reported quarterly earnings per share of $3.46, beating a Street consensus estimate of $3.22.
The upbeat results of the Big Tech giants reflect that they remain committed to their artificial intelligence ambitions despite U.S. semiconductor sanctions and tariff policies.
Dealers told Focus Taiwan strong earnings from two major U.S. tech giants reduced concerns about AI demand despite tariff disruptions.
Cathay Futures Consultant Tsai Ming-han told Focus Taiwan that bargain hunters capitalized on recent heavy losses caused by Trump’s unpredictable tariff policies. Taiwan Semiconductor attracted strong buying, backed by the artificial intelligence frenzy, which significantly boosted the Taiex, the weighted index on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE).
Morgan Stanley returned to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing as a top pick, citing strong AI-driven capital spending from Big Tech firms, including Meta and Microsoft.
Price Action: TSM stock traded higher by 3.51% to $178.79 at the last check on Friday.
Samsung Galaxy Sales Soar But Foundry Segment Lags As Trump Tariffs Loom
Photo by Jack Hong via Shutterstock
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK. Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
TAIWAN SEMICONDUCTOR (TSM): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article Taiwan Semiconductor Gains On Strong Earnings From Meta And Microsoft Boosting AI Demand originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
AMAT and AVGO finished May higher in nine of the last 10 years
Wall Street extended its gains to a ninth straight day Friday, marking the stock market’s longest winning streak since 2004 and reclaiming the ground it lost since President Donald Trump escalated his trade war in early April.  Apple, however, fell 3.7% after the iPhone maker estimated that tariffs will cost it $900 million.  Many of the more severe tariffs that were supposed to go into effect in April were delayed by three months, with the notable exception of tariffs against China.
We recently published a list of 10 Overlooked Tech Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) stands against other overlooked tech stocks to buy now. After overcoming major macroeconomic challenges, the IT sector has started 2025 with fresh vigor. The tech […]
The agreements are with Sunraycer's Midpoint project in Hill County and the Gaia project in Navarro County.
fuboTV (FUBO) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 50% and 0.42%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio