Title: Top Research Reports for Meta Platforms, JPMorgan Chase & Intercontinental Exchange
Date: 2025-05-02 21:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-research-reports-meta-platforms-210200173.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Friday, May 2, 2025The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Meta Platforms, Inc. (META), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) and Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. (ICE). These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You can see all of today’s research reports here >>>Ahead of Wall StreetThe daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens and attempts to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.You can read today's AWS here >>> BLS Jobs +177K, Better than Expected; Unemployment +4.2%Today's Featured Research ReportsMeta Platforms’ shares have outperformed the Zacks Internet - Software industry over the past year (+31.3% vs. +21.9%). The company is benefiting from steady user growth across all regions, particularly Asia Pacific. Increased engagement for its offerings like Instagram, WhatsApp, Messenger and Facebook has been a major growth driver. META has been leveraging AI to improve the potency of its platform offerings. These services currently reach more than 3.43 billion people daily. Meta Platforms’ growing footprint among young adults, driven by improving recommendations, boosts its competitive prowess. AI usage is making it a popular name among advertisers. This is expected to drive top-line growth. Meta Platforms now expects to invest significantly over the next few years in developing more advanced models and the largest AI services in the world. However, monetization of these AI services will take considerable time, which is a concern.(You can read the full research report on Meta Platforms here >>>)Shares of JPMorgan Chase have outperformed the Zacks Financial - Investment Bank industry over the past year (+34.9% vs. +23.5%). The company’s first-quarter 2025 results reflected solid capital markets performance and loan demand. Business expansion efforts, decent loan demand and higher rates support net interest income (NII). We expect NII (managed) to show a CAGR of 3% by 2027. While a solid resurgence in deal-making activities is likely to take time, a solid pipeline will drive the Investment Banking (IB) business. We expect IB fees to witness a CAGR of 2.1% by 2027. Yet the volatile nature of the capital markets business and high mortgage rates will hurt fee income growth. The Zacks analyst estimate for the metric shows a 6.2% fall in 2025. As it invests in technology and marketing, expenses are expected to remain high. Our estimates for non-interest expenses imply a CAGR of 2.9% by 2027. Weak asset quality is a concern.(You can read the full research report on JPMorgan Chase here >>>)Intercontinental Exchange’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Securities and Exchanges industry over the year-to-date period (+16.3% vs. +13.6%). The company’s top line benefits from its compelling product and service portfolio, the broad range of risk management services and strength in global data services. Continued strength in its energy franchise and improving recurring market data revenues are likely to keep growth on track. Strategic buyouts help it achieve cost synergies that are in sync with its aim of generating long-term value for shareholders. It is well-poised for growth due to accelerated digitization in the U.S. residential mortgage industry. Intercontinental Exchange also engages in the effective deployment of capital. However, expenses are likely to remain high in the near term. Foreign currency fluctuations and stricter regulations raise concerns. High interest expenses and high leverage pose risk.(You can read the full research report on Intercontinental Exchange here >>>)Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), GoPro, Inc. (GPRO) and HCA Healthcare, Inc. (HCA).Mark VickerySenior EditorNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>>
Expanding AI Usage Drives Meta Platforms' (META) Prospects
Buyouts, Rates & Loans Aid JPMorgan (JPM), Fee Income Ails
Intercontinental (ICE) Banks on Acquisitions Amid High Costs
Adoption of Cloud & Office 365 Strength Aid Microsoft (MSFT)Per the Zacks analyst, Microsoft gains from enterprise strength, robust Office 365 & Azure adoption. Further, solid adoption of Azure AI and Copilot capabilities remains a tailwind.
GoPro (GPRO) Gains from Strength in Subscription RevenuesPer the Zacks analyst, GoPro is gaining from the strength in subscription revenues, backed by improving retention rates. However, macroeconomic and forex woes remain a concern.
Rising Admissions Aid HCA Healthcare (HCA) Amid High CostPer the Zacks analyst, HCA Healthcare's increasing admissions will boost patient volumes and bottomline. However, rising expenses can hinder its margin growth.
Focus on Renewable Energy Aid Constellation Energy (CEG)Per the Zacks analyst, Constellation Energy gains from expansion of renewable portfolio. Its position as an industry leader in the safe operation of nuclear plants helps it increase its nuclear output
Norfolk Southern (NSC) Strong on Dividends Amid Freight WoesThe Zacks analyst is concerned about the challenging freight environment. Efforts to reward shareholders, however, bode well for the company.
Keurig Dr Pepper (KDP) Gains From Refreshment Beverage Unit Per the Zacks analyst, Keurig Dr Pepper is experiencing strength in its Refreshing Beverages segment. The segment's sales grew 11% year over year in the first quarter of 2025.
lululemon's (LULU) International Business Well Poised for GrowthPer the Zacks analyst. lululemon witnesses strong business momentum in international markets, including Mainland China and the Rest of the World, as the brand connects well with customers globally.
Growth Projects, Kirkland Buyout Aid Agnico Eagle (AEM)Per the Zacks analyst, the company will benefit from investment in growth projects to expand output. The Kirkland Gold acquisition has also provided an extensive pipeline of exploration projects.n
Expand Energy (EXE) to Gain from Strong Production GrowthThe Zacks analyst believes that strong production growth driven by rising natural gas demand and a positive 2025 outlook can boost Expand Energy's earning potential.
Increasing Defense Orders Drive Spirit AeroSystems (SPR)Per the Zacks analyst, Spirit AeroSystems is likely to benefit from increasing defense orders and higher activity in the Sikorsky CH-53K program.
Weak Demand and Rising Costs Hurt DENTSPLY SIRONA (XRAY)Per the Zacks analyst, the weakened global demand and increased raw material, supply chain and service costs coupled with higher cost of capital is adversely affecting DENTSPLY SIRONA's top- and botto
Lower Volumes & High Costs Hurt UFP Industries (UFPI)Per the Zacks analyst, UFP Industries is hurting from lower volumes, reduction in selling prices and a less favorable product mix. Also, higher material costs are added concerns.
Dismal Comps Trend & High Expenses Hurt Starbucks (SBUX)Per the Zacks analyst, Starbucks is hurting from an uncertain macro scenario, highlighting tepid comps trend and high costs and expenses due to a hike in in-house investment trends.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
GoPro, Inc. (GPRO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
HCA Healthcare, Inc. (HCA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ServiceNow, Inc. (NYSE:NOW) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the growing amount […]
Facebook parent  Meta Platforms  and  Microsoft  on Wednesday posted better-than-expected results that reassured investors and boosted markets.  Meta said growth would remain steady, assuaging concerns that tariffs would hurt the social-media company’s digital-ads business.  Microsoft indicated that big corporate clients aren’t slashing their technology budgets just yet.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Earn 5% cash back on valuable Discover cash-back rotating categories like grocery stores, Target, gas stations, and Amazon.com.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio