Title: Bond Rebound Relieves Markets Dazed by Week of Trade Turmoil
Date: 2025-04-15 04:43:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bond-market-rebound-relieves-markets-200910752.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Wall Street on Monday finally caught a respite from the deep selloffs and unusually sharp swings that have raced through markets ever since President Donald Trump unleashed his global trade war. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing That was most evident in the Treasuries market. US government bonds rebounded from a five-day selloff that last week sent 10-year yields surging by the most in over two decades and fanned fears that an accelerating exodus from the securities would push the financial system toward a crisis. The relief — however fleeting it may turn out to be — was echoed in the equity market, where major indexes saw modest gains after Trump extended a temporary tariff exemption to imports of smartphones and other electronics and did nothing new to accelerate his conflict with China. “No news is good news in this environment,” said Adam Phillips, managing director of investments at EP Wealth Advisors. “We’re not saying the bottoms are in — we’re hopeful they are — but things can flare up at any time. One press conference or post on X could spark new headwinds,” he said. “We’re not in the clear yet.” The bond market’s recovery pulled down the benchmark 10-year Treasury rate by about 12 basis points on Monday as bonds advanced across the curve. The move extended on Tuesday in Asia, with the 10-year yield falling three basis points to 4.35%. Yields on Australia and New Zealand sovereign notes also dropped. The rebound in bonds eased concerns that built last week, when a steady rise in yields threatened to deal the US economy another hit by pushing up the cost of all kinds of loans. There was speculation it may worsen as Trump undermines confidence in US policy, with some speculating the Federal Reserve would potentially need to step in. But yields had risen so much — and so quickly — that by Monday some on Wall Street were seeing it as a chance to buy, especially since bonds will likely gain if the economy stalls and the Fed resumes cutting interest rates. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent moved to tamp down concerns about the market in an interview with Bloomberg Television, saying he has tools to steady it, such as buybacks, if needed. He also said there’s no evidence that overseas governments are selling their stockpiles of Treasuries. JPMorgan Asset Management’s Bob Michele, the global head of fixed income, said in an interview on Bloomberg Television that Treasuries may have hit bottom. Barclays Plc said five-year notes were attractive given the “downside risks.” “You do appreciate some of the stability in the market,” said Vishal Khanduja, head of broader fixed-income markets at Morgan Stanley Investment Management. “These yield levels are compelling for a country that is going into a slower growth environment at best.” There remains little doubt that Trump’s shifting tariff policies are poised to exert a major drag on the economy by keeping businesses in wait-and-see mode and damping consumer confidence. Wall Street traders dazed by the rapid-fire reversals in the days since Trump’s tariff announcements said they have no confidence the volatility is over with. The VIX Index — known as Wall Street’s fear gauge — remains higher than it was on April 2, even though it has pulled back from recent peaks. A similar gauge for the Treasury market points to continued volatility. The 10-day realized volatility on the S&P 500 remains at the highest since the early days of the pandemic. By recent standards, though, the swings on Monday were far less jarring than last week, when the S&P 500 swung more than 10% in a single session. The S&P 500 ended the day up 0.8% after paring its gains late in the trading day. “What we’ve experienced over the last couple of weeks is it feels like the administration is trying to get its footing on its international trade policy in real time,” said Keith Buchanan, senior portfolio manager at Globalt Investments. “We’re all trying to figure out what the heck is going on.” --With assistance from Michael Mackenzie, Isabelle Lee and Tian Chen. (Adds 7th paragraph to include the latest bond yields on Tuesday.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. (Reuters) -U.S. consumer spending has benefited from strong wage growth and low unemployment so far, but it faces huge risks if the upheaval sparked by President Donald Trump's trade policy persists, bank executives warned.  While the steep tariffs on the trading partners of the U.S.  have raised fears of price hikes, a low unemployment rate of 4.2% and a 3.8% annual wage growth in March are offering some relief.  "The consumer continues to be resilient and discerning in their spend," Citigroup Chief Financial Officer Mark Mason told analysts. Palantir shares jumped nearly 5% Monday to extend last week’s recovery following news that NATO had acquired the analytics software provider’s AI-enabled military system. Monitor these key levels on the weekly chart. Global sales of electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles rose 29% year-on-year in March, helped by growth in China and Europe, while EV growth in North America was hampered by U.S. President Donald Trump's stance towards emissions standards and uncertainties around tariffs, data showed on Tuesday.  U.S. tariffs on car imports may force some of the country's automakers which produce in neighbouring Mexico to readjust prices, or move their production, Rho Motion data manager Charles Lester said.  Chinese counter-tariffs, meanwhile, could affect Tesla's U.S.-made models, leading to an almost doubling in prices of its Model S and Model X cars sold in China, Lester said. The filing in federal court in Texas by the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and business groups that brought the case asked U.S. District Judge Mark Pittman in Fort Worth to enter a final order terminating the late fee rule.  Pittman had previously blocked the CFPB from implementing the rule, which was part of Democratic President Joe Biden's broader crackdown on "junk fees,” though Trump’s Republican administration could have defended the rule on appeal. An unusual dynamic has led some to worry that U.S. investments are losing their appeal as a global safe haven. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.