Title: US issues export licensing requirements for Nvidia, AMD chips to China
Date: 2025-04-16 02:19:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-issues-export-licensing-requirements-021909293.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Reuters) - The U.S. Commerce Department said on Tuesday it was issuing new export licensing requirements for Nvidia's H20, AMD's MI308 artificial intelligence chips, as well as their equivalents, to China. "The Commerce Department is committed to acting on the President's directive to safeguard our national and economic security," a Commerce spokesperson said. Nvidia said earlier on Tuesday that it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips. (Reporting by Karen Freifeld; Editing by Himani Sarkar) Chinese sellers of items from lunch boxes to appliances have taken to social media platform Rednote to generate sympathy purchases, telling domestic consumers they are offloading stock at bargain prices amid U.S. tariffs.  Over the past week, dozens of sellers have broadcast livestreams showing goods produced for U.S. customers, which they said they could no longer sell because of tariff rates of 145% for made-in-China goods imposed by President Donald Trump's administration.  Some of the sellers sold items such as Costa Coffee mugs, but most were brands not widely known abroad, such as OSTMARS and APLX, which are sold on Amazon. We recently published a list of the 11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY) stands against other undervalued energy stocks. On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ […] We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Marvell Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MRVL) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued […] (Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingPresident Donald Trump called on China to reach out to him in order to kick off negotiations aimed at resolving the escalating trade fight between SYDNEY (Reuters) -Shares fell in Asia on Wednesday as AI darling Nvidia took a hit from U.S. curbs on chip sales to China, highlighting the damage to come in a tit-for-tat global trade war, while gold hit a record and the safe-haven currencies jumped.  Treasury yields were steady ahead of a key speech from Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell later in the day.  Traders are wondering if he will echo the surprisingly dovish tone set by his colleague Fed Governor Christopher Waller, or stay more balanced. China appointed a new trade negotiator Wednesday in the midst of its tariff fight with the U.S.  The government said Li Chenggang replaces Wang Shouwen, who participated in negotiations for the 2020 trade deal between the China and the U.S.  China faces 145% taxes on exports to the U.S., while dozens of other countries were given a 90-day reprieve for most duties. Nvidia on Tuesday said it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips.  Nvidia's AI chips have been a key focus of U.S. export controls as U.S. officials have moved to keep the most advanced chips from being sold to China as the U.S. tries to keep ahead in the AI race.  After those controls were implemented, Nvidia began designing chips that would come as close as possible to U.S. limits. (Bloomberg) -- Technology stocks fell as new US government restrictions on the export of Nvidia Corp. chips to China and a disappointing report from Dutch chip-equipment maker ASML Holding NV fanned trade war concerns.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingPresident Donald We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks on the Move. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks on the move. Market uncertainty aside, the AI race is tighter than ever. A report by Stanford University’s Institute for Human-Centered AI (HAI) […] We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.