Title: Why GE Aerospace, Deere, and Caterpillar Stocks Slumped Today
Date: 2025-04-10 15:25
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/ge-aerospace-deere-and-caterpillar-stocks-slumped/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=bde36d60-46e4-438a-aa86-0260c3c8d578&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Even amid stock market turmoil, valuations still matter.
So, how is everyone enjoying the roller coaster this morning?
From April 2 to April 8, theS&P 500index of America's 500 biggest companies fell more than 12%, before surging back 9.5% yesterday alone as investors cheered an apparent 90-day delay in the imposition ofPresident Donald Trump's reciprocal tariffson just about every country we trade with (except China). One overreaction led to another, but this morning, investors are already having second (or is it third?) thoughts about just how good even this good news can be, whenthings seem so uncertainin the stock market right now.
As I type these words, for example, at 10:12 a.m. ET the S&P is down again -- 3.1%. Evenblue chip industrial stocksare feeling kind of queasy, asGE Aerospace(GE-0.52%)gyrates 2.8% lower,Deere & Co.(DE-0.36%)stumbles 3.1%, andCaterpillar(CAT-0.50%)is particularly cranky with a 4.3% loss.
Earlier in the week, you may recall, all three of these industrial stalwarts got dinged with downgrades by top Wall Street analysts. On Tuesday,Citigrouplowered its price targets on both Deere and Caterpillar on worries that rising tariffs will "negatively impact U.S. farmers' exports and profits, likely extending the agriculture downcycle in North America," as The Fly reported at the time.
Earnings season is just starting to ramp up, but as Citi fellowWells Fargopointed out, "earnings may not matter as much as what happens with tariffs," and, for its part, Wells is planning to "lean defensive" on stock investing until the tariff situation settles down a bit.But didn't Trump remove the tariff threat yesterday? Well, yes and no. The presidentsuspendedimposition of massive reciprocal tariffs for many countries, but we don't precisely know which countries yet (although we think we know that China is not one of them). And that means that the tariff risk hasn't really gone away. It's more like it's just hiding in the bushes, ready to leap out without warning again at any time.
Now, the good news is that not all stocks are created equal, and even among stocks that seem similar -- big industrial giants such as GE Aerospace, Deere, and Cat -- the risks may also be unequal. This morning, for example, Citi chimed back in to opine that "defense companies have little exposure to tariffs," and that, in its opinion, this makes GE Aerospace (which sells airplane engines to the military as well as to commercial customers) somewhat of a safer play than other stocks in this sector.I'm not sure I agree with that, however.
Valued at 29.4 times trailing earnings, GE looks pretty pricey on the surface, even without the prospect of tariffs dinging its business. Free cash flow at the aerospace giant, however, looks exceedingly iffy at barely half the level (56%) of reported profit, meaningthe stock's price-to-free cash flow ratiois a whole lot higher thanits P/E ratiomay make you think. Plus, tariffs stillcouldding GE's business, if travelers fly less in this time of uncertainty, for example, airlines buy fewer planes, and plane makers buy fewer engines from GE.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is818%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Long story short, there's too much risk here evenbeforeaccounting for tariff risk to entice me to buy GE stock.
Moving on, let's next take a gander at Deere.
With a $119 billion market cap and $6.2 billion in reported earnings, Deere stock looks cheaper than GE Aerospace at first glance (a P/E of only 19). Unfortunately, just like GE, Deere suffers fromweak free cash flow. For every $1 of "earnings" it reports, the company generates only about $0.68 in real free cash flow.
This pushes Deere stock's price-to-free cash flow ratio up past 28 times. Even at a projected 15% long-term earnings growth rate, I'm afraid this price, too, is too expensive. It's muchtooexpensive to attract me with the tariffs question still up in the air. With foreign countries still talking about imposing their own tariffs on U.S. exports, and Deere getting more than 40% of its sales from exports, I'm leaving Deere stock on the shelf as well.
Last but not least: Caterpillar.
Valued at $138 billion and with $10.8 billion in trailing earnings, Caterpillar is the cheapest of these three big industrial stocks at a P/E ratio of less than 13. Free cash flow at Cat is still an issue; the company generated only $8.8 billion in FCF last year. Still, that only pushes the stock's P/FCF ratio up to 15.6.
With a 7% long-term projected growth rate and a modest 1.9% dividend yield to support its stock price, I find Caterpillar stock the least-worst stock of these three today. It's still not quite cheap enough to convince me to buy, but the stock's significantly cheaper than its close rival Deere, and a whole heck of a lot cheaper than GE Aerospace.
Should our currenttariffs tantrumcontinue, and the stock market take another, deeper turn for the worse, Caterpillar stock will be at the top of my shopping list.
Before you buy stock inGE Aerospace, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andGE Aerospacewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Wells Fargo is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Citigroup is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Deere & Company. The Motley Fool recommends GE Aerospace. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/16/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.