Title: Jim Cramer’s Dilemma: Should Investors Wait or Buy the Dip in Caterpillar (CAT)?
Date: 2025-04-09 16:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-dilemma-investors-wait-160233189.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list ofJim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses.
In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer discussed the reasons behind the recent market turmoil. Cramer emphasized that markets haven’t yet priced in the full brunt of the policies that are coming out of the White House. With Peter Navarro’s anti-China agenda now setting the tone, Cramer warned that corporate earnings and valuations are being fundamentally redefined, and made a bold prediction at where the S&P 500 index could potentially find its bottom:
“I think that the way you want to look at it is what multiple do you put on the new earnings estimates for the S&P. And I think that the S&P people thought it would be 270 to 280; now it’s going to be 230. I think you have to put a worst case, 14 times, because markets have tended to bottom at 14 times earnings and that gives you a 36% downside from here. […] We’re still at 20, that’s the problem. You take it down to 14, where it’s historically bottom, you multiply it by 230, and you get S&P 3220, and that should be your bottom.”
READ ALSO:Jim Cramer Got These 10 Stocks All WrongandJim Cramer Nailed These 11 Stock Picks.
Cramer then painted a picture of the economic path ahead, noting that the current President’s stance is no longer about deal-making but about generating revenue. He warned viewers that without a change in course, the economy could be heading straight toward a recession:
“You’ve got this dichotomy. I mean, this is a man who’s not talking about negotiating. He’s talking about raising a lot of revenue. In the interim, we’ve got inflation because there’s bargaining, but everybody has to pay higher prices and ultimately a recession if there is not some sort of accommodation made.”
While discussing if the current environment is reminiscent of 2007, Cramer rejected the comparison, but acknowledged that capital is fleeing the US markets which might indicate a loss of confidence in American economic leadership:
“Look, there are signs that the U.S. has lost its supremacy. I want to take that off the table if we decide to change our view. See, let’s say I tell people, I think it’s time to really bail. It’s really dangerous. And then the market drops 50 percent. And then the president switches. Can I tell people, oh, now it’s fine, all clear? No, that does not work. It’s not 2007. And by the way, 2007, it took six years to get back. Eighteen months is the average of the last other five bear markets. Eighteen months. “
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 7th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors, as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund holders: 62
Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) is a leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, with its fortunes closely tied to global trade and infrastructure development. Cramer discussed the stock following a downgrade from UBS, explaining that the company is vulnerable to slowing world trade but may be worth considering if infrastructure spending returns. Here’s his remarks:
“UBS, good firm, they downgraded Caterpillar from hold to sell. So people are saying, well, there’s going to be a halt in world trade, a halt in construction. So you sell companies that are related to infrastructure. And I think what you’re struggling with here is, is Caterpillar buy at a certain point? Because maybe infrastructure comes back. But my problem is, I think you have to wait. And I know wait is just not what you want to hear. No one really wants to hear somebody come on air and say, I think you have to wait and see. But I think that’s the right thing, the right strategy to advocate. Well, I’m not going to tell people to sell Caterpillar too soon. Look, let’s say Caterpillar goes to 240. Can I tell people, hey, 240, you got to get back in? Are we using a 2007 paradigm, or are we using the other 5-20% declines? Because if it’s the other 5-20% declines, then you can’t sell. You might not have to buy. You can’t sell. “
Overall, CATranks 7thon our list of stocks Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CAT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.