Title: NYSE Content Advisory: Pre-Market update + Bank of America beats earnings estimates
Date: 2025-04-15 12:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyse-content-advisory-pre-market-125500437.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
NEW YORK,April 15, 2025/PRNewswire/ -- The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) provides a daily pre-market update directly from the NYSE Trading Floor. Access today's NYSE Pre-market update for market insights before trading begins.
Kristen Scholerdelivers the pre-market update onApril 15th
Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) reported better than expected results this morning, raising share price pre-market.
General Motors (NYSE: GM) and Ford (NYSE: F) rose after President Trump's comments around helping auto companies
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Citigroup (NYSE: C), and PNC (NYSE: PNC) highlight upcoming earnings
Opening BellCaterpillar (NYSE: CAT) celebrates its 100thanniversary
Closing BellAxis Capital (NYSE:AXS) marks the two-year anniversary of VincentTizzioas President & CEO
Download the NYSE TV App and Subscribe Here
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nyse-content-advisory-pre-market-update--bank-of-america-beats-earnings-estimates-302428948.html
SOURCE New York Stock Exchange
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Citigroup (C) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Johnson & Johnson forecasts about $400 million in costs this year related to tariffs on medical devices, said Chief Financial Officer Joseph Wolk in an interview.  Wolk said the estimated costs represent a "worst-case scenario" and take into account President Trump’s 90-day pause, China's retaliatory tariffs and the resumption of the U.S. tariffs.  J&J isn't doing anything differently yet in response to tariffs, Wolk added.
The headline numbers for Bank of America (BAC) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Griffon and Cars.com's have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day
(Reuters) -     U.S. bank PNC Financial  (PNC) reported a rise in first-quarter profit on Tuesday, helped by a boost in interest income.
↗️ Netflix (NFLX): The streaming company aims to achieve a $1 trillion market capitalization and double its revenue by 2030, The Wall Street Journal reported. Shares closed 4.8% higher. 🔎 MP Materials (MP); USA Rare Earth (USAR): Shares in the rare-earth companies were mixed, after surging Monday following a Financial Times report that President Trump plans to stockpile critical metals to counter China.
LVMH’s latest sales figures show Chinese and U.S. demand for luxury goods was wobbly—even before the trade war between the two countries kicked off in earnest.  Shares in Louis Vuitton's owner sank Tuesday, after the company said sales fell 3% over the three months through March compared with a year earlier.  The pullback meant LVMH lost its crown as Europe’s most valuable luxury company to Hermès, which reports later this week.
Bank of America and Citigroup said consumer spending ticked higher in the first quarter, when concerns about the economy began to bubble up.
Bank of America's advertising demonstrates a deliberate effort to balance transactional efficiency with knowledge dissemination, showcasing efficient digital services
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.