Title: Jim Cramer Praises Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) CEO, But Urges Caution: “Let’s See What He Says First”
Date: 2025-04-10 16:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-praises-caterpillar-inc-162427308.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list ofJim Cramer Talked About These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
On Friday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, expressed concern over President Donald Trump’s focus on the long-term benefits of tariffs as he argued that the short-term consequences are far more severe.
“The president is fixated on the long term when he talks about trillions of dollars that the tariffs will bring in. He says the tariffs will allow us to fund both tax cuts and a lower budget deficit. Putting aside whether that’s going to be true or not, I don’t think we have the full luxury right now of focusing on the potential long-term benefits because the short-term is a horror show.”
READ ALSO:Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 10 Stocks in Focusand10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently.
Cramer highlighted that the tariffs are excessive and poorly executed and also lack the reciprocal nature needed for a fair trade policy. He noted that it has triggered unnecessary chaos in the markets. He further criticized the stock market’s current state and noted that it is far from functioning properly. He pointed to the struggles of private equity firms, whose stock values are plummeting.
Cramer mentioned that these companies, which hold a significant number of highly levered businesses, had been planning to bring them public under Trump’s administration. However, he said that due to the current market turmoil, there are growing concerns that these initial public offerings might be canceled altogether. He added:
“If we want to get out of this mess, we need some signs that the president understands the need for a functioning market.”
Cramer also stressed that while the U.S. may be experiencing low unemployment, it might not last if short-term issues are not addressed. He commented that the public does not elect their leaders to look only toward long-term outcomes but also to manage immediate challenges. Cramer urged Trump to adjust his approach and form better trade relationships with countries that are open to trade negotiations.
“The President needs to make a commitment… to help companies that want to avoid the tariffs. He needs to call world leaders and say that they can roll back some of the tariffs that he’s putting on them, but, they gotta play ball. Mr. President, don’t cause a crash. It will be your legacy and it can easily be avoided.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 8 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 4. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A construction crew operating a hydraulic shovel during a nighttime project.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 62
A caller asked if it was a good time to start a position in Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT). Here’s what Cramer had to say:
“Okay, this is a great question because CAT has given up almost, it’s given up everything and Jim Umpleby is a terrific guy. Here’s what you have to do. You have to wait till he reports. You can’t jump the gun on this… Well, you won’t know exactly whether he’s buying back stock or he’s pulling in his horns until he reports. He’s too straight a guy not to listen to. We can’t pull the trigger until he says something.”
Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) designs and manufactures construction and mining equipment, industrial engines, and diesel-electric locomotives. The company also provides financial products, parts distribution, logistics services, and various technology solutions. In January, Cramer commented:
“I think the stock’s had an amazing run, but CAT’s no longer a cyclical, it’s a secular grower because CEO, Jim Umpleby has maneuvered its business into more consistent end markets.”
Overall, CATranks 3rdon our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CAT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
Caterpillar has decided to make a change at the top, replacing Jim Umpleby with Joe Creed.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.