Title: Google's spam policy hit by EU antitrust complaint from German media company
Date: 2025-04-15 16:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/googles-spam-policy-hit-eu-164252261.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Foo Yun Chee
BRUSSELS (Reuters) -A German media company has complained to EU antitrust regulators following Alphabet unit Google's crackdown against companies gaming its search algorithm to push up rankings for other sites.
In its complaint to the European Commission, Hamburg-based ActMeraki, until recently called Meraki Group GmbH, urged immediate action against the policy, saying it penalises websites.
Launched in March last year, Google's site reputation abuse policy targets the practice of publishing third-party pages on a site in an attempt to abuse search rankings by taking advantage of the host site's ranking signals, commonly referred to as parasite SEO.
ActMeraki's complaint echoed a joint grievance by the European Publishers Council, the European Newspaper Publishers Association and the European Magazine Media Association which issued a letter on Tuesday calling for regulatory action.
"Google continues to unilaterally set the rules of doing business online in its own favour, preferencing its own commercial offerings and depriving competing service providers of any visibility. It is time to put an effective end to this," ActMeraki's lawyer Thomas Hoppner said.
Google said its spam policy was in response to user feedback.
"We've heard very clearly from users that site reputation abuse - commonly referred to as 'parasite SEO' - leads to a bad search experience for users, and this policy update helps to crack down on this behaviour," a Google spokesperson said.
"We enforce our spam policies through a careful review process, which includes a well-defined reconsideration process for affected site owners."
The Commission, which acts as the competition enforcer in the 27-country European Union, did not respond to repeated emailed requests for comment.
The publishers said Google's allegedly non-transparent manual penalty adjustments and inconsistent policy enforcement against websites for cooperating with third-party content providers have hurt their traffic and revenues.
They said media outlets in France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain and other European countries have reported sharp drops in search rankings since Google enforced its policy in January.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Giles Elgood and Richard Chang)
A listed version of Systematica Investments' flagship hedge fund is down roughly 19% this year, as some trend-following strategies have struggled to navigate the market turmoil caused by the new U.S. trade policies.  The Schroder Gaia BlueTrend fund, which invests in rates, equities, currencies and commodities, is a listed version of Systematica's flagship BlueTrend hedge fund.  The firm, with $17 billion in assets under management, is led by Leda Braga, BlueCrest Capital's former president and head of Systematica trading.
Google is bringing its Veo 2 video-generating AI model to users who pay for Gemini Advanced, the company's premium AI plan. The expansion comes as Google looks to deliver an answer to OpenAI's Sora video generation platform, and as competition in the space grows fiercer. Two weeks ago, one of the more formidable synthetic media companies, Runway, released the fourth generation of its video generator and raised more than $300 million in new capital. Starting Tuesday, Gemini Advanced subscribers w
Johnson & Johnson is holding its earnings outlook steady despite President Donald Trump signaling he could put tariffs on the pharmaceutical industry. The administration announced earlier it would conduct an investigation into drug imports. That move is widely seen as a first step toward imposing new levies. Earnings and revenue both beat estimates for the quarter. Johnson & Johnson CFO Joe Wolk joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how tariffs could hit the industry and the drug maker's bottom line.
Finding stocks expected to beat quarterly earnings estimates becomes an easier task with our Zacks Earnings ESP.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Deciding to retire can feel a bit unnerving. Retirees have plenty to potentially worry about – some of which they have no control over – like how the market will perform and how fast prices at the supermarket will increase. But regardless of the economic environment, simple mistakes can prove costly for retirees. Here are […] The post A Successful Retirement May Hinge on Avoiding These Careless Mistakes appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
If you expect your income to grow significantly, consider graduated repayment.