Title: 2 Stocks Likely to Beat on Q1 Earnings Echoing XOM's Upstream Optimism
Date: 2025-04-15 14:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2-stocks-likely-beat-q1-142200568.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We are yet to get first-quarter 2025 results from the energy companies, with the oil-energy sector’s earnings season to start this week. In the meantime, Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM has already offered an early glimpse of how the quarter might have shaped up. As oil and natural gas prices were buoyant in the March quarter, we expect BP plc BP and SLB SLB to beat on first-quarter earnings.
Per the data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (“EIA”), the average Cushing, OK WTI spot prices for January, February, and March of this year were $75.74, $71.53 and $68.24 per barrel, respectively. Thus, the overall pricing environment was favorable in the first quarter of 2025, as the breakeven costs of the exploration and production companies in the shale plays are significantly lower.
However, although crude prices were advantageous in the March quarter of this year, the overall prices of the commodity were a bit higher at $74.15, $77.25 and $81.28 per barrel in January, February and March of 2024, respectively. Hence, the oil-energy sector is likely to have generated lower total earnings in the first quarter of 2025 as compared to the prior-year quarter.
Our data suggests that in the March quarter of 2025, the sector will probably generate total earnings of $27.5 billion, lower than $30.5 billion in the first quarter of 2024.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Notably, the pricing scenario for natural gas was not only healthier but also favorable in the first quarter of 2025.
Since the prices of both crude oil and natural gas were favorable for exploration and production activities, upstream energy players will likely report handsome first-quarter results. Oilfield service players will also likely remain in the sweet spot since they help upstream firms set up oil and gas wells effectively.  
XOM, one of the largest integrated energy players, recently reported in an SEC filing that it expects its upstream earnings for the March quarter to increase sequentially by as much as $800 million. The company attributed advantageous oil and gas prices for the improvement. Moreover, ExxonMobil expects its Energy Products business unit to witness a sequential improvement of $300-$700 million owing to the changes in industry margins.
With the existence of a number of players in the sector, finding the right energy stocks that have the potential to beat on earnings can be daunting. Our proprietary methodology, however, makes it fairly simple.
You could narrow down the list of choices by looking at stocks that have the combination of a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold), and a positive Earnings ESP. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
SLB
SLB is a leading oilfield service player. As exploration and production activities were favorable, SLB is likely to have witnessed increased demand for its well construction, completions and reservoir characterization activities.
SLB currently has an Earnings ESP of +0.20% and a Zacks Rank of 3. It is slated to report first-quarter 2025 results on April 25.
The company's earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in each of the trailing four quarters, the average surprise being 1.78%. (Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.)
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
BP
BP, a British energy giant, currently has an Earnings ESP of +9.14% and carries a Zacks Rank #3. Supportive commodity prices are likely to have aided BP. The company is slated to report first-quarter 2025 results on April 29.
However, BP expects its production from upstream operations to be lower sequentially. BP’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in two of the last four quarters and missed in the other two, delivering an average negative surprise of 3.04%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Schlumberger Limited (SLB) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
StoneCo and RH have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day
XOM's preliminary assessments indicate that the gas reserves at the Elektra-1 prospect are commercially infeasible for development.
↗️ Netflix (NFLX): The streaming company aims to achieve a $1 trillion market capitalization and double its revenue by 2030, The Wall Street Journal reported. Shares closed 4.8% higher. 🔎 MP Materials (MP); USA Rare Earth (USAR): Shares in the rare-earth companies were mixed, after surging Monday following a Financial Times report that President Trump plans to stockpile critical metals to counter China.
Economic forecasters are raising the odds that we could experience a recession in the coming quarters.  Goldman Sachs has hiked its recession probability a few times in recent weeks, bumping it from 20% all the way to 45%.  Its recession model sees a nearly 80% chance the economy goes into a recession, up from 60% not long ago.
Like any news-focused media company, Newsmax (NYSE: NMAX) centers its business on bad news.  Its share price has already fallen over 70% since the initial public offering (IPO) in March.  Is Newsmax stock poised to plunge even more?
BP expects weak gas trading and a $4B rise in debt in Q1. Refining margins and oil output offer partial support amid its shift to fossil fuels.
Baker Hughes (BKR) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
The traditional ways to plan for your retirement may mean income can no longer cover expenses post-employment. But what if there was another option that could provide a steady, reliable source of income in your nest egg years?
CVX, COP and EOG offer stability and upside, as OPEC's outlook signals slower growth but confirms oil's lasting role in the global economy.
An eventful 24 hours in the crypto markets saw VTHO zooming 37%, Story’s IP falling and recovering 20%, with some traders hoping that the worst of the tariffs-driven selloffs are in the past.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.