Title: United Airlines (UAL) Q1 Earnings: What To Expect
Date: 2025-04-14 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/united-airlines-ual-q1-earnings-120057694.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Airline company United Airlines Holdings (NASDAQ:UAL) will be reporting results tomorrow after market close. Here’s what you need to know.
United Airlines beat analysts’ revenue expectations by 2.1% last quarter, reporting revenues of $14.7 billion, up 7.8% year on year. It was a strong quarter for the company, with a decent beat of analysts’ adjusted operating income and EPS estimates. It reported 64.46 billion revenue passenger miles, up 6.3% year on year.
Is United Airlines a buy or sell going into earnings? Read our full analysis here, it’s free.
This quarter, analysts are expecting United Airlines’s revenue to grow 4.7% year on year to $13.13 billion, slowing from the 9.7% increase it recorded in the same quarter last year. Adjusted earnings are expected to come in at $0.74 per share.
Analysts covering the company have generally reconfirmed their estimates over the last 30 days, suggesting they anticipate the business to stay the course heading into earnings. United Airlines has missed Wall Street’s revenue estimates twice over the last two years.
Looking at United Airlines’s peers in the consumer discretionary segment, some have already reported their Q1 results, giving us a hint as to what we can expect. Carnival delivered year-on-year revenue growth of 7.5%, beating analysts’ expectations by 0.9%, and Delta Air Lines reported revenues up 2.1%, topping estimates by 1.1%. Carnival traded up 1.1% following the results while Delta Air Lines was also up 9.6%.
Read our full analysis of Carnival’s results here and Delta Air Lines’s results here.

When a company has more cash than it knows what to do with, buying back its own shares can make a lot of sense–as long as the price is right. Luckily, we’ve found one, a low-priced stock that is gushing free cash flow AND buying back shares. Click here to claim your Special Free Report on a fallen angel growth story that is already recovering from a setback.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
