Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Reports Earnings Tomorrow_ What To Expect
2025-04-14 16:17
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-jnj-reports-earnings-161705076.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Multinational healthcare company Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) will be reporting results tomorrow before market open. Here’s what investors should know.Johnson & Johnson met analysts’ revenue expectations last quarter, reporting revenues of $22.52 billion, up 5.3% year on year. It was a satisfactory quarter for the company, with a solid beat of analysts’ organic revenue estimates.Is Johnson & Johnson a buy or sell going into earnings? Read our full analysis here, it’s free.This quarter, analysts are expecting Johnson & Johnson’s revenue to be flat year on year at $21.56 billion, slowing from the 2.3% increase it recorded in the same quarter last year. Adjusted earnings are expected to come in at $2.58 per share.Analysts covering the company have generally reconfirmed their estimates over the last 30 days, suggesting they anticipate the business to stay the course heading into earnings. Johnson & Johnson has missed Wall Street’s revenue estimates four times over the last two years.With Johnson & Johnson being the first among its peers to report earnings this season, we don’t have anywhere else to look to get a hint at how this quarter will unravel for pharmaceuticals stocks. However, the whole sector has been hit hard over the last month as stocks in Johnson & Johnson’s peer group are down 8.5% on average. Johnson & Johnson is down 6% during the same time and is heading into earnings with an average analyst price target of $169.87 (compared to the current share price of $153.50).Here at StockStory, we certainly understand the potential of thematic investing. Diverse winners from Microsoft (MSFT) to Alphabet (GOOG), Coca-Cola (KO) to Monster Beverage (MNST) could all have been identified as promising growth stories with a megatrend driving the growth. So, in that spirit, we’ve identified a relatively under-the-radar profitable growth stock benefiting from the rise of AI, available to you FREE via this link.We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining […]Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) will release its first-quarter financial results before the opening bell on Tuesday, April 15. Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at 82 cents per share, up from 76 cents per share in the year-ago period. Bank of America projects quarterly revenue of $26.91 billion, compared to $25.82 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. On April 7, Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck upgraded Bank of America from Equal-Weight to OWe recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Uber Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:UBER) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been […]We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new […]Besides Wall Street's top -and-bottom-line estimates for American Express (AXP), review projections for some of its key metrics to gain a deeper understanding of how the company might have fared during the quarter ended March 2025.President Donald Trump's tariffs have created sharp volatility in the markets. Most of that volatility has been downward motion, with the Nasdaq Composite suddenly down by more than 20% year-to-date. Trump has attracted the ire of many Wall Street investors, but not everyone is rushing for the exits. One Redditor shared that they don't plan to panic sell. Instead, the investor is hanging on to their stocks. "I see loads of posts and comments about selling holdings in the wake of Trump's tariffs.Goldman Sachs Group Inc.'s stock traders posted their highest quarterly revenue haul on record, riding a wave of volatility triggered by an emerging global trade war that's roiled financial markets. KBW Analyst of Large Cap Banks David Konrad has more on the story.Investment banking fees slowed at Goldman Sachs in the first quarter even as trading volatility helped lift overall revenues and profits, the latest sign of how complicated 2025 is turning out to be for some of the biggest names on Wall Street.Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettThe average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
