Buy, Sell or Hold J&J Stock_ Key Tips Ahead of Q1 Earnings
2025-04-11 15:32
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/buy-sell-hold-j-j-153200724.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Johnson & Johnson JNJ will begin the earnings season for the drug & biotech sector when it reports its first-quarter 2025 results on April 15. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter sales and earnings is pegged at $21.66 billion and $2.57 per share, respectively. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for J&J’s earnings has declined from $10.58 per share to $10.57 per share for 2025, while that for 2026 has declined from $11.07 per share to $11.02 per share over the past 60 days.Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.Image Source: Zacks Investment ResearchThe healthcare bellwether’s performance has been pretty impressive, with the company exceeding earnings expectations in each of the trailing four quarters. It delivered a four-quarter earnings surprise of 4.43%, on average. In the last reported quarter, the company delivered an earnings surprise of 2.0%.Image Source: Zacks Investment ResearchJ&J has an Earnings ESPof -2.53% and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Per our proven model, companies with the combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), #2 (Buy) or #3 have a good chance of delivering an earnings beat. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.Sales in J&J’s Innovative Medicines segment are expected to have been driven by higher sales of key products such as Darzalex, Tremfya and Erleada due to strong market growth and share gains.For Darzalex, the consensus mark is pegged at $3.13 billion, while our model estimates sales of $3.15 billion.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Tremfya is $939.0 million, while our model estimate is $989.7 million.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Erleada sales is $817.0 million, while our model projects sales to be $855.3 million.Other products like Invega Sustenna, Uptravi and Spravato are likely to show growth. The rapid adoption of new drugs like Carvykti, Tecvayli and Talvey are likely to have contributed to top-line growth.Sales of the key drug Stelara are likely to have declined due to the impact of current and potential biosimilar competition.A biosimilar version of Stelara was launched in certain European markets for some indications in July 2024. Several biosimilar versions of Stelara are expected to be launched in the United States in 2025. Amgen AMGN launched the first Stelara biosimilar, Wezlana, in January 2025. Stelara biosimilar competition is expected to accelerate throughout 2025 as the number of biosimilar entrants increases.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Stelara sales is pegged at $1.64 billion, while our model projects sales of $1.66 billion.Imbruvica sales are likely to have declined due to rising competitive pressure in the United States due to new oral competition. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Imbruvica is $678.0 million, while our model indicates sales to be $703.0 million.Sales of Xarelto and Simponi/Simponi Aria improved in the fourth quarter of 2024. It remains to be seen if the positive trend continued in the first quarter of 2025.Generic/biosimilar competition for drugs like Zytiga and Remicade is likely to have hurt the top line.The negative impact of the Part D redesign and a heavier impact from Fx are expected to have weighed on the Innovative Medicine segment in the first quarter.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for J&J’s Innovative Medicine unit is $13.46 billion, while our estimate is $13.57 billion.The MedTech segment is expected to have faced difficult year-over-year comparisons in the first quarter.J&J’s MedTech business has been facing continued headwinds in the Asia Pacific, specifically in China, where sales are expected to have been hurt by the impact of the volume-based procurement (VBP) program and the anti-corruption campaign. VBP is a government-driven cost containment effort in China. J&J does not expect any improvement in its business in the Asia Pacific region, specifically in China, in the first quarter or other quarters of 2025. Competitive pressure is likely to continue to hurt sales growth in some MedTech businesses like U.S. electrophysiology for PFA ablation catheter.However, new product uptake and commercial execution are expected to have boosted growth in other markets in the MedTech segment.The Zacks Consensus Estimate as well as our model estimate for J&J’s MedTech segment is $8.14 billion.Nonetheless, a single quarter’s results are not so important for long-term investors. Let us delve deeper to understand whether to buy, sell or hold J&J stock ahead of earnings.So far this year, J&J’sstock has risen 3.6% against a decrease of 4.8% for the industry. The stock has also outperformed the sector as well as the S&P 500, as seen in the chart below. Image Source: Zacks Investment ResearchFrom a valuation standpoint, J&J is reasonably valued. Going by the price/earnings ratio, the company’s shares currently trade at 13.87 forward earnings, slightly lower than 14.81 for the industry. The stock is trading slightly below its five-year mean of 15.94.Image Source: Zacks Investment ResearchJ&J’s biggest strength is its diversified business model. With last year’s complete separation of the Consumer Health segment into a newly listed company called Kenvue KVUE, J&J has now become a two-sector company focused on the Pharmaceutical and MedTech fields.J&J’s Innovative Medicine unit is showing a growth trend. In 2025, J&J expects growth in the Innovative Medicine segment to be driven by its key products, such as Darzalex, Tremfya, Spravato and Erleada, as well as new drugs like Carvykti, Tecvayli and Talvey, and new indications for Tremfya and Rybrevant.J&J is also making rapid progress with its pipeline and has been on an acquisition spree lately, which has strengthened its pipeline.Continuing the M&A momentum, in April, J&J closed its previously announced acquisition of Intra-Cellular Therapies for approximately $14.6 billion, strengthening its presence in the neurological and psychiatric drug market.However, the softness in the MedTech unit, the Stelara patent cliff and the potential impact of Part D redesign will be significant headwinds in 2025. It remains to be seen how the company navigates them. Stelara generated sales of $10.36 billion in 2024. The launch of generics is expected to significantly erode the drug’s sales, hurting J&J’s sales and profits in 2025.The legal battle surrounding its talc lawsuits has created a bearish sentiment around the stock. The lawsuits allege that its talc products contain asbestos, which caused many women to develop ovarian and some other cancers. Earlier this month, a bankruptcy court in Texas rejected J&J’s proposed bankruptcy plan to settle its talc lawsuits. J&J will go back to the traditional tort system to fight the lawsuits individually with its bankruptcy strategy to settle the lawsuits failing for the third time.J&J has shown steady revenue and EPS growth for years. No matter how the first-quarter results play out, those who already own this company’s shares may stay invested for some time as J&J looks poised for a better performance in 2025. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free reportJohnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis ReportAmgen Inc. (AMGN) : Free Stock Analysis ReportKenvue Inc. (KVUE) : Free Stock Analysis ReportThis article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).Zacks Investment ResearchBoth ABBV and MRK are leading pharmaceutical companies with strong portfolios in oncology and immunology.Does JPM stock deserve a place in your investment portfolio after posting an upbeat Q1 performance? Let's find out.Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today.It is very rare for an ordinary household to owe money on gifts. The gift tax has a somewhat complicated two-tier structure. Each year you can give up to an annual amount (the "annual exclusion") without paying, or even reporting, anything on your taxes. Then, over your lifetime, you have a significantly higher amount that […] The post I Want to Give $65k to My Daughter and Her Husband. Will We Have to Pay Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
