Title: Pfizer Halts Obesity Pill Development Amid Safety Concerns
Date: 2025-04-15 16:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-halts-obesity-pill-development-165700605.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
PfizerPFE announced that it is discontinuing the development of danuglipron, its investigational oral GLP-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1 RA), which is being developed to treat obesity.
The decision follows a safety signal observed during two dose-optimization studies, in which one study participant experienced a case of potential drug-induced liver injury. Although the individual was asymptomatic and fully recovered after stopping the treatment, Pfizer stated that its decision was based on a comprehensive review of all clinical data generated to date, along with recent regulatory feedback.
While the two dose-optimization studies had met key pharmacokinetic goals and identified a dose with the potential for competitive efficacy and tolerability, the safety concerns ultimately led Pfizer to stop further development of danuglipron.
This is the second time that Pfizer has faced setbacks in connection with the pipeline development of danuglipron. In December 2023, the company announced that it would not move forward with phase III studies on the twice-daily formulation of danuglipron. Though the drug was effective in reducing weight in a phase IIb study, it caused several gastrointestinal side effects like nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. Back then, the company said that the pharmacokinetic study of the once-daily formulation of danuglipron continues, and it will focus on its development.
This also marks the second time in two years that Pfizer has given up on an obesity drug. Back in 2023, Pfizer had dropped the development of another GLP-1-RA candidate, lotiglipron, due to elevated levels of a type of liver enzymes seen in a study.
Following these setbacks, Pfizer has decided to focus on developing its other obesity candidates, which are either in early-stage or mid-stage development. One such candidate is PF-07976016, an investigational GIP receptor being evaluated in a mid-stage study for obesity.
Year to date, shares of Pfizer have lost nearly 17% compared with the industry’s 7% decline.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Post Pfizer’s announcement, shares ofEli LillyLLY andNovo NordiskNVO rose 3% and 2%, respectively, on Monday. Both companies dominate the diabetes and obesity market on the back of the tremendous success of their GLP-1 products. Lilly markets its dual GIP and GLP-1 RA, tirzepatide, as Mounjaro for type II diabetes and as Zepbound for obesity. Novo markets its semaglutide drugs as Ozempic pre-filled pen and Rybelsus oral tablet for type II diabetes and as Wegovy injection for weight management.
The obesity market has garnered much interest lately. Per a research conducted by Goldman Sachs, the obesity market in the United States is expected to reach $100 billion by 2030. This is also evident from the fact that LLY and NVO have not only optimized their production capacities but are also developing multiple other novel obesity candidates at a rapid pace.
The implication of Pfizer’s setback is clear for both Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk — the immediate removal of a potential rival from the highly lucrative GLP-1 market. The latest setback puts Pfizer back at least a couple of years from entering the obesity space.
A company that benefited from Pfizer’s announcement wasViking TherapeuticsVKTX, which jumped nearly 11% on Monday. VKTX is currently developing its obesity drug candidate VK2735 in both oral and subcutaneous (SC) formulations. Viking Therapeutics is one of the few companies in this space that has made rapid and encouraging progress with its obesity drug.
Last month, Viking announced that it has completed enrollment in a mid-stage study evaluating oral VK2735, just a couple of months after the study initiation was announced in January. This swift enrollment underscores the growing interest in VK2735 and reflects the rising momentum in the weight-loss drug market, led by the success of Lilly’s Zepbound and Novo’s Wegovy. A late-stage study on the SC version is expected to start before the end of this quarter.
Pfizer Inc. price | Pfizer Inc. Quote
Pfizer currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Viking Therapeutics, Inc. (VKTX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
No one ever claimed investing in the biotech industry was a smooth ride, but for shareholders of Viking Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VKTX), the turbulence has been extremely challenging thus far.  The stock is down 71% over the past year, amid ongoing uncertainties regarding the timeline for future commercialization of its clinical pipeline and the broader stock market sell-off.  Progress toward regulatory approval with multiple data readouts expected later this year could be the catalyst for shares to rebound sharply.
Evaluate the expected performance of Blackstone Inc. (BX) for the quarter ended March 2025, looking beyond the conventional Wall Street top-and-bottom-line estimates and examining some of its key metrics for better insight.
Shares of Viking Therapeutics (VKTX) and Structure Therapeutics (GPCR) are on the rise on Monday after Pfizer (PFE) announced its decision to discontinue development of danuglipron, an oral glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, which was being investigated for chronic weight management. While Morgan Stanley predicts “limited reaction” in Pfizer’s shares following the news, JPMorgan tells investors that the decision is “mostly a positive” for Structure and Viking, both developing drugs in the
Corteva, Dole, Adecoagro and Mission Produce have been highlighted in this Industry Outlook article.
PARIS (Reuters) -Nearly three dozen global pharmaceutical companies, in a letter to the head of the European Commission, demanded help to maintain operations in the EU despite threatened U.S. tariffs on imports, including measures to compensate them for the cost of pharmaceutical innovations, French business newspaper Les Echos reported on Tuesday.  In the letter sent to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, the companies -- including Pfizer, Eli Lilly and AstraZeneca -- said they face cost disadvantages in Europe versus the United States, where drugs are sold at prices that on average are twice that of some European countries, such as France, Les Echos reported.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Deciding to retire can feel a bit unnerving. Retirees have plenty to potentially worry about – some of which they have no control over – like how the market will perform and how fast prices at the supermarket will increase. But regardless of the economic environment, simple mistakes can prove costly for retirees. Here are […] The post A Successful Retirement May Hinge on Avoiding These Careless Mistakes appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.