Title: Pfizer hits setback in obesity drug race as GLP-1 trial halts
Date: 2025-04-14 21:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/pfizer-hits-setback-obesity-drug-214449466.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Pfizer (PFE) is ending a late-stage trial of its once-daily GLP-1 pill, Danuglipron, after a participant experienced a liver injury. Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Anjalee Khemlani joins Market Domination Overtime to break down the details, as well as preview what to watch as Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) prepares to report earnings.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
Pfizer announcing today that it is halting a late stage trial of its GLP-1 pill candidate. And Yahoo! Finance's very own Angelina Kamlani joins us now with the latest, Ange.
Josh, that's right. We heard from Pfizer today that it is choosing to halt its phase three trial of danuglipron, that is its once daily oral pill that was supposed to be a really good competitor in the market. They said that they stopped it because one of the clinical trial participants had a liver injury and after getting off the pill was able to recover. So that is where things stand. This is, you know, really a bumpy ride for Pfizer and the end to it essentially for this one molecule. We'll have to see what the company decides to do. If you take a look at the stock, though, it didn't really move much on the news today, Wall Street seemed to kind of shrug it off, and it seems that analysts are looking at maybe the company looking inwardly through its pipeline or externally to acquire something to get it into the obesity space. Uh we got Akash Tewari from Jefferies saying that we're removing danuglipron from our model and lowering the price target for Pfizer as a result from $34 to $32, and we view this as another frustrating hit to management's credibility. The company has really been under the watch of investors for some time, and you can see on your screen the struggle that it had to really enter this obesity space already, ending one candidate earlier on in June 23rd because of similar liver issues, and then looking at twice daily danuglipron having to scrap that, then advancing once daily and now scrapping that as well. That leaves Eli Lilly as the only contender in the marketplace, uh, for a pill, as well as, of course, already a market leader with the injectables. So, really hot obesity space that Pfizer is missing out on, and investors are looking at what it can do to really get the next blockbuster out of its pipeline. I guess we'll have to wait till earnings at the end of the month to hear more about that.
Ange, healthcare is such a big business, but if you get it right, you make a lot of money. Johnson & Johnson reports earnings tomorrow. Any wisdom, what to expect?
Yeah, we're definitely keeping an eye on a few things for Johnson & Johnson. Of course, it is a maker of medical devices, which we know have been hit by the tariffs as well as a pharmaceutical manufacturing, which has been, uh, looked at as having some sort of special tariffs that we've heard from President Trump. So, we're looking on any kind of impact from those conversations, as well as broader tariff impact on guidance. We've seen a couple of companies pull, and we'll see if Johnson & Johnson does so as well. We do know the company has committed to $55 billion in US manufacturing. So we'll have to see how that all shakes out when the company, uh, lets us know tomorrow morning.
Ange, thank you. Appreciate it.
BofA analyst Tim Anderson notes Pfizer (PFE) announced danuglipron, an oral GLP-1 obesity, is being discontinued, following a case of liver injury seen in the phase 1 study. The firm points out that it has argued that this program has received almost too much attention – not because obesity isn’t important, but because this was only phase 1 data. Without danuglipron, Pfizer’s obesity pipeline now consists of a GIP receptor antagonist in phase 2 and a phase 1 oral GLP-1 in T2D with Nxera Pharma.
Johnson & Johnson is holding its earnings outlook steady despite President Donald Trump signaling he could put tariffs on the pharmaceutical industry. The administration announced earlier it would conduct an investigation into drug imports. That move is widely seen as a first step toward imposing new levies. Earnings and revenue both beat estimates for the quarter. Johnson & Johnson CFO Joe Wolk joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how tariffs could hit the industry and the drug maker's bottom line.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
CVS Health and UnitedHealth are two of the top companies leading the S&P 500 chart YTD. But which is the better investment now? Let's take a closer look.
Shares of Viking Therapeutics (VKTX) and Structure Therapeutics (GPCR) are on the rise on Monday after Pfizer (PFE) announced its decision to discontinue development of danuglipron, an oral glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, which was being investigated for chronic weight management. While Morgan Stanley predicts “limited reaction” in Pfizer’s shares following the news, JPMorgan tells investors that the decision is “mostly a positive” for Structure and Viking, both developing drugs in the
While cigarette consumption has been in long-term decline, Altria has successfully pivoted to smoke-free alternatives.
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortagePresident Donald Trump’s administration pressed forward with plans to impose tariffs on semiconductor and pharmaceutical imports by initiating trade
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.