Title: Pfizer Halts Obesity Pill Development Amid Safety Concerns
Date: 2025-04-15 16:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-halts-obesity-pill-development-165700605.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Pfizer PFE announced that it is discontinuing the development of danuglipron, its investigational oral GLP-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1 RA), which is being developed to treat obesity.
The decision follows a safety signal observed during two dose-optimization studies, in which one study participant experienced a case of potential drug-induced liver injury. Although the individual was asymptomatic and fully recovered after stopping the treatment, Pfizer stated that its decision was based on a comprehensive review of all clinical data generated to date, along with recent regulatory feedback.
While the two dose-optimization studies had met key pharmacokinetic goals and identified a dose with the potential for competitive efficacy and tolerability, the safety concerns ultimately led Pfizer to stop further development of danuglipron.
This is the second time that Pfizer has faced setbacks in connection with the pipeline development of danuglipron. In December 2023, the company announced that it would not move forward with phase III studies on the twice-daily formulation of danuglipron. Though the drug was effective in reducing weight in a phase IIb study, it caused several gastrointestinal side effects like nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. Back then, the company said that the pharmacokinetic study of the once-daily formulation of danuglipron continues, and it will focus on its development.
This also marks the second time in two years that Pfizer has given up on an obesity drug. Back in 2023, Pfizer had dropped the development of another GLP-1-RA candidate, lotiglipron, due to elevated levels of a type of liver enzymes seen in a study.
Following these setbacks, Pfizer has decided to focus on developing its other obesity candidates, which are either in early-stage or mid-stage development. One such candidate is PF-07976016, an investigational GIP receptor being evaluated in a mid-stage study for obesity.
Year to date, shares of Pfizer have lost nearly 17% compared with the industry’s 7% decline.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Post Pfizer’s announcement, shares of Eli Lilly LLY and Novo Nordisk NVO rose 3% and 2%, respectively, on Monday. Both companies dominate the diabetes and obesity market on the back of the tremendous success of their GLP-1 products. Lilly markets its dual GIP and GLP-1 RA, tirzepatide, as Mounjaro for type II diabetes and as Zepbound for obesity. Novo markets its semaglutide drugs as Ozempic pre-filled pen and Rybelsus oral tablet for type II diabetes and as Wegovy injection for weight management.
The obesity market has garnered much interest lately. Per a research conducted by Goldman Sachs, the obesity market in the United States is expected to reach $100 billion by 2030. This is also evident from the fact that LLY and NVO have not only optimized their production capacities but are also developing multiple other novel obesity candidates at a rapid pace.
The implication of Pfizer’s setback is clear for both Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk — the immediate removal of a potential rival from the highly lucrative GLP-1 market. The latest setback puts Pfizer back at least a couple of years from entering the obesity space.
A company that benefited from Pfizer’s announcement was Viking Therapeutics VKTX, which jumped nearly 11% on Monday. VKTX is currently developing its obesity drug candidate VK2735 in both oral and subcutaneous (SC) formulations. Viking Therapeutics is one of the few companies in this space that has made rapid and encouraging progress with its obesity drug.
Last month, Viking announced that it has completed enrollment in a mid-stage study evaluating oral VK2735, just a couple of months after the study initiation was announced in January. This swift enrollment underscores the growing interest in VK2735 and reflects the rising momentum in the weight-loss drug market, led by the success of Lilly’s Zepbound and Novo’s Wegovy. A late-stage study on the SC version is expected to start before the end of this quarter.
Pfizer Inc. price | Pfizer Inc. Quote
Pfizer currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Viking Therapeutics, Inc. (VKTX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
No one ever claimed investing in the biotech industry was a smooth ride, but for shareholders of Viking Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VKTX), the turbulence has been extremely challenging thus far.  The stock is down 71% over the past year, amid ongoing uncertainties regarding the timeline for future commercialization of its clinical pipeline and the broader stock market sell-off.  Progress toward regulatory approval with multiple data readouts expected later this year could be the catalyst for shares to rebound sharply.
We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK-B) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading at […]
Telehealth providers, whose revenue skyrocketed amidst GLP-1 shortages, remain defiant on their compounded semaglutide offerings.
Shares of Viking Therapeutics (VKTX) and Structure Therapeutics (GPCR) are on the rise on Monday after Pfizer (PFE) announced its decision to discontinue development of danuglipron, an oral glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, which was being investigated for chronic weight management. While Morgan Stanley predicts “limited reaction” in Pfizer’s shares following the news, JPMorgan tells investors that the decision is “mostly a positive” for Structure and Viking, both developing drugs in the
The 2025 Q1 earnings season picks up considerably this week, with large-cap companies Progressive and UnitedHealth helping to headline the reporting docket. What can investors expect?
HYDERABAD (Reuters) -The India launch of Eli Lilly's popular weight-loss drug Mounjaro has triggered a huge wave of patient enquiries about its availability, with some Indian doctors fielding hundreds of calls about the medicine, according to a Reuters survey.  The survey of 18 doctors, patients and weight-loss clinic operators follows the U.S. drugmaker's market entry ahead of Danish obesity drug rival Novo Nordisk into a nation expected to have the second-largest population of overweight or obese people by 2050.  "Since the launch of Mounjaro, we have seen a remarkable increase in customer interest," said Suryansh Kumar, founder of  Delhi-based weight management services provider Elevate Now.
We came across a bullish thesis on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on UNH. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)’s share was trading at $587.06 as of April 14th. UNH’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.85 and 19.72 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. UnitedHealth Group stands […]
↗️ Goldman Sachs (GS): The Wall Street bank posted better-than-expected results, boosted by a surge in equities trading in the first quarter, which ended just before President Trump's sweeping tariffs.
J&J beats first-quarter earnings and sales estimates. It raises sales guidance for 2025 to reflect the addition of Caplyta from the Intra-Cellular acquisition.
CVS Health and UnitedHealth are two of the top companies leading the S&P 500 chart YTD. But which is the better investment now? Let's take a closer look.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.