Title: Here's How You Can Earn $100 In Passive Income By Investing In Apple Stock
Date: 2025-04-15 12:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heres-earn-100-passive-income-120118260.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is the largest company in the world, with a market cap of $2.987 trillion. It designs, manufactures, and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables, and accessories worldwide.
It will report its Q2 2025 earnings on May 1. Wall Street analysts expect the company to post EPS of $1.61, up from $1.53 in the prior-year period. According to data from Benzinga Pro, quarterly revenue is expected to be $94.07 billion, up from $90.75 billion a year earlier.
The 52-week range of Apple stock price was $164.08 to $260.09.
Apple's dividend yield is 0.50%. It paid $1 per share in dividends during the last 12 months.
Don't Miss:
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones.You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
Are you rich?Here’s what Americans think you need to be considered wealthy.
On Jan 30, the company announced its Q1 2025 earnings, posting revenue of $124.3 billion, beating analyst estimates of $124.13 billion, as reported byBenzinga. The iPhone maker reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of $2.40 per share, beating analyst estimates of $2.36 per share.
Apple shares have nosedived since the announcement of ‘Liberation Day' tariffs on April 2, sparking investor panic over potential supply chain disruptions and weakening sales in China.
However, the stock staged a dramatic rebound on Wednesday, closing with a gain of over 15%, after PresidentDonald Trumpannounced a 90-day pause on tariffs for countries that have not retaliated against U.S. trade actions.
Check out thisarticle by Benzingafor Apple’s latest options trends.
Trending: Warren Buffett once said, "If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die."Here’s how you can earn passive income with just $100.
If you want to make $100 per month — $1,200 annually — from Apple dividends, your investment value needs to be approximately $240,000, which is around 1,207 shares at $198.85 each.
Understanding the dividend yield calculations:When making an estimate, you need two key variables — the desired annual income ($1,200) and the dividend yield (0.50% in this case). So, $1,200 / 0.005 = $240,000 to generate an income of $100 per month.
You can calculate the dividend yield by dividing the annual dividend payments by the current price of the stock.
The dividend yield can change over time. This is the outcome of fluctuating stock prices and dividend payments on a rolling basis.
See Also: The secret weapon in billionaire investor portfolios that you almost certainly don't own yet.See which asset class has outpaced the S&P 500 (1995-2024) – and with near-zero correlation.
For instance, assume a stock that pays $2 as an annual dividend is priced at $50. Its dividend yield would be $2/$50 = 4%. If the stock price rises to $60, the dividend yield drops to 3.33% ($2/$60). A drop in stock price to $40 will have an inverse effect and increase the dividend yield to 5% ($2/$40).
In summary, income-focused investors may find Apple stock an attractive option for making a steady income of $100 per month by owning 1,207 shares of stock. There may be more upside to come as investors benefit from the company's consistent dividend hikes. Apple has raised its dividend consecutively for the last 12 years.
Read Next:
Have $200K saved?Here's how to turn it into lasting wealth
Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets –with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share!
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This articleHere's How You Can Earn $100 In Passive Income By Investing In Apple Stockoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Apple (AAPL) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend.
Deciding to retire can feel a bit unnerving. Retirees have plenty to potentially worry about – some of which they have no control over – like how the market will perform and how fast prices at the supermarket will increase. But regardless of the economic environment, simple mistakes can prove costly for retirees. Here are […] The post A Successful Retirement May Hinge on Avoiding These Careless Mistakes appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation.