New Filtrete Refillable Air Filter delivers cleaner air and less waste
2025-04-15 13-05
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/filtrete-refillable-air-filter-delivers-130500633.html?.tsrc=rss
ST. PAUL, Minn.,April 15, 2025/PRNewswire/ -- Filtrete™ Brand, the number one trusted brand in residential HVAC air filters,1is excited to announce thenew Filtrete Refillable Air Filter Kit. This innovative kit addresses common consumer pain points by offering a reusable frame that lasts up to 20 years and a collapsible filter that lasts up to 12 months. The refills are more affordable than traditional filters, reduce storage space by 75 percent, and cut disposable waste by 20 percent2– helping consumers achieve cleaner air with a reusable and budget conscious choice.
Filtrete Technology captures more small particles than standard MERV minimum requirements. The Microparticle Performance Rating (MPR) developed by3Msets a higher standard for air quality. All Filtrete Air Filters are designed to maintain reliable airflow, helping HVAC systems run efficiently and reduce energy consumption, when changed regularly.
"Filtrete Brand has been dedicated to providing cleaner air for over 30 years," saidCindy Timmerman, vice president of Consumer Safety and Wellbeing at3M. "Our new refillable air filters offer a solution that saves costs, space and reduces waste, while ensuring reliable airflow and cleaner air. A small change with a big impact."
The kit includes Filtrete™ MPR 1550 (MERV 12) Refillable Air Filters, which capture 42 percent more microparticles (0.3-1 microns) than the industry standard, effectively removing more allergens, bacteria and viruses for cleaner indoor air. These filters are also certified Asthma & Allergy Friendly®by the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America.
For added convenience, the new refillable air filters are compatible with the Filtrete Smart App, allowing consumers to store filter details, receive change reminders and find replacements easily.
Filtrete Refillable Air Filters are available in MPR 1550 (MERV 12) and MPR 1000 (MERV 11) atAmazon, Walmart and Lowes.
1Based on the 2024 Sago Brand Health Study2Filtrete Refillable Air Filter refills cost less based on MSRP, take up less space by volume and create less waste by weight than comparable traditional Filtrete™ Air Filters.
The Asthma & Allergy Friendly®Certification Mark is a Registered Certification Mark of the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America and Allergy Standards Ltd.
About Filtrete™ BrandFor over 30 years, Filtrete™ Air Filters have delivered cleaner air to millions of homes, becoming a leader in residential air filtration. Developed by3Mengineers, these electrostatically charged filters act like tiny magnets, capturing microscopic particles while maintaining reliable airflow. Our team continues to innovate for better indoor air quality.