Title: 1 Hated Stock that Deserves Some Love and 2 to Question
Date: 2025-05-08 04:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-hated-stock-deserves-love-043842518.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
When Wall Street turns bearish on a stock, it’s worth paying attention. These calls stand out because analysts rarely issue grim ratings on companies for fear their firms will lose out in other business lines such as M&A advisory.
At StockStory, we look beyond the headlines with our independent analysis to determine whether these bearish calls are justified. Keeping that in mind, here is one stock poised to prove Wall Street wrong and two where the outlook is warranted.
Consensus Price Target: $13.46 (0.2% implied return)
Sporting a roster of beachfront properties, Playa Hotels & Resorts (NASDAQ:PLYA) is an owner, operator, and developer of all-inclusive resorts in prime vacation destinations.
Why Are We Cautious About PLYA?
Softer revenue per room over the past two years suggests it might have to invest in new amenities such as restaurants and bars to attract customers
Estimated sales decline of 2.6% for the next 12 months implies an even more challenging demand environment
ROIC of 4.4% reflects management’s challenges in identifying attractive investment opportunities
Playa Hotels & Resorts is trading at $13.43 per share, or 21.6x forward P/E. Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including PLYA in your portfolio, it’s free.
Consensus Price Target: $148.20 (5.1% implied return)
Producers of the first asthma inhaler, 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) is a global conglomerate known for products in industries like healthcare, safety, electronics, and consumer goods.
Why Do We Pass on MMM?
Organic revenue growth fell short of our benchmarks over the past two years and implies it may need to improve its products, pricing, or go-to-market strategy
Earnings per share have contracted by 3.4% annually over the last five years, a headwind for returns as stock prices often echo long-term EPS performance
Shrinking returns on capital from an already weak position reveal that neither previous nor ongoing investments are yielding the desired results
At $141 per share, 3M trades at 17.7x forward P/E. Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why MMM doesn’t pass our bar.
Consensus Price Target: $154.74 (1.1% implied return)
Operating as a critical link in the healthcare supply chain since 1979, Cardinal Health (NYSE:CAH) distributes pharmaceuticals and manufactures medical products for hospitals, pharmacies, and healthcare providers across the global healthcare supply chain.
Why Do We Like CAH?
Dominant market position is represented by its $222.3 billion in revenue, which creates significant barriers to entry in this highly regulated industry
Estimated revenue growth of 8.4% for the next 12 months implies demand will accelerate from its two-year trend
Earnings per share grew by 7.7% annually over the last five years and topped the peer group average
Cardinal Health’s stock price of $153.13 implies a valuation ratio of 17.6x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free.
The market surged in 2024 and reached record highs after Donald Trump’s presidential victory in November, but questions about new economic policies are adding much uncertainty for 2025.
While the crowd speculates what might happen next, we’re homing in on the companies that can succeed regardless of the political or macroeconomic environment. Put yourself in the driver’s seat and build a durable portfolio by checking out our Top 5 Growth Stocks for this month. This is a curated list of our High Quality stocks that have generated a market-beating return of 175% over the last five years.
Stocks that made our list in 2019 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+2,183% between December 2019 and December 2024) as well as under-the-radar businesses like Axon (+711% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Getting Wall Street’s Attention Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other AI stocks that are getting Wall Street’s attention right now. Investors in the artificial intelligence trade have been frantic ever since the […]
FRANKFURT (Reuters) -German automotive supplier Robert Bosch said on Thursday it would not be able to estimate the impact of tariffs on its business until late in the year, and predicted 2025 sales to grow by a currency-adjusted 1% to 3%.  Volatility in global trade makes the forecast fraught with uncertainty, the company said, also citing a difficult business environment in its main markets but also possible tailwinds from state infrastructure investment programmes."The consequences of additional tariffs and possible economic effects from European and German infrastructure investments also make an assessment more difficult," it added.  The U.S. tariffs' impact, which cannot be calculated until late in the year, may lead to greater regional differentiation in company's product development, CEO Stefan Hartung said during conference call.
IOL leverages Pure Refractive Optics Technology, featuring a continuous refractive surface across the optical diameter.
The trial’s primary endpoint is pCR, with secondary endpoints including event-free survival (EFS), overall survival, safety, and invasive disease-free survival.
The department said the nearly $21.6 million grant competitions do not "align with the objectives established by the Trump Administration.”
A motion filed Monday alleges the agency has "functionally ended the processing of scores of complaints."
Novavax (NVAX) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 312.68% and 215.04%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
(Bloomberg) -- Elon Musk fired back at OpenAI’s accusation that he’s been waging a “relentless” campaign for more than a year to damage the startup.Most Read from BloombergThe Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance CenterVail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureIn a court filing late Wednesday, an attorney for the world’s richest person asked a judge to brush asi
The spray has a shelf life of two years and can withstand temperature exposures up to 122°F (50°C).
Amid a strong foothold in the diversified operations market, which market player - MMM or HON - is a better pick now?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.