Title: 3M vs. Griffon: Which Industrial Conglomerate Stock is a Stronger Pick?
Date: 2025-04-07 15:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3m-vs-griffon-industrial-conglomerate-155900966.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season 3M Company MMM and Griffon Corporation GFF are both familiar names operating in the Zacks Diversified Operations industry. While 3M operates in the industrial, electrical, transportation, consumer and home care markets, Griffon provides consumer, professional, as well as home and building products in the United States and internationally.With considerable exposure in consumer and home care markets, both companies invest heavily in research and development to generate innovative products, drive growth and gain market share. But which one is a better investment today? Let’s take a closer look at their fundamentals, growth prospects and challenges to make an informed choice. 3M is witnessing solid momentum in the Safety and Industrial segment, driven by strength in roofing granules and electrical markets. Significant orders for aluminum high-capacity conductors and power cable accessories in Asia and the United States, driven by an increase in demand from data centers, augur well in the quarters ahead. The segment’s organic sales improved approximately 2.4% year over year in the fourth quarter of 2024.The company’s Transportation and Electronics segment is benefiting from strength in the aerospace and electronics end markets. Solid electronics demand, backed by an increase in production volume by electronics original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers, is proving beneficial for the segment. The segment’s adjusted organic revenues grew 2% in the fourth quarter.3M is committed to rewarding its shareholders handsomely through dividend payments and share buybacks. In 2024, it paid dividends worth $2 billion and repurchased shares for $1.8 billion. At the end of 2024, the company had $2.4 billion remaining under the share repurchase program. In 2025, it anticipates a gross share repurchase of around $1.5 billion.However, weakness in the consumer retail end markets, owing to a decrease in consumer discretionary spending, remains a concern. This is reflected in the Consumer segment’s results, which declined 1.9% in 2024. There was a particular weakness in the packaging & expression, home & auto care and consumer safety and well-being businesses. The company expects consumer retail discretionary spending on hardline goods to remain muted in the near term, which is likely to hurt its overall performance.MMM’s high debt level remains another concern for its profitability. Exiting 2024, the company’s long-term debt was $11.1 billion. Its short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt totaled $1.9 billion. Also, interest expenses in 2024 increased 26.5% year over year to $1.2 billion.The company has also been subject to several litigations, including earplug lawsuits. It has committed substantial funds to resolve these disputes, as ongoing litigation might lead to additional expenses. Per the terms of the Combat Arms Earplug settlement announced in August 2023, 3M agreed to pay a sum of $6 billion to resolve the litigation case over the period from 2023 to 2029. Griffon is witnessing strong momentum in the Home and Building Products segment. Increased demand for its products, supported by the resiliency of repair and remodeling activity in the residential construction market, is driving the segment’s results (revenues are flat on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter of fiscal 2025).The U.S. residential construction market is seeing a recovery in single-family housing, supported by lower interest rates and builder incentives, which is likely to be beneficial for the segment in the quarters ahead. The recovery in the commercial construction market, driven by several projects undertaken by customers, is expected to benefit the segment.However, tepid consumer demand for project tools, outdoor decor and watering products has been hurting its Consumer and Professional Products segment’s performance. The segment’s revenues declined 4.2% year over year in the first quarter of fiscal 2025.Griffon continues to invest in the expansion and modernization of its key manufacturing and distribution facilities to drive growth.  For instance, the company expanded Clopay's Troy manufacturing facility, which will improve its manufacturing efficiencies and introduce new product lines. It also expanded the sectional door manufacturing capacity in Ohio to cater to the increasing demand for its premium products. Griffon plans to make additional investments in capacity expansion and technology in 2025.Also, GFF intends to strengthen and expand its businesses through acquisitions. In July 2024, it acquired an Australia-based company, Pope. Pope has expanded its residential watering product portfolio in the Australian market. The acquisition of Pope is anticipated to generate annual revenues of around $25 million and positively impact the company's earnings in the first full year of ownership. While the Zacks Consensus Estimate for MMM’s 2025 sales implies a year-over-year decline of 10%, the same for its earnings per share (EPS) indicates growth of 6.7%. While the EPS estimates for 2025 have declined, the estimates for 2026 have increased over the past 60 days. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research While the Zacks Consensus Estimate for GFF’s fiscal 2025 sales implies a year-over-year decline of 1.2%, the same for EPS indicates growth of 11.5%. GFF’s EPS estimates have been trending northward over the past 60 days for both fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research In the past six months, 3M shares have lost 5.7%, while Griffon stock has inched up 0.4%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research 3M is trading at a forward 12-month price-to-earnings ratio of 15.97X, above its median of 12.03X over the last three years. Griffon’s forward earnings multiple sits at 10.80X, close to its median of 10.58X over the same time frame. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research 3M’s strength in the safety, industrial and transportation markets has been dented by the weakness in its consumer retail market. Also, MMM’s expensive valuation and downward earnings estimate revisions warrant a cautious approach for existing investors.In contrast, Griffon’s robust momentum in the Home and Building Products segment, growth investments and accretive acquisitions bode well for strong growth in the quarters ahead. Additionally, GFF’s attractive valuation is more appealing and its upwardly revised estimates instil confidence.Given these factors, GFF seems a better pick for investors than MMM currently. While GFF carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), 3M currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report 3M Company (MMM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Griffon Corporation (GFF) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Molson Coors, CenterPoint Energy, WEC Energy, Abbott Laboratories and HCA Healthcare are included in this Analyst Blog. E is exploring further upstream asset sales after offloading stakes in Ivory Coast and Congo to Vitol in a $1.65 billion deal. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Your mid-fifties is a good time to do a retirement check. To be clear, you should always have at least one eye on retirement. This isn't something to ever forget entirely. But most of the time, that means nothing more than making sure your annual contributions go through in-full, on-time and to the right places, […] The post What’s a Realistic Retirement Budget? I’m 55 With $490k Saved, Making $80,000 Annually. appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
