Title: FUTURO Brand just got an upgrade with movement in mind
Date: 2025-04-16 16:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/futuro-brand-just-got-upgrade-161200691.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: Relieve muscle and joint stiffness, soreness and swelling with our new compression sleeves that deliver comfortable wear all day long. ST. PAUL, Minn.,April 16, 2025/PRNewswire/ -- FUTURO™ Brand introduces a collection ofredesigned premium compression sleeves for muscle and joint support. The new sleek look, smooth low-profile construction and ultra-soft fabric with four-way stretch delivers an unrestricted, comfortable fit, flexibility and range of motion. Prioritizing all day comfort and wear, a no-cutout construction helps reduce chafing and rubbing and an innovative comfort band with silicone beading helps prevent slipping and rolling. The reengineered compression sleeves, supported by an expert panel of engineers and medical professionals, deliver compression for sore muscles and joints, swelling, sprains and strains. Improved to help you do the things you want and keep you moving, FUTURO™ Brand introduces: FUTURO™ Premium Compression Ankle Sleeve: recommended for mild tendonitis, swelling, soreness, sprains and strains. Featuring a low-profile design that fits comfortably in shoes. FUTURO™ Premium Compression Elbow Sleeve: recommended for mild tendonitis, golfer's elbow, tennis elbow, swelling, sprains and strains. With medial and lateral gel pads to apply targeted pressure where needed. FUTURO™ Premium Compression Knee Sleeve with Stabilizers: recommended for mild arthritis, swelling, soreness, sprains and strains. Designed wider at the thigh for improved fit and with removable metal stabilizers which adapt the support based on individual needs. "Technology continues to transform the way athletes, workers and patients recover and perform," saidJonathan Pieronek, global portfolio director,3MConsumer Health and Safety. "Compression sleeves are designed to help optimize movement and enhance overall performance. Having the right one for your need matters. Our new premium compression sleeves give individuals the flexibility to choose what is right for them. They provide added support for everyday routines to keep moving." The new contoured designs fit neatly under clothes and retain shape for the duration of wear. Each sleeve is made to wear on either the left or right side. For the best possible fit and performance, FUTURO™ Compression Knee Sleeves are available in sizes small, medium, large and extra-large and the Elbow and Ankle Sleeves are available in small/medium and large/extra-large. The full FUTURO™ Premium Compression Sleeve line isavailable for purchase on Target.com.

