Title: 1 Hated Stock that Deserves Some Love and 2 to Question
Date: 2025-05-08 04:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-hated-stock-deserves-love-043842518.html?.tsrc=rss

When Wall Street turns bearish on a stock, it’s worth paying attention. These calls stand out because analysts rarely issue grim ratings on companies for fear their firms will lose out in other business lines such as M&A advisory. At StockStory, we look beyond the headlines with our independent analysis to determine whether these bearish calls are justified. Keeping that in mind, here is one stock poised to prove Wall Street wrong and two where the outlook is warranted. Consensus Price Target: $13.46 (0.2% implied return) Sporting a roster of beachfront properties, Playa Hotels & Resorts (NASDAQ:PLYA) is an owner, operator, and developer of all-inclusive resorts in prime vacation destinations. Why Are We Cautious About PLYA? Softer revenue per room over the past two years suggests it might have to invest in new amenities such as restaurants and bars to attract customers Estimated sales decline of 2.6% for the next 12 months implies an even more challenging demand environment ROIC of 4.4% reflects management’s challenges in identifying attractive investment opportunities Playa Hotels & Resorts is trading at $13.43 per share, or 21.6x forward P/E.Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including PLYA in your portfolio, it’s free. Consensus Price Target: $148.20 (5.1% implied return) Producers of the first asthma inhaler, 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) is a global conglomerate known for products in industries like healthcare, safety, electronics, and consumer goods. Why Do We Pass on MMM? Organic revenue growth fell short of our benchmarks over the past two years and implies it may need to improve its products, pricing, or go-to-market strategy Earnings per share have contracted by 3.4% annually over the last five years, a headwind for returns as stock prices often echo long-term EPS performance Shrinking returns on capital from an already weak position reveal that neither previous nor ongoing investments are yielding the desired results At $141 per share, 3M trades at 17.7x forward P/E.Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why MMM doesn’t pass our bar. Consensus Price Target: $154.74 (1.1% implied return) Operating as a critical link in the healthcare supply chain since 1979, Cardinal Health (NYSE:CAH) distributes pharmaceuticals and manufactures medical products for hospitals, pharmacies, and healthcare providers across the global healthcare supply chain. Why Do We Like CAH? Dominant market position is represented by its $222.3 billion in revenue, which creates significant barriers to entry in this highly regulated industry Estimated revenue growth of 8.4% for the next 12 months implies demand will accelerate from its two-year trend Earnings per share grew by 7.7% annually over the last five years and topped the peer group average Cardinal Health’s stock price of $153.13 implies a valuation ratio of 17.6x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy?Find out in our full research report, it’s free. The market surged in 2024 and reached record highs after Donald Trump’s presidential victory in November, but questions about new economic policies are adding much uncertainty for 2025. While the crowd speculates what might happen next, we’re homing in on the companies that can succeed regardless of the political or macroeconomic environment. Put yourself in the driver’s seat and build a durable portfolio by checking out ourTop 5 Growth Stocks for this month. This is a curated list of ourHigh Qualitystocks that have generated a market-beating return of 175% over the last five years. Stocks that made our list in 2019 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+2,183% between December 2019 and December 2024) as well as under-the-radar businesses like Axon (+711% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free. AGCO's Q1 top-line dips y/y due to lower sales and production volumes. Amid a strong foothold in the diversified operations market, which market player - MMM or HON - is a better pick now? We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Getting Wall Street’s Attention Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other AI stocks that are getting Wall Street’s attention right now. Investors in the artificial intelligence trade have been frantic ever since the […] Uber downgraded, Rockwell Automation upgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls Uber Technologies  may have posted mixed first-quarter results, but analysts say Wall Street should be looking at the company’s underlying business trends instead of focusing too closely on the numbers.  A handful of analysts boosted their price target on  Uber  shares on the heels of the earnings report on Wednesday, which included upbeat guidance for the current quarter.  Wells Fargo  analysts led by Ken Gawrelski raised their price target to $100 from $90 and reiterated an Overweight rating in a note Thursday. IOL leverages Pure Refractive Optics Technology, featuring a continuous refractive surface across the optical diameter. We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […] DAVE INC (DAVE) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 61.04% and 17.90%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? The trial’s primary endpoint is pCR, with secondary endpoints including event-free survival (EFS), overall survival, safety, and invasive disease-free survival. The department said the nearly $21.6 million grant competitions do not "align with the objectives established by the Trump Administration.”