Title: Meta Whistleblower to Tell Congress That Company Aided China in AI Race
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 20-11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-whistleblower-tell-congress-company-014044188.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
(Bloomberg) -- Sarah Wynn-Williams, a former Meta Platforms Inc. executive-turned-whistleblower, testified before Congress that the social media giant threatened US interests while cozying up to China — claims the company said are false.
Wynn-Williams, who served as director of global public policy for the company until she left in 2017, told the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism on Wednesday that she witnessed executives undermining US national security. The testimony included allegations that Meta, formerly called Facebook, offered censorship tools to China and helped the country advance in an artificial intelligence arms race.
“Meta started briefing the Chinese Communist Party as early as 2015,” said Wynn-Williams, who recently published a memoir titled Careless People about her experience at Facebook. “These briefings focused on critical emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence. The explicit goal being to help China outcompete American companies.” These briefings took place at “every level” of the company, including with its leadership, she said.
In her testimony, Wynn-Williams suggested that there’s a “straight line” to draw from these briefings to China’s current use of Meta’s AI tools to build out its military capabilities. She pointed to reporting from Reuters that alleges that Chinese researchers linked to the People’s Liberation Army developed an AI model for military use based on Meta’s technology. The company has questioned this reporting.
Wynn-Williams said she’s faced threats and intimidation from the company in the wake of publishing Careless People. The memoir vaulted to the top of best-seller lists after Meta succeeded in getting an emergency arbitrator to block her from repeating disparaging remarks about the company. Her book has drawn the interest of lawmakers, including Senator Josh Hawley, a Republican from Missouri who leads the Senate Judiciary subcommittee.
Both Democrats and Republicans admonished Meta during the hearing for its efforts to silence Wynn-Williams. The lawmakers also suggested Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg was disingenuous when describing himself as a champion of free speech. Senator Richard Blumenthal, a Democrat from Connecticut, called the company’s actions “despicable” and “disgusting.”
“Did you sense that he had any red line?” Blumenthal asked Wynn-Williams of Zuckerberg’s efforts to win the favor of the Chinese Communist Party.
“I did not,” Wynn-Williams said.
On Tuesday, after Wynn-Williams’s prepared introductory remarks were first reported by NBC News, a representative for Meta said that her comments were “divorced from reality and riddled with false claims.”
Zuckerberg has been public about the company’s past interest in offering services in China “and details were widely reported beginning over a decade ago,” Meta spokesperson Andy Stone said. But “the fact is this: We do not operate our services in China today.”
Facebook never succeeded in launching in the country, and the social media platform is still banned there over censorship issues. But during the Wednesday hearing, Wynn-Williams highlighted Meta’s ongoing business within the nation — pointing to corporate filings that reference the billions in revenue Meta gets from advertisers in China each year.
The Senate hearing further underscores US lawmakers present-day interest in China’s influence on technology platforms. TikTok, owned by Chinese company ByteDance Ltd., is facing a possible ban in the US and its future remains unclear due to national security concerns. The early success of China-based AI model DeepSeek has also raised concerns about censorship.
Congressional interest doesn’t appear to be waning. Hawley joined a bipartisan cohort of lawmakers in early April to investigate Wynn-Williams’ claims that Meta provided AI tools, including surveillance software, to the Chinese Communist Party. Looking beyond Meta’s past China ties, Democrats on the Senate Judiciary subcommittee also raised concerns about Wynn-Williams’ allegations about Meta’s impact on children’s health and called for renewed legislative efforts.
--With assistance from Kurt Wagner.
(Updates with more on testimony starting in the first paragraph.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Peter Tchir, Academy Securities Macro Strategy Head, says there will be a global recession due to President Donald Trump's trade war and the US won't be spared. He speaks on "Bloomberg The Close." Tchir talks about how the issues with China can impact investors and markets and he says stocks could move even lower.
Major medtech players have seen share prices slashed over the past month, though some may be able to brave out the storm.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
