Title: Shell Q1 Earnings Impress But Revenues and LNG Sales Decline
Date: 2025-05-07 13:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shell-q1-earnings-impress-revenues-131700520.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Europe’s largest oil company, Shell plc SHEL, reported first-quarter 2025 earnings per ADS (on a current cost of supplies basis, excluding items — the market’s preferred measure) of $1.84, which came in well above the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.54 on the back of higher natural gas realizations.However, the bottom line fell from the year-ago adjusted profit of $2.38 due to lower LNG sales.Shell’s revenues of $70.2 billion were down from $74.7 billion in first-quarter 2024 and missed the consensus mark by 12.2%.Meanwhile, Shell repurchased $3.3 billion of shares in the first quarter. The London-based company expects another $3.5 billion worth of repurchases for the second quarter. (See the Zacks Earnings Calendar to stay ahead of market-making news.)
Shell PLC Unsponsored ADR price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Shell PLC Unsponsored ADR Quote
Upstream: The segment recorded a profit of $2.3 billion (excluding items) during the quarter, up from $1.9 billion (adjusted) in the year-ago period. This primarily reflects the impact of higher natural gas prices.At $71.49 per barrel, the group’s worldwide realized liquids prices were 6.6% below the year-earlier levels but natural gas prices rose 21.3%.Shell’s upstream volumes averaged 1,855 thousand oil-equivalent barrels per day (MBOE/d), down a marginal 0.9% from the year-ago period, mainly due to new crude production. Liquids production totaled 1,335 thousand barrels per day (an increase of 0.3% year over year) and natural gas output came in at 3,020 million standard cubic feet per day (down 3.7%).Chemicals and Products: In this segment, the London-based supermajor reported an adjusted profit of $449 million, down 72% from $1.6 billion earned in the year-ago period. The unfavorable comparison was due to unfavorable tax movements. Meanwhile, refinery utilization came in at 85%.Integrated Gas: The unit reported an adjusted income of $2.5 billion, deteriorating from $3.7 billion in the January-March quarter of 2024. Results were primarily impacted by lower LNG sales volumes, which fell 2.3% from the first quarter of 2024 to 16.49 million tons. Total Integrated Gas production was also down 6.6% year over year to 927 MBOE/d.Marketing: The segment recorded an income of $900 million (excluding items) during the quarter compared to the year-ago earnings of $781 million, due to lower operating expenses and higher margins. Renewables and Energy Solutions: The segment incurred an adjusted loss of $42 million, reflecting a deterioration from the year-ago income of $163 million. The performance blip primarily reflects asset disposals. External power sales were essentially flat year over year at 76 terawatt hours, though piped gas sales fell more than 3% to 184 terawatt hours.
As of March 31, 2025, the Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) company had $35.6 billion in cash and $76.5 billion in debt (including short-term debt). Net debt-to-capitalization was approximately 18.7%, up from 17.7% a year ago.  You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.During the quarter under review, Shell generated cash flow from operations of $9.3 billion, returned $2.2 billion to its shareholders through dividends, and spent $3.7 billion on capital projects.The company’s cash flow from operations decreased 29.5% from the year-earlier level. Meanwhile, the group raked in $5.3 billion in free cash flow during the first quarter compared to $9.8 billion a year ago.
Shell expects second-quarter 2025 upstream volumes of 1,560-1,760 MBOE/d, while Integrated Gas production is expected between 890 MBOE/d and 950 MBOE/d. The company also foresees marketing sales volumes of 2,600-3,100 thousand barrels per day and refinery utilization in the range of 87-95%.
While we have discussed Shell’s first-quarter results in detail, let’s take a look at some other energy supermajor's reports of this season.American multinational ExxonMobil XOM reported first-quarter 2025 earnings per share of $1.76 (excluding identified items), which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.72. The bottom line, however, declined from the year-ago level of $2.06. ExxonMobil’s total quarterly revenues of $83.13 billion missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $84.49 billion. The top line increased from the year-ago figure of $83.08 billion.Better-than-expected quarterly earnings were fueled by higher production from ExxonMobil’s Guyana and Permian operations, as well as structural cost savings. However, this was partially offset by lower base volumes from divestments, a decline in industry refining margins and weaker crude price realization.Smaller rival Chevron CVX reported adjusted first-quarter earnings per share of $2.18, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.15. The outperformance stemmed from higher-than-expected U.S. natural gas production in Chevron’s key upstream segment. The unit’s domestic output of 2,859 million cubic feet per day (MMcf/d) came in above the consensus mark of 2,666 MMcf/d. A healthy gain in the commodity’s U.S. realizations also played its part.  The company recorded $5.2 billion in cash flow from operations compared to $6.8 billion in the year-ago period due to a drop in earnings and tax payments associated with divestment in Canada. Chevron’s free cash flow for the quarter was $1.3 billion.London-based BP plc BP reported first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings of 53 cents per American Depositary Share on a replacement-cost basis, excluding non-operating items. The figure lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 56 cents. BP’s bottom line also declined from the year-ago reported figure of 97 cents.Total quarterly revenues of $47.9 billion lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $57.2 billion and declined from $49.9 billion reported a year ago. The weak quarterly results can primarily be blamed on lower liquid price realizations and weaker refining margins. Lower contributions from BP's customers and products business also affected the results.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Shell PLC Unsponsored ADR (SHEL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
TFS Financial (TFSL) shares have started gaining and might continue moving higher in the near term, as indicated by solid earnings estimate revisions.
The Zacks Style Scores offers investors a way to easily find top-rated stocks based on their investing style. Here's why you should take advantage.
DVN's total revenues in the first quarter are better than expected. Strong production volumes from the Rockies region continue to boost the total production.
As PBR gears up to report Q1 earnings on May 12, let's find out how the expectations stack up. Also, know how to play the stock ahead of results.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Rediscovers Love For Magnificent 7 & Discusses These 11 Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cencora, Inc. (NYSE:COR) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer found his […]
(Bloomberg) -- China’s top securities regulator has become a surprising addition to the chorus of voices praising Warren Buffett, after the legendary investor announced his plan to step down as chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.Most Read from BloombergThe Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance CenterNYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee LawVail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNJ Transit Strike
ExxonMobil stock took a hit as crude oil prices plunged to nearly four-year lows in April.  The oil stock, however, made a sharp U-turn in April to give up all of those Q1 gains, and then some -- it fell 11.2% during the month, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  What triggered the reversal in ExxonMobil stock?
We came across a bullish thesis on Danaher Corporation (DHR) on Substack by Best Anchor Stocks. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on DHR. Danaher Corporation (DHR)’s share was trading at $196.71 as of May 1st. DHR’s trailing and forward P/E were 38.12 and 25.64 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Danaher recently reported a […]
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) on Wednesday inked a long-term offtake deal with Marubeni Corporation. As per the deal, Marubeni will purchase around 250,000 tonnes of low-carbon ammonia annually from ExxonMobil’s Baytown, Texas facility. This facility is projected to produce near carbon-free hydrogen, capturing approximately 98% of CO2, which will then be used to create low-carbon ammonia. Also Read: Chevron Vs. Exxon: Oil Giants Limp Into Q1 Earnings With Engines Stalling ExxonMobil’s plann
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.