Southwest Used to Be Safe From Some Gate-Check Complaints. That May Change.
2025-04-12 09:00
https://www.investopedia.com/southwest-used-to-be-safe-from-some-gate-check-complaints-that-may-change-11708656?.tsrc=rss
Shelby Knowles / Bloomberg via Getty ImagesSouthwest Airlines' long-running free bags policy has had a welcome side effect: Its fliers were less likely to complain about having to gate-check their carry-ons.But the airline's newest policies, which take effect late next month, could change that, since travelers who soon will have to pay for bags likely will be more inclined to battle for space in the overhead bins. That, in turn, could mean more grumbling from passengers who wonder why they're asked to check bags—then see bins that appear less-than-full once they board."We do expect a decrease in checked bags at the ticket counter," a Southwest spokesperson said in a statement provided toInvestopedia. "However, we are working to keep the travel experience seamless and as hassle free as possible for our customers and our employees."This is a common frustration with U.S. airlines. Delta Air Lines (DAL) passenger Karah Preiss posted her annoyance with the carrier on X last September, after she "was forced to gate check only to get on the plane and see a ton of empty overhead bins. Hate to have to wait for checked bag I didn't intend to check."1"Across the industry, boarding is the most consistent barrier to an on-time departure and the boarding process can be slowed down by customers needing extra time to store their bags due to lack of overhead storage," a Delta spokesperson said in a statement toInvestopedia. "We use optimization tools to predict when overhead storage will be full, and while sometimes customers are required to check their bags at the gate, it is always a last resort."I experienced this myself last fall after flying from New York to Boston. The gate agent announced that passengers in higher-numbered boarding groups would have to check carry-ons because there wouldn't be overhead bin space when it was their turn to get on the plane.I did as instructed, but when I approached my row near the back of the plane, there was plenty of space, including directly above my seat. I then had to wait nearly as long at baggage claim for my bag as I spent in the air.Why does this happen? Travel expert Gary Leff ofView From the Winghas written extensively about the topic over the years, saying that the issue is "one of the two most common airline complaints (after nicked luggage) that’s accompanied by photos."2Leff attributes part of the problem to agents who "don't want to gate check bagsat the last minutewhen it might delay the flight" by a few minutes; they'd rather check the bags pre-emptively, the thinking goes."There's little incentive to make sure customers can get on with their bags," Leff adds. "There's every incentive to avoid low ratings for delayed flights a gate agent is working."Up until now, Southwest Airlines (LUV) has avoided passenger scorn for this. That's because throughout its history, it has allowed two free checked bags.However, Southwest announced in March—following months of disputes with activist investor Elliott Investment Management—that it will be implementing radical changes, includingcharging for checked bags. Leff expects "carry-on confiscations" to pick up at the Dallas-based carrier.As such, Southwest may join its peers in getting tagged on social media posts when customers are forced to gate check their bags and then discover that there's plenty of overhead bin space—which could hit anyone from an everyday traveler to the occasional pro wrestler.3X Platform. "@Karahpreiss, 11:22 a.m. Sept. 2, 2024."View From the Wing. "Passengers Are Being Forced To Gate Check Bags—Even As Airlines Leave Overhead Bins Empty. Here’s Why It’s Getting Worse."X Platform. "@GoldenBoyGreg, 5:38 p.m. March 2, 2025."