Title: Arista Networks vs. Cisco_ Which Networking Stock is a Better Bet_
Date: 2025-04-15 15:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/arista-networks-vs-cisco-networking-150500178.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Arista Networks, Inc.ANET andCisco Systems, Inc.CSCO are two of the leading players in the global networking industry. Arista offers one of the broadest product lines of data center and campus Ethernet switches and routers in the industry. It provides routing and switching platforms with industry-leading capacity, low latency, port density and power efficiency.On the other hand, Cisco is the largest player in the networking space. The company has a strong presence in the router and switch market. It has retained a leadership position in WLAN and Ethernet switching and is rapidly expanding its presence in the network security domain. Cisco provides Next-Generation Network Routers that transport data, voice and video information from one IP network to another.With a diversified portfolio of cloud networking solutions for data centers and cloud computing environments, both Arista and Cisco have the wherewithal to cater to the evolving demands of business enterprises. Let us delve a little deeper into the companies’ competitive dynamics to understand which of the two is relatively better placed in the industry.
Arista holds a leadership position in 100-gigabit Ethernet switches and is increasingly gaining market traction in 200-and-400-gig high-performance switching products. It is witnessing solid demand trends among enterprise customers backed by its multi-domain modern software approach, which is built upon its unique and differentiating foundation, the single EOS (Extensible Operating System) and CloudVision stack. Arista has made several additions to its multi-cloud and cloud-native software product family with CloudEOS Edge. It has introduced new cognitive Wi-Fi software that delivers intelligent application identification, automated troubleshooting and location services. The versatility of Arista’s unified software stack across various use cases, including WAN routing and campus and data center infrastructure, sets it apart from other competitors in the industry.In addition to high capacity and easy availability, its cloud networking solutions promise predictable performance and programmability, enabling integration with third-party applications for network management, automation and orchestration. The company boasts a comprehensive portfolio with the right network architecture for client-to-campus data center cloud and AI (artificial intelligence) networking backed by three guiding principles. These include best-in-class, highly proactive products with resilience, zero-touch automation and telemetry with predictive client-to-cloud one-click operations with granular visibility and prescriptive insights for deeper AI algorithms. Arista should benefit from its software-driven, data-centric approach that helps customers build their cloud architecture and enhance the cloud experience they offer their clients.However, Arista remains plagued by high operating costs. Total operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased around 20% to $431.3 million, owing to a rise in headcount, new product introduction costs and higher variable compensation expenditures. Selling, general & administrative and R&D expenses increased at a CAGR of 23.1% from 2013 to 2023. Moreover, the redesigning of products and their supply chain mechanism has eroded margins. Although the company is witnessing increased demand, there are lingering supply bottlenecks for advanced products. Therefore, it is increasing orders for these components and trying to build up inventory, which is blocking working capital.
Cisco is expanding its Agentic AI footprint with the introduction of Webex AI Agent, Cisco AI Assistant for Webex Contact Center, Workflow Automation in Cisco AI Assistant for Webex, AI Capabilities in Webex Control Hub and Webex Calling Customer Assist. Its strategy of infusing AI across security and collaboration platforms and developing agentic capabilities across the portfolio is a key catalyst for improving customer experience. The launch of Renewals Agent, an Agentic AI-driven solution co-developed with Mistral, and a new Assistant to help customers digitize and de-risk Network Change Management have been noteworthy developments in this regard.Cisco is expanding its portfolio with the unveiling of AI factory architecture developed in collaboration withNVIDIA CorporationNVDA. In late February, Cisco inked an expanded partnership with NVIDIA, under which the companies plan to offer solutions that help build AI-ready data center networks. Cisco Secure AI Factory with NVIDIA is founded on the NVIDIA Spectrum-X Ethernet networking platform. The NVIDIA-based CSCO AI POD product, which comprises hardware and software, is gaining traction. The launch of 800 gig Nexus switches based on Cisco’s 51.2 terabit Silicon One chip is expected to drive orders from AI-based cloud customers.However, Cisco has been forced to offer discounts and deals in response to stiff competition from other players like Arista andJuniper Networks Inc.JNPR in the Ethernet switch and router market. Cisco’s competitors are revamping their product lines with faster and power-efficient products. Although the edge business remains strong, the competitive pressure at the core remains intense and is likely to hurt profitability. Moreover, Cisco’s near-term prospects are likely to suffer from declining new orders, hurting top-line growth.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Arista’s 2025 sales and EPS implies a year-over-year growth of 18% and 8.8%, respectively. The EPS estimates have been trending northward over the past 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Cisco’s 2025 sales implies a year-over-year growth of 4.9%, while that for EPS implies a decline of 0.3%. The EPS estimates have been trending northward over the past 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Over the past year, Arista has gained 12.1% compared with the industry’s growth of 7.3%. Cisco has gained 19.8% over the same period.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Cisco looks more attractive than Arista from a valuation standpoint. Going by the price/earnings ratio, Cisco’s shares currently trade at 14.76 forward earnings, significantly lower than 28.5 for Arista.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Arista carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), while Cisco carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Both companies expect their sales and profits to improve in 2025. Arista has shown steady revenue and EPS growth for years, while Cisco has been facing a bumpy road. However, with a superior Zacks Rank, better price performance and attractive valuation metrics, Cisco appears to be a better investment option at the moment.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Arista Networks, Inc. (ANET) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
AI data centers have been a fascinating and lucrative market corner in the last few years, sending many traditional industrial names, such as Vertiv Holdings (VRT), into the big leagues. Now sitting as one of the most direct plays on the infrastructure surrounding AI, it has become one of the key players in the cooling and thermal systems that keep this technology operational. However, with the share price up well over 607% in the last five years, investors would have good reason to question whe
We recently published a list of 10 Best Hardware Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arista Networks Inc (NYSE:ANET) stands against other best hardware stocks to buy now. Are the Tariffs Impacting PC Shipments? The computer hardware industry comprises personal computers, PC peripherals, storage devices, […]
Apple's main India suppliers Foxconn and Tata shipped nearly $2 billion worth of iPhones to the United States in March, an all-time high, as the U.S. company airlifted devices to bypass President Donald Trump's impending tariffs, customs data shows.  The smartphone maker stepped up production in India and chartered cargo flights to ferry 600 tons of iPhones to the United States to ensure sufficient inventory in one of its biggest markets on concern Trump's tariffs would push up costs.
Mag-7 stocks are in the deep correction zone now, and valuation is down to the pre-ChatGPT level. Although the group has fallen from grace, core strengths remain intact.
The Dow Jones and S&P 500 retreated Tuesday afternoon after rising earlier in the session. A rocket name surged on the stock market today.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Deciding to retire can feel a bit unnerving. Retirees have plenty to potentially worry about – some of which they have no control over – like how the market will perform and how fast prices at the supermarket will increase. But regardless of the economic environment, simple mistakes can prove costly for retirees. Here are […] The post A Successful Retirement May Hinge on Avoiding These Careless Mistakes appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.