Title: Nvidia Launches GeForce RTX 5060 GPU With Game-Changing AI Features
Date: 2025-04-15 17:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-launches-geforce-rtx-5060-170353173.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) introduced itsGeForce RTX 5060desktop GPUs on Tuesday, highlighting new AI-powered capabilities, including DLSS 4's Multi Frame Generation and the Blackwell architecture aimed at gamers and developers.
The Santa Clara-based company said the RTX 5060 Ti will be the first in the new lineup, launching April 16 in both 8GB and 16GB variants. The broader RTX 5060 family, including laptops, is scheduled to roll out in May across major OEMs in a range of designs as thin as 14.9mm.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA.
The Blackwell RTX architecture features updated hardware built to accelerate neural rendering, ray tracing, and AI workloads. DLSS 4's transformer-based AI model enables up to three additional frames per rendered frame, which Nvidia said can significantly improve performance and image quality in supported titles.
DLSS, short for Deep Learning Super Sampling, is a neural rendering technique that enhances frame rates and reduces latency by using AI-trained models. The technology is already integrated into more than 100 games and applications, with new ones being added weekly.
The release underscores Nvidia's push to deepen its foothold in AI-assisted gaming performance.
This article first appeared onGuruFocus.
Stocks were already slumping in March on weakening consumer sentiment and fears of an economic slowdown, but major indexes plummeted in April on President Donald Trump's tariff plan, which has sent a near-unprecedented wave of uncertainty washing over the market.  In the aftermath, a trade war with China has escalated, and while Trump's 90-day pause garnered cheers from the market, there is still plenty of uncertainty for business owners and investors.  On that note, let's take a look two tech stocks that look like great buys after falling substantially.
The Trump administration launched a trade probe into semiconductors that could lead to tariffs and broaden an already sweeping trade war. The Commerce Department is looking at how the importing of chips impacts national security. Mandeep Singh of Bloomberg Intelligence talks about how this could impact chip makers Nvidia and TSMC.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Blackstone (NYSE:BX) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing to […]
Mag-7 stocks are in the deep correction zone now, and valuation is down to the pre-ChatGPT level. Although the group has fallen from grace, core strengths remain intact.
The Dow Jones and S&P 500 retreated Tuesday afternoon after rising earlier in the session. A rocket name surged on the stock market today.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend.
Deciding to retire can feel a bit unnerving. Retirees have plenty to potentially worry about – some of which they have no control over – like how the market will perform and how fast prices at the supermarket will increase. But regardless of the economic environment, simple mistakes can prove costly for retirees. Here are […] The post A Successful Retirement May Hinge on Avoiding These Careless Mistakes appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.