Title: 3M's Safety Roadshow Brings Hands-On Learning to Students in Alabama, Arkansas and Missouri
Date: 2025-05-06 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3ms-safety-roadshow-brings-hands-140000801.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
NORTHAMPTON, MA / ACCESS Newswire / May 6, 2025 / Originally published on 3M News Center
When you come aboard 3M's Safety Roadshow - a 90-foot semitrailer equipped with hands-on training experiences from 3M's Personal Safety Division - the hum of robotics machinery and student chatter is unavoidable. That was the case at Joe T. Robinson High School, one of three stops in the Little Rock area this spring where more than 200 students eagerly took on roles as production managers, design engineers, assemblers, and quality control inspectors - all working feverously to create the perfect set of modeling clay "cookie" based on customer requirements.
That scene was part of 3M's recent engagements with the company's mobile training facility in communities where 3M manufacturing sites are located. The goal is to inspire students to pursue careers in STEM - science, technology, engineering, and mathematics - and the skilled trades.
The Safety Roadshow, which has been visiting training centers and customers in the U.S. and Canada for 11 years, expanded its reach to school districts for the first time this year.
"Opportunities with visits like this help open a world of possibilities for students while helping address the future workforce needs of our country," said Michelle Diggs, 3M's director of external community impact.
In sessions during each roadshow stop, students were grouped together and each took charge of different aspects of their simulated production line. A table-top robot analyzed their clay "cookies" to determine if they met the required standards, allowing students to tweak their creations until they achieved success.
"All jobs in a production process do their own things and collaborate to create one product," Madison Chang, a tenth grader in the school's Science and Technology pathway, told the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette after her session.
Markous Jewett, vice president of the Academies of Central Arkansas and the Little Rock Regional Chamber of Commerce, emphasized the importance of extending learning beyond classroom walls.
"These are things we wouldn't be able to do in a traditional classroom setting," he said. "We lean on our industry partners to provide their time, talent, and expertise."
The Safety Roadshow also introduced students to a wide range of personal protective equipment (PPE), including hard hats, eye and hearing protection, and respirators.
Stephanie Baum, sales training manager for PSD, highlighted the preventative nature of the exercise.
"If we can have those conversations before they're even entering the workforce, they can help educate and empower themselves and their coworkers," she said.
By bringing real-world insights and hands-on experiences to students, 3M aims to bridge the gap in STEM and skilled trades industries.
"Innovation isn't just about science," Baum added. "It's about looking at things differently and partnering with communities to teach in new ways."
While in Little Rock, 3M presented a check to the Pulaski County Special School District for $119,000, which included funds for strategic investments for the school system determined by students and administrators, funds from the 3M Little Rock "hometown giving" site budget for College Station Elementary School, and funds from the 3Mgives Little Rock Donors Choose classroom support budget for projects submitted by College Station Elementary teachers.
Earlier the same week, the Safety Roadshow visited the Career Academies of Decatur - a high school in Decatur, Alabama, established in 2024 as the first high school in north Alabama dedicated to STEM and skilled trades. More than 250 students took part in sessions similar to those in Little Rock, including problem-solving games where students had to unscramble terms to identify and appropriately dress a mannequin with correct PPE.
Also, while in Decatur, 3M donated $215,000 to the Decatur City Schools Foundation, which included seed and launch funding for the Career Academies' industrial maintenance program, and funding for districtwide after-school tutoring and food security assistance programs.
3M's Safety Roadshow will continue its stops throughout 2025, with student engagements planned for Indiana, Minnesota, and Texas.
View additional multimedia and more ESG storytelling from 3M on 3blmedia.com.
Contact Info:Spokesperson: 3MWebsite: https://www.3blmedia.com/profiles/3mEmail: info@3blmedia.com
SOURCE: 3M
View the original press release on ACCESS Newswire
Amid a strong foothold in the diversified operations market, which market player - MMM or HON - is a better pick now?
We recently published a list of Billionaire Mario Gabelli’s 10 Large-Cap Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) stands against Billionaire Mario Gabelli’s other large-cap stock picks with huge upside potential. Mario Gabelli needs no introduction, having risen to […]
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […]
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.