Title: Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is One of the Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires
Date: 2025-04-16 21:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-apple-inc-aapl-one-210846590.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires.
The US stock market is showing volatility after President Donald Trump’s recent announcement of sweeping 10% tariffs on all US trading partners and higher tariffs on countries with a trade deficit with the US.
Economists and investors believe President Trump’s tariff policies could potentially lead to a trade war with America’s trading partners, propelling inflation even higher. These two factors could plunge the US into an economic slowdown, and the markets could potentially sell off quickly if a recession materializes among its looming threats.
On April 10, CNBC reported that stock prices rose sharply a day before after declining for four days straight following President Trump’s announcement of a pause in a significant part of his tariff plan. The White House said that Democratic lawmakers were indulged in partisan games by inquiring if any stock market purchases conducted in recent days were undertaken with prior knowledge of the fact that President Trump would authorize a pause in his tariff plans. Trump announced higher tariffs on China even after he announced a 90-day pause for steeper-than-baseline rates for several other countries.
READ ALSO: 10 Best Medical Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires and 10 Best Organic Food Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires.
On April 11, Erica York, economist and the vice president of federal tax policy at the Tax Foundation’s Center for Federal Tax Policy, talked to CNBC’s “The Exchange” about the ongoing scenario and said that the imposition of around 145% total tariff on Chinese goods would result in a suspension of most trade between the US and China. She said:
“It depends on how narrowly the tariff is applied or how broadly it’s applied, but generally, if you get north of a triple-digit tariff, you are cutting off most trade.”
She further opined that:
“There may still be some things without any substitutes that companies just have to foot the bill, but for the most part, that cuts it off.”
The economist said that Trump’s new China tariffs, along with the others he implemented, would raise the average tariff rate to record highs the country hasn’t seen since the 1940s. The current market volatility has created numerous remarkable investment opportunities, so let’s look at the 15 best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires.
We reviewed financial media reports and ETFs to compile an initial list of blue chip stocks and selected stocks that have a 5-year revenue growth rate of at least 10%. We have also considered the popularity of these stocks among billionaire investors. These billionaires are founders or managers of some of the world’s leading hedge funds and companies. We also added the number of hedge fund holders for each stock as of fiscal Q4 2024, and sourced the hedge fund sentiment data from Insider Monkey’s database.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A wide view of an Apple store, showing the range of products the company offers.
Number of Billionaire Investors: 21
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 166
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) designs, manufactures, and sells smartphones, personal computers, wearables, accessories, and related products and services worldwide. The company’s stock is facing turbulence and skepticism after Trump imposed 125% tariffs on China, which is where much of Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) products come from.
Morgan Stanley analyst Erik Woodring released a note on April 10, speculating that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) could experience a $7 billion to $8 billion drop on next year’s iPhone sales even if the company manages to reroute around 60% of its production to India. The analyst maintained an overweight rating on the stock and set a one-year price target of $220 per share, based on the expectations that it would route around 50% of the tariff costs to suppliers, lowering the effect on its EPS.
Apart from these circumstances, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) holds a significant premium brand and market position, supported by highly in-demand hardware devices. It is also a financially sound company, generating a notable $36.3 billion in net income in fiscal Q1 2025, resulting in a sizable free cash flow. Analysts are bullish on the stock, and its median price target of $198.15 implies an upside of 26.17% from current levels.
Overall, AAPL ranks 13th on our list of the best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential for AAPL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AAPL but trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Carvana Co. (NYSE:CVNA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer addressed growing concerns in the market as tensions between the United […]
We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US stock market […]
Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) stock returned 30% in 2024, peaking around $259 per share in late December.  Factors contributing to that upside included strong sales growth in the services business and excitement about new artificial intelligence (AI) features.  President Trump on April 2 outlined an aggressive slate of reciprocal tariffs that would take the average tax on U.S. imports to its highest level in a century.
President Trump’s tariffs have overshadowed Applied Materials (AMAT) stock, stirring up short-term headaches for the semiconductor equipment titan. Despite a recent rebound, shares trade ~30% below their 52-week highs, with the decline somewhat justified. Indeed, higher costs and global trade tensions could dent the company’s near-term prospects. Still, the effort to restore chip manufacturing to U.S. soil promises a lucrative payoff in the long run. Given this narrative and AMAT’s unmatched rol
Within the largest companies in the sector, the players least affected by China risk are Alphabet and Meta Platforms.
(Bloomberg) -- California Governor Gavin Newsom sued to halt Donald Trump’s tariffs, setting up a high-stakes legal challenge to the president’s landmark effort to overhaul global trade. Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedDOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on LeaveLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe state is
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Simple tools are often the best when it comes to researching growth stocks. To speed up your analysis, use the Composite Rating.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
