Title: The trade war prompted Delta to pull its guidance. One analyst warns more companies could follow.
Date: 2025-04-09 17:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-trade-war-prompted-delta-to-pull-its-guidance-one-analyst-warns-more-companies-could-follow-174134357.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season As tariffs spark worries of a global recession against the backdrop of earnings season this week, Wall Street is bracing for companies to either revise their guidance or, worse — pull it altogether. Delta (DAL), the first airline out of the gate with first quarter results on Wednesday, did not affirm its full-year forecast, citing headwinds from the economic uncertainty surrounding the trade war. "They pulled their guidance, which I think we're going to see a lot of in this earnings season because the reality is that everything is so policy dependent, and companies aren't going to be able to provide high conviction guidance," said Michael Kantrowitz, Piper Sandler's chief investment officer. Kantrowitz said first quarter performance will be “old news” for investors coming into this earnings season as they try to evaluate how much a stock is worth. The market is coming in with "super low expectations" and will be looking for early signs of any impact from escalating tariffs on corporate earnings. "The issue with valuation is that if the earnings outlook is uncertain — and it is literally getting more uncertain by the day — then you can't really trust that valuation," Kantrowitz said. In an interview with Yahoo Finance Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian noted that "the level of uncertainty that we're facing coming out of the global trade discussions and skirmishes is a bit unprecedented." He said that the company has a "pretty good line of sight" for the next 60 to 90 days. But "beyond that, it's a bit murky. And it would not be responsible to try to give an estimate in light of such uncertainty.” Meanwhile, on Wednesday morning Walmart (WMT) reaffirmed its full-year profit outlook and first quarter sales growth. But the retail giant said the range for possible operating profit growth outcomes for the quarter had widened because of tariffs. The company didn't specify by how much, but in February it estimated an increase of 0.5% to 2%. "The range of outcomes for Q1 operating income growth has widened due to less favorable category mix, higher casualty claims expense and the desire to maintain flexibility to invest in price as tariffs are implemented," Walmart noted in a press release on Wednesday morning.  Shares of the retailer jumped 5% on Wednesday during a market rebound. "What I'm going to be looking for in the earnings season is maybe less about what companies are saying and more how are these stocks act, especially some of these ones that have been really beaten up in retail or some of these areas that really have been walloped," Truist co-chief investment officer Keith Lerner told Yahoo Finance. If a company cuts guidance but its shares move higher, it may signal that the bad news is already priced in, added Lerner. Stocks are down sharply since President Trump revealed sweeping tariffs against US trading partners on April 2. While most investors were hoping for the levies to be walked back by now, they’ve only escalated. On Wednesday China announced 84% tariffs on US-made goods in reaction to the White House’s 104% levies slapped on Chinese-made goods. Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet "Combined with uncertainty about retaliation, lower consumer sentiment, lower corporate sentiment, and the negative wealth effect of the $10 trillion decline in the stock market, we continue to worry about downside risks to markets and the economy," Torsten Sløk, Apollo chief economist, wrote in a note on Wednesday. (Disclosure: Yahoo Finance is owned by Apollo Global Management.) Big bank earnings slated for Friday will mark the unofficial start to earnings season, with JPMorgan (JPM), BlackRock (BLK), Wells Fargo (WFC), and Morgan Stanley (MS) all set to release results. Ines Ferre is a Senior Business Reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @ines_ferre. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance RH is now 78% off of its all-time high. Las Vegas (Reuters) -Alphabet reiterated on Wednesday it would spend about $75 billion this year to build out data center capacity, doubling down on its generative AI bet even as the payoff remains unclear and a global trade war threatens to raise costs.  The investment would fund the chips and servers needed to burnish its core offerings, including Search, while supporting the development of AI services such as its Gemini model, CEO Sundar Pichai said at the annual conference for Google's cloud computing unit.  Alphabet's shares closed nearly 10% higher on Wednesday amid a big upward swing in markets after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower the hefty duties he had just imposed on dozens of countries, while further ramping up tariff pressure on China. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Your mid-fifties is a good time to do a retirement check. To be clear, you should always have at least one eye on retirement. This isn't something to ever forget entirely. But most of the time, that means nothing more than making sure your annual contributions go through in-full, on-time and to the right places, […] The post What’s a Realistic Retirement Budget? I’m 55 With $490k Saved, Making $80,000 Annually. appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
