Title: Delta Eyes $2B Q2 Profit Even as Domestic Travel Slows
Date: 2025-04-09 20:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-eyes-2b-q2-profit-201414205.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) is aiming for a rebound in the second quarter, forecasting pre-tax income between $1.5 billion and $2 billion, along with double-digit operating margins even as signs of a tougher economic backdrop weigh on domestic demand. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Sign with DAL. In its Q1 earnings call, CEO Ed Bastian reported pre-tax earnings of $382 million, or $0.46 per share, with revenue reaching $13 billion a 3.3% year-over-year increase and a record for the March quarter. Free cash flow came in at $1.3 billion, while operating margin stood at 5%. Still, the airline noted challenges on the home front, particularly in Main Cabin and corporate bookings. International travel and high-margin areas like Premium and Loyalty remained strong, helping offset softer U.S. performance. To protect margins, Delta plans to hold capacity flat in the second half of 2025 and trim domestic Main Cabin seat availability to match demand. Nonfuel unit costs rose 2.6% in Q1 but came in better than expected, according to CFO Dan Janki. Delta also repaid $530 million in debt, with gross leverage now at 2.6 times. Management said international bookings especially for summer are looking solid, and spending from American Express partnerships rose 13% to $2 billion. While analysts voiced concern about domestic weakness bleeding into international and premium markets, Delta leadership remained confident. They emphasized cost discipline and flexibility, acknowledging the uncertainty but standing by their strategy. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. Delta Air Lines Inc. withdrew its full-year financial guidance due to uncertainty surrounding global trade as it reported first-quarter results. While Delta still anticipates a profit in 2025, it declined to reaffirm the forecast issued in January. Dani Burger reports on Bloomberg Television. Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) kicked off earnings season with a whimper, but the airline's relatively benign outlook was far better than some investors had anticipated.  The results provided a lift to the entire sector, with carriers including Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) up as much as 5.3% at the open.  The stocks gave back some of those gains as the morning continued, but Southwest was still up 2% as of 11 a.m. ET. Delta Air Lines scraps its full-year guidance Wednesday and warns ‘growth has largely stalled’ amid global economic uncertainty. Travel stocks soared Wednesday afternoon after President Trump announced a 90-day pause on most of the sweeping tariffs that have been weighing on the stock market for the last week. The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Spotify (SPOT) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock? Walgreens also withdrew its 2025 financial guidance, citing the pending take-private deal, which is expected to close by the end of the year. KDP remains positioned for long-term growth, supported by its diversified portfolio, strong brand equity, and disciplined approach to innovation and execution. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
