Title: Delta Beats Q1 Earnings & Revenue Estimates, Withdraws FY25 View
Date: 2025-04-09 16:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-beats-q1-earnings-revenue-162500034.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Delta Air Lines DAL reported first-quarter 2025 earnings (excluding 9 cents from non-recurring items) of 46 cents per share, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 40 cents. Earnings increased 2.2% on a year-over-year basis due to low fuel costs. Find latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar. Quarterly earnings were within the range provided by Delta last month. We remind investors that the airline trimmed its earnings per share and revenue outlook in March, citing economic uncertainties and the resultant reduction in consumer and corporate confidence, which hurt domestic air travel demand. Revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.04 billion, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $13.81 billion and increasing 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted operating revenues (excluding third-party refinery sales) increased 3.3% year over year to $13 billion. Acknowledging that growth has stalled due to the tariff-induced uncertainty, DAL decided against reaffirming its 2025 financial guidance.  Management stated that it would provide an update later in the year as visibility improves.   To combat the weak demand scenario, DAL reduced planned capacity growth in the second half of 2025 to flat year over year. This move is aimed at protecting margins and avoiding lowering fares.   Delta Air Lines price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Delta Air Lines, Inc. Quote Passenger revenues, which accounted for 81.8% of total revenues, increased 3% year over year at $11.48 billion, missing our estimate of $11.58 billion. Domestic passenger revenues inched up by merely 1% year over year. The marginal increase was attributable to the tariff-induced slowdown in domestic air travel demand. International passenger revenues were boosted by the buoyant demand for long-haul travel. Cargo revenues improved 17% year over year to $208 million, which surpassed our estimate of $185.4 million. Other revenues decreased 4% to $2.35 billion, beating our estimate of $2.28 billion. Adjusted operating margin was 4.6% in the first quarter of 2025 compared with 5.1% a year ago. Below, we present all figures (in percentage terms) in comparison with first-quarter 2024 results. Revenue passenger miles (a measure of air traffic) increased 3% to 55.67 billion. Capacity (measured in available seat miles) expanded 4% to 68.4 billion. The load factor (percentage of seats filled by passengers) decreased 130 basis points to 81.4%, below our estimate of 83%. Passenger revenue per available seat mile declined 1% to 16.78 cents. Passenger mile yield was flat at 20.62 cents. On an adjusted basis, total revenue per available seat mile inched down 1% to 18.97 cents. Total operating expenses, including special items, increased 3% to $13.47 billion. Salaries and related costs rose 8% to $4.1 billion. This increase was due to higher wages stemming from the contract with pilots that was ratified in 2023. Fuel gallons consumed jumped 5% to $976 million. Average fuel price per gallon (adjusted) fell 11% to $2.45. Non-fuel unit cost (adjusted or CASM-Ex) increased 2.6% to 14.44 cents. DAL exited the first quarter of 2025 with cash and cash equivalents of $3.71 billion compared with $3.87 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2024. The company had an adjusted net debt of $16.9 billion at the end of the March quarter, a reduction of $1.1 billion from the 2024-end. Adjusted operating cash flow in the March quarter was $2.4 billion, with gross capital expenditures and free cash flow of $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. Delta Air Lines, currently carrying a Zack Rank #3 (Hold), expects second-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share in the $1.7-$2.3 band. The Zacks Consensus Estimate is currently pegged at $2.62 per share. The adjusted operating margin is expected in the 11-14% band. Revenues on an adjusted basis are expected to either fall 2% or increase upto 2% year over year. Investors interested in the Zacks Transportation-Airline industry may consider better-ranked stocks like Ryanair Holdings RYAAY and Southwest Airlines LUV. Both stocks currently carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. RYAAY’s earnings outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in two of the trailing four quarters and missed twice, delivering an average beat of 44.5%. Ryanair has reported impressive traffic numbers over the past few months. LUV has an expected earnings growth rate of 71.9% for 2025. Revenues in the current year are expected to grow 5.2% from 2024 actuals. Southwest Airlines has an encouraging track record for earnings surprise, having surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in three of the trailing four quarters (missing the mark on the other occasion). The average beat is 58.6%. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Ryanair Holdings PLC (RYAAY) : Free Stock Analysis Report Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Southwest Airlines Co. (LUV) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Oil prices swung wildly on Wednesday, sinking to a four-year low in anticipation of slowing economic growth due to a burgeoning trade war, before jumping 2% after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on most of his tariffs.  U.S. benchmark crude followed U.S. markets higher in the afternoon rising 2%, or $1.20, to $60.79 per barrel after the latest reversal by the Trump administration.  Energy prices mostly have been in decline since Trump's inauguration in January, with the cost of a barrel of oil sliding about $20 since the start of the year. Delta Air Lines Inc. withdrew its full-year financial guidance due to uncertainty surrounding global trade as it reported first-quarter results. While Delta still anticipates a profit in 2025, it declined to reaffirm the forecast issued in January. Dani Burger reports on Bloomberg Television. A well-established global footprint, diversified product portfolio and ability to penetrate different markets are key growth drivers for IDCC. (Bloomberg) -- With crude prices plunging below $60 a barrel, consumers who count fuel as their single biggest expense are rushing to lock in supplies. More than 25 million barrels of options contracts on the Brent benchmark traded in structures that protect buyers from price gains this week. The activity reflected consumer hedging that allows airlines, truckers and shipping companies to lock in lower fuel costs, according to people involved in the market. Industrial consumers of oil often use d Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
