Title: Oil slides with glut expectations and trade war souring outlook
Date: 2025-04-16 06:42:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-steadies-glut-expectations-trade-002035799.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) — Oil fell for a second day as wider markets turned lower and expectations increased for a glut because of the escalating trade war between the world’s two biggest economies. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing Brent crude (BZ=F) traded near $64 a barrel, with West Texas Intermediate (CL=F) dropping below $61. Concerns over global oil demand worsened after Beijing swapped its chief trade envoy and said that relying on domestic consumption was insufficient to spur growth. In wider markets, warnings by ASML Holdings NV and Nvidia Corp. on the effects of tariffs weighed on US equity futures. China’s downbeat outlook came as Beijing replaced its chief international trade negotiator in a closely watched appointment as traders try to anticipate any possible shifts in China’s stance toward Washington. The shuffle came after President Donald Trump insisted on Tuesday that the ball was in Beijing’s court to start negotiations with Washington. “While we may have seen a peak in headline tariff rates, the intensifying standoff between the US and China is casting a long shadow over global demand expectations,” said Charu Chanana, chief investment strategist for Saxo Markets Pte. “The uncertainty around retaliatory measures and supply chain disruptions is weighing on risk appetite and, in turn, on the oil market.” Crude remains near the lowest in four years, after a sharp drop earlier this month brought about by an onslaught of tariffs and counter-levies between the US and its biggest trading partners. Washington on Tuesday launched a probe into the need for import taxes on critical minerals, while struggling to bridge trade differences this week with the European Union as White House officials said the bulk of the US tariffs imposed on the bloc won’t be removed. Meanwhile, the International Energy Agency on Tuesday slashed its forecasts for global oil consumption this year, and said that supply additions are likely to be more than enough to satisfy demand. The industry-funded American Petroleum Institute reported US nationwide crude inventories rose by 2.4 million barrels last week, which would be the third consecutive advance if confirmed by official data later Wednesday. However, the report indicated declines at the oil storage hub in Cushing, Oklahoma, and in fuel inventories. To get Bloomberg’s Energy Daily newsletter in your inbox, click here. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo'sTermsandPrivacy Policy (Bloomberg) -- Gold rose to a fresh high as US President Donald Trump ordered a probe that could open up a new front in the global trade war, sparking another retreat from equities and a move toward haven assets.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBullion gained as much LONDON (Reuters) -Heineken reported forecast-beating first-quarter sales on Wednesday and maintained its annual guidance but warned of ongoing volatility caused by uncertainty about the levels and scope of global tariffs.  Shares in the world's second-largest brewer by global volumes rose 2.8% in early trade as investors welcomed another quarter of delivery after Heineken cheered investors with its 2024 performance in February.  Some shareholders have in the past criticised Heineken for volatility in its results. Inflation eased back last month, paving the way for interest rate cuts as economists said “Storm Donald” would limit price rises but hurt growth. SINGAPORE—-China’s economy got a boost in the first quarter from a rush of exports to the U.S. ahead of stiff new tariffs, but growth is set to slow as the trade war between Washington and Beijing heats up.  How serious that slowdown will get depends on how successful Chinese exporters are at finding new markets for goods shut out of the U.S. by sky-high new tariffs.  It also depends on how big a boost to spending Beijing can generate at home to offset weakness overseas. Xiaomi does not plan to showcase its upcoming YU7 electric SUV at China's largest auto show next week, deflating widespread anticipation among visitors keen to catch a glimpse of the would-be challenger to Tesla's Model Y.  Xiaomi's Vice President Li Xiaoshuang said the company would only take its SU7 and SU7 Ultra vehicles to the Shanghai auto show on social media platform Weibo on Tuesday.  Asked by users about the YU7 at the show, he said it would not be featured. (Bloomberg) -- Technology stocks fell as new US government restrictions on the export of Nvidia Corp. chips to China and a disappointing report from Dutch chip-equipment maker ASML Holding NV fanned trade war concerns.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingPresident Donald (Reuters) -ASML, the world's biggest supplier of computer chip-making equipment, said on Wednesday that tariffs were increasing uncertainty around its outlook for 2025 and 2026, but stood by its annual guidance as the race for AI rages on.  CEO Christophe Fouquet said his conversations with customers supported ASML's expectations that 2025 and 2026 would be growth years.  "However, the recent tariff announcements have increased uncertainty in the macro environment," Fouquet said in a statement. China's first-quarter economic growth outstripped expectations, underpinned by solid consumption and industrial output, but analysts fear momentum could shift sharply lower as U.S. tariffs pose the biggest risk to the Asian powerhouse in decades.  President Donald Trump has ratcheted up tariffs on Chinese goods to eye-watering levels, prompting Beijing to slap retaliatory duties on U.S. imports that have raised the stakes for the world's two biggest economies and rattled financial markets.  Data on Wednesday showed China's gross domestic product (GDP) grew 5.4% in the January-March quarter from a year earlier, unchanged from the fourth quarter, but beat analysts' expectations in a Reuters poll for a rise of 5.1%. Nvidia did not warn at least some major customers in advance about new U.S. export rules it was told about a week ago requiring it to obtain licenses to sell its China-focused artificial intelligence chip, according to two sources familiar with the matter.  The U.S. chipmaker disclosed on Tuesday that American officials had informed the company on April 9 that its H20 chip would require an export license for sales to China.  The move to restrict H20 shipments marks Washington's latest effort to limit China's access to advanced semiconductors, as the United States seeks to maintain its edge in AI technology. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks on the Move. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks on the move. Market uncertainty aside, the AI race is tighter than ever. A report by Stanford University’s Institute for Human-Centered AI (HAI) […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.