Title: Apple, oil futures, bank stocks_ Market Minute
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 17-19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-oil-futures-bank-stocks-171938467.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Josh Lipton goes over some of the top trending stories on this segment of Market Minute.
Apple (AAPL) stock rebounds after previous losses, though shares are down over 20% over the past five days.
Oil futures (CL=F) are sliding due to the escalating trade war as China announced retaliatory tariffs of 84% on US goods, effective April 10th.
Bank stocks, including JPMorgan (JPM), Wells Fargo (WFC), and Citigroup (C) are under pressure after JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon warned that a US recession is likely.
Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute.
It's time for Yahoo Finance's market minute. US stocks undergo another volatile session as trade tensions escalate. Apple shares rising as the tech trade attempts a comeback here. The move higher comes after heavy selling in the sector in prior sessions. However, shares of Apple still down more than 20% over the past 5 days. Oil futures, meanwhile, are sliding amid rising tariff conflict. China announcing retaliatory tariffs of 84% on US goods in response to Trump's levies that took effect. Chinese tariffs take effect on April 10th. Lastly, bank stocks are under pressure as JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says a US recession is now a likely outcome. Diamond saying on Fox Business that the economy is likely headed toward recession amid Trump's tariffs and negative market reactions. And that's your Yahoo Finance market minute. For more on what's trending on Yahoo Finance, scan the QR code below to track the best and worst performing stocks of the session.
Shares of the consumer tech giant Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) had blasted over 11% higher, as of 1:55 p.m. ET today, after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on higher tariff rates for most countries and a universal 10% tariff base during the pause, citing progress on negotiations, according to CNBC.  The rebound follows one of Apple's worst four-day stretches of trading since 2000.  President Trump's surprising tariff announcements last week sent Apple shares into freefall.
Apple has tried to appease the Trump administration to no avail. It has one move left: surcharges on iPhones, attaching them directly to the cost of tariffs.
Let's find out which auto insurer is a safe investment option, PGR or ALL.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Insurance Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Allstate Corporation (NYSE:ALL) stands against the other insurance stocks held by hedge funds. The insurance stocks have done better in 2025 despite the losses from […]
Amrita Sen, director of research at Energy Aspects, explains the factors that will continue to push oil prices lower this year.
Greg Lyons, who left the beverage giant late last month, will join the sandwich chain on the tail of a recent creative agency switch-up.
This is what could happen next to Apple shares.
Both C and WFC's progress with strategic initiatives to unlock growth looks encouraging. Read on to know which is a better investment option now.
As bank-earnings season begins Friday with JPMorgan, investors care more about the outlook than prior results.
XOM, SHEL, RES, EQNR and MTDR emerge as the energy headline makers during the week.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
