Title: JPMorgan's Dimon says US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 14-40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorgans-dimon-says-us-recession-now-a-likely-outcome-144055331.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon called a US recession a "likely outcome" amid the turmoil triggered by President Trump's tariffs and warned that a negative market reaction to trade policies "could get worse if we don't make some progress."
The boss of the largest US bank went a step further than how he described the ultimate economic outcome in his annual shareholder letter Monday, where he stopped short of predicting a recession even as he noted tariffs could lead to both short-term inflation and slower growth.
When asked Wednesday on Fox Business Network's "Mornings with Maria" if he expects a recession, Dimon said "I am going to defer to my company, but I think probably that's a likely outcome."
JPMorgan's own chief US economist, Michael Feroli, became the first major Wall Street bank researcher last week to predict a 2025 recession, attributing his call to "the weight of the tariffs."
Dimon discussed other possible outcomes of the unfolding chaos, including stress among bank borrowers. When asked Wednesday whether he was seeing a rising number of companies default on their loans, Dimon said, "Not yet, but I expect them."
"If you have rates going up a little bit, and inflation is sticky, and credit spreads are gapping out, which they're going to, I think you'll see more credit problems than people have seen in a long time," he added.
More clues on how JPMorgan could be affected may come on Friday as the bank reports its first quarter earnings.
The signs of stress on Wall Street have been mounting. IPOs and mergers were put on the shelf. Leverage loan deals were shoved to the sidelines. Bond sales were paused.
US Treasury yields have also spiked this week, a development that Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent attributed to "some very large leveraged players" that are experiencing losses but said it is “nothing systemic."
Bessent, also appearing on "Mornings with Maria," said of the chaos in the bond market that "this is one of those de-leveraging convulsions” that happen but added, "I believe that there is nothing systemic about this."
"I think that it is an uncomfortable but normal de-leveraging that’s going on in the bond market."
Dimon on Wednesday did offer some support for the larger goals of President Trump to make trade better for the US.
"It is perfectly reasonable for someone to say trade was unfair," he said.
Within the hour, the president applauded the comment with a post from his Truth Social account, saying, "'Fixing Trade and Tariffs is a good thing!'" — attributing the phrase to Dimon.
But Dimon also urged the administration to make some progress on negotiations with other countries as a way of calming the market.
"It's not over yet," Dimon said. "I'm taking a calm view, but I think it could get worse if we don't make some progress here."
Every nation is weighing a response to US tariffs, he noted, just as every public company over the next 60-day earnings reporting period will need to share updated guidance for how they think tariffs could impact their results going forward.
"People are going to get angry," he said. The best thing now is to “take a deep breath [and] negotiate some trade deals,” Dimon said, adding that trade deals are "very large and very complex, and can't be done overnight."
David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Falling stock prices can filter through to the wider economy, even to those who don’t own a penny in stocks.
The core consumer price index came in much cooler than expected in March, easing to a four-year low, while initial claims for jobless benefits rose less than expected last week.  After the CPI data, S&P 500 futures remained sharply lower following yesterday's explosive rally.  With President Trump's 90-day reprieve on reciprocal tariffs above 10% — except for China — markets pulled back from the brink of instability.
Wall Street reacts to president Trump's surprising move on tariffs.
(Bloomberg) -- Wall Street has gotten its way for decades, Scott Bessent argued Wednesday morning, declaring “It’s Main Street’s turn.” Then Wall Street had its best day in 16 years.Hours after the Treasury secretary’s full-throated defense of Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day” tariffs, the president embraced an idea pushed by billionaire hedge funder Bill Ackman: Pause the levies for 90 days, rather than — as Ackman put it — risking a “self-induced, economic nuclear winter.”For days, Ackman’s prop
After a rip-roaring rally yesterday, stocks resumed their sell-off today, as unrest about tariffs and U.S.-Chinese relations once again found the spotlight.  Shares of JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) traded roughly 4% lower.  Shares of Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) and Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) had fallen roughly 4.6% and 5.7%, respectively.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said on Wednesday that sweeping tariffs imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump will probably lead to a recession and defaults by borrowers, he told Fox Business’ "Mornings with Maria" program.  Dimon urged fast progress on trade negotiations with U.S. trading partners in order to calm markets, which have been roiled by tariff announcements.  "I hope what they really do is ... get those things done quickly," he said, referring to trade negotiations between U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent and other nations.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
