51-Year-Old Making $4,970 a Month In Dividends Shares His Top 6 Stocks, Aims To 'Create Generational
2025-04-30 17-15
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/51-old-making-4-970-171522626.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dividend stocks are gaining ground as investors scramble to safeguard their portfolios amid the ongoing US-China trade war. Jared Hoff, a senior portfolio manager at Federated Hermes, said while talking to The Wall Street Journal that dividend stocks are seeing a surge in demand, reversing the trend of the past couple of years when demand for risk-averse investments was low.
Don't Miss:
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
Can you guess how many retire with a $5,000,000 nest egg? The percentage may shock you.
A few days ago, a dividend investor shared his income report and holdings on r/Dividends — a community of income investors with over 700,000 followers. The portfolio details shared by the investor showed his monthly dividend income was roughly $4,973. The investor said he had about $1.2 million in cash equivalents, like certificates of deposit and money market funds, with paid-off house and cars.
The investor, who plans to retire in three years, said he had “ignored” dividend stocks until recently but began shifting into income-generating investments following the recent market pullback.
"I don't want to lose the growth aspect of my portfolio as I want to see it continue to grow," he wrote. "We plan to use the nearly $5000 monthly dividend income as of today and reinvest the dividends for the next 8.5 years."
Trending: The secret weapon in billionaire investor portfolios that you almost certainly don't own yet. See which asset class has outpaced the S&P 500 (1995-2024) – and with near-zero correlation.
The investor said his portfolio was down about 12.5% in 2025 as of the time of his post. He sold tech equities where he had already secured "huge" gains to pile into dividend stocks.
"We have five kids aged 17-23 and the goal was to create generational wealth for them and their future families," he added.
JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF
JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF (NASDAQ:JEPQ) is a high-yield covered call ETF that distributes monthly dividend income. The ETF invests in Nasdaq companies and generates extra income by selling call options.
NEOS S&P 500 High Income ETF 
The NEOS S&P 500 High Income ETF (CBOE: SPYI) is a high-yield covered call ETF that pays monthly dividend income. It invests in some of the top S&P 500 companies and generates extra income by selling call options on stocks, generating extra premium income for shareholders. SPYI has a distribution rate of more than 12%.
Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund ETF
Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund ETF (NASDAQ:BND) was among the top bond ETFs in the portfolio. The fund provides exposure to the investment-grade U.S. dollar-denominated bond market and pays monthly.
See Also: Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm — invest pre-IPO from $0.60 per share now.
Broadcom
Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) has a dividend yield of about 1.2%. The stock is down 17% this year amid broader market volatility and tariffs on semiconductors. Earlier this month, Oppenheimer called Broadcom one of its top picks in the semiconductor space.
JPMorgan Chase
JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) has a dividend yield of 2.3%. The banking giant's shares are up 8% over the past six months. Recently, JPMorgan reported first-quarter earnings that beat Wall Street estimates. Revenue rose 9.7% year over year in the period.
Home Depot
Home Depot (NYSE:HD) has a dividend yield of 2.5%. The stock is down 8% this year. The company's CEO, Edward Decker, was among the CEOs of major retailers who met with President Donald Trump earlier this month to discuss the impact of tariffs on their companies.
Read Next:
If You're Age 35, 50, or 60: Here’s How Much You Should Have Saved Vs. Invested By Now
Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets – with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share!
Image: Shutterstock
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report
TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article 51-Year-Old Making $4,970 a Month In Dividends Shares His Top 6 Stocks, Aims To 'Create Generational Wealth For Kids And Their Families' originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Michael Platt’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Reddit Inc. (NYSE:RDDT) stands against other billionaire Michael Platt’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Michael Platt is the co-founder and CEO of BlueCrest Capital Management, which was […]
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Prices of dividend stocks tend to be less volatile than stocks that don't pay dividends.  Philip Morris International is well-positioned for continued growth.  Dominion Energy dividend at its current price yields 5%, and the utility is seeing rapid growth in demand from the data center market.
Republic Services, a business providing recycling and waste solutions, has grown steadily over the years and is resistant to economic downturns.  Duolingo offers language-learning education via its platform with courses in over 40 languages, and has seen its revenue and free cash flow surge higher in the last several years.  President Donald Trump's "Liberation Day" tariffs have triggered a wave of pessimism across stock markets.
A Republican tax and budget bill would make major changes to the federal student loan program. Here's what it proposes.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Michael Platt’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where GEO Group, Inc. (NYSE:GEO) stands against other billionaire Michael Platt’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Michael Platt is the co-founder and CEO of BlueCrest Capital Management, which […]
We recently published a list of Billionaire Cliff Asness’ 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) stands against other billionaire Cliff Asness’ stock picks with huge upside potential. Cliff Asness, the founder, managing principal, and chief investment officer of AQR Capital […]
Markets were slipping lower ahead of Wednesday’s open, with S&P 500 futures down 0.7%, the Nasdaq down 1%, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average off about 0.2%.
Stephanie Link, the Chief Investment Strategist and Equity Portfolio Manager at Hightower Advisors, yesterday said on CNBC that Meta Platforms (META) is “definitely derisked” heading into its first-quarter results which are due to be reported today after the market closes. Link, who frequently appears on CNBC, believes that Meta’s extremely large user base and low […]
Payments and fintech companies are targeting growth, often by harnessing technology, with their recent executive appointments.