Title: Big banks were counting on American prosperity, but volatility works too_ Morning Brief
Date: 2025-04-16 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/big-banks-were-counting-on-american-prosperity-but-volatility-works-too-morning-brief-100049217.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you can sign up to receive in your inbox every morning along with: The chart of the day What we're watching What we're reading Economic data releases and earnings The American growth trade as we know it — juiced by AI might, hopes of a soft landing, and coming deregulation — may have fallen away. But an outgrowth of shifting tariff policies has sparked another lucrative exchange on Wall Street: the volatility trade. A surge in trading activity has shuttled billions of dollars to the nation’s largest banks as investors have attempted to protect their money or deploy it in the face of market gyrations. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        
 Earnings reports from the big five banks in recent days revealed they collectively raked in nearly $37 billion in trading revenue this past quarter, touting record sales from equities changing hands. Warren Buffett famously urged investors to “be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful.” A corollary for the financial institutions facilitating those trades is to sit back in any environment and collect fees. Wall Street wants stocks to go up, sure, but most importantly, it just wants stocks to move. The big banks' trading may mostly be for hedge funds, pensions, and large companies — big institutional investors. But everyone's rolling up their sleeves at the volatility and tinkering with their portfolios, looking to optimize or take advantage of the moment. As my colleague Josh Schafer reports, everybody's trading. Dip-buying flows following the week of “Liberation Day” reached record levels, according to data from VandaTrack, including $3 billion in net purchases on April 3. That was the largest daily total since VandaTrack began collecting the data in 2014. Buying at recent lows and FOMO trading explained much of the heightened activity. But another interpretation is that an entire class of retail investor has been trained to throw their cash into stocks in a continuation of a pandemic-era shift in personal finance. You are probably better off not looking at your diminished 401(k) account when the market is convulsing. But pushing an order on a trading app has become something of a pastime for an increasingly large American demographic, the foundation for group chats among young people, and the basis for an entire genre of aspirational lifestyle content. That big banks' big shot clients are doing this too is a great "stars, they're just like us" moment. But it's also part and parcel of the same volatility that's been a hallmark of the 2025 stock market and a lesson in the importance of a diversified portfolio of banks' business lines. That these banks can up their profitability amid economic uncertainty and a lack of an anticipated IPO boom isn’t unique to volatile trading. A similar dynamic was at play earlier this year, when a major market narrative was whether the Fed would continue to ease rates. (The Fed cut rates in September, November, and December but has since paused.) Further rate cuts would have curtailed banks’ lending margins, which were supercharged by the central bank’s years-long tightening campaign. But the big banks could have done just fine in a low-rate environment because they can lean on other commercial operations to cover revenue losses elsewhere. The diversified nature of financial services allows the nation's biggest banks to profit even when the outlook grows darker. It's not clear how the American exceptionalism trade will unfold in the months ahead. Tax cuts and other business-friendly deregulatory efforts are in the offing. In the meantime, as long as money is still moving and greasing the trading gears, at least one part of Wall Street will be happy. Hamza Shaban is a reporter for Yahoo Finance covering markets and the economy. Follow Hamza on X @hshaban. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance The effects of the White House’s tariff policy on inflation could be less transitory and more “persistent,” said Powell on Wednesday.  “Tariffs are highly likely to generate at least a temporary rise in inflation,” the Fed chief said, but their “effects could also be more persistent.”  Powell himself said at the last Fed meeting that his base case is for transitory inflation. JP Morgan took the leading position in terms of deal value by advising on transactions totalling $127.3bn. AR, ALYAF and KBCSY made it to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) momentum stocks list on April 16, 2025. The purchases are a sign of confidence despite growing concern about an economic slowdown this year. Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to TJX (TJX). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store. The bank has also sent letters to more than 1,000 Chase patrons since October asking for funds to be returned. (Bloomberg) -- Beleaguered stock bulls are getting an encouraging sign from the people who know the companies best.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsCorporate insiders scooped up shares of their own companies at the fastest pace in 16 months as the S&P 500 sank in March, and they kept buying at an elevated clip as the rout accelerated th (Reuters) -U.S. tariffs on pharmaceuticals could eventually mean higher prices for brand-name medicines, but in the near term the costs would likely be absorbed by drugmakers rather than patients whose payments are often set by health insurance.  U.S. health insurers, which pay the bulk of prescription drug costs, act as a buffer between drugmakers and patients, with beneficiaries subject to co-pays and co-insurance based on the prices insurers negotiate with drugmakers.  "Patented drugs are already generally set at the price the market will bear, so in that sense manufacturers are not likely to substantially increase the prices of these drugs," said Melissa Barber, postdoctoral fellow at Yale University and an expert on drug pricing. These 10 stocks performed the best over the past 10 years. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
