Title: Trump Stokes Harvard Feud by Threatening Tax-Exempt Status
Date: 2025-05-02 20:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-harvard-lose-tax-115457342.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump said Harvard University would lose its tax-exempt status, stepping up his attack on the Ivy League school with a threat that was decried as out of his jurisdiction.
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
Trump made the announcement after weeks of threatening a change to the school’s tax-free treatment. Experts say that revoking Harvard’s tax-exempt status would be a long process through the Internal Revenue Service and likely the courts — and that it could take years.
“We are going to be taking away Harvard’s Tax Exempt Status. It’s what they deserve!” Trump wrote in a post early Friday morning.
Harvard maintained there’s “no legal basis” to rescind its tax-exempt status and Trump’s announcement sparked swift criticism. Charles Rettig, who served as IRS commissioner during Trump’s first term, told Bloomberg News that the IRS would not allow itself to be weaponized. Rep. Richard Neal, the ranking Democratic member on the House’s tax-writing committee, described the move as illegal.
Four Democratic Senators, including Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, called early Friday for an investigation of whether Trump’s targeting of Harvard violates a criminal law barring the president from ordering the IRS to punish his political opponents or reward his allies.
Under federal law, the president, vice president or their employees cannot direct an IRS official to “conduct or terminate an audit or other investigation of any particular taxpayer with respect to the tax liability of such taxpayer.”
It was unclear if Trump’s announcement stemmed from his decision or that of the tax agency.
“I can’t understand how the president is operating as if he has the power to direct this. He doesn’t and is specifically prohibited from doing this,” said Steven Bloom, assistant vice president for government relations at the American Council on Education.
The power to revoke tax benefits lies with the IRS and it’s a lengthy process that begins with an examination, he said. Harvard would also have the opportunity to remedy any issues, according to Bloom.
Tenenbaum Law Group, a Washington, DC-based law firm that represents nonprofits, said in an April 28 report that federal tax-exempt status cannot be taken away with a “stroke of a pen.”
“Those procedures require individual case-by-case IRS audits of each organization, with ample opportunity for the entity to defend itself, and including multiple routes of appeal,” the law firm said.
Conservatives have targeted Harvard and other elite universities in recent years over accusations of ideological bias and allegations of a rise in antisemitism amid campus protests against the war in Gaza. Trump and other Republicans have accused the institutions of promoting liberal agendas and so-called “wokeness.”
The White House, IRS and Treasury Department declined to comment.
“The government has long exempted universities from taxes in order to support their educational mission,” a Harvard spokesperson said in an emailed statement.
The school said that the action would result in diminished financial aid for students and the abandonment of critical medical research programs. “The unlawful use of this instrument more broadly would have grave consequences for the future of higher education in America,” the statement said.
Some 1,700 private colleges operate as nonprofits given their contributions to society. They receive that benefit as part of a section of the tax code, which specifically mentions education as being a purpose that can receive the exemption.
Stripping Harvard’s tax-exempt status completely would deal a painful financial blow to the university. Harvard’s tax-exempt status affords the school a variety of benefits, such as not having to pay traditional property taxes on educational buildings. It can sell bonds that pay interest that’s exempt from federal taxes, which lures investors and helps lower borrowing costs.
A Bloomberg News analysis estimated that Harvard’s tax benefits totaled at least $465 million in 2023.
Trump’s fight with Harvard has escalated since the university rejected the administration’s demands to reform campus policies, arguing they went far beyond their stated efforts of combating antisemitism and threatened the school’s independence. The administration has frozen billions of dollars in funding that supported projects including ALS and tuberculosis research, and Harvard sued several US agencies and top officials in response.
“There’s a process that has to be followed that would probably take a number of years,” said James Repetti, a law professor at Boston College who spoke in an interview before Trump’s announcement. “It would likely take a long time to work its way through the courts,” Repetti said.
The IRS has revoked a college’s tax-exempt status before, in a process that took years. Bob Jones University in South Carolina lost its federal tax-exemption in 1976, because of its policies banning interracial dating. The decision was upheld by the Supreme Court in 1983. Bob Jones University dropped the policy in 2000 and regained its tax benefits in 2017.
Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. pointed to the Bob Jones precedent in an April research note saying that if the IRS did move to revoke Harvard’s tax-exempt status, “we would expect immediate legal action, that could take years to resolve, extending beyond the current administration’s term in 2028.”
As the wealthiest school in the country, Harvard has a lot of firepower available to fend off surprise blows. It’s armed with pristine credit ratings and a $53 billion endowment. In fiscal 2024, the school raked in $6.5 billion of revenue and enjoyed a $45 million surplus.
Harvard has also recently taken steps to shore up more cash through a $750 million taxable bond sale. Officials from the endowment have previously discussed selling about $1 billion of private equity fund stakes.
Earlier this week, the university released long-awaited reports on antisemitism and anti-Muslim bias that painted a scathing picture of how students treated each other in the wake of the Hamas attack against Israel on Oct. 7, 2023.
“I’m sorry for the moments when we failed to meet the high expectations we rightfully set for our community,” Harvard President Alan Garber said in a letter accompanying the reports.
Garber has acknowledged the need to tackle antisemitism, noting that he’s experienced it directly while serving as the university’s leader, and said Harvard is committed to working with the administration.
In recent weeks, the school placed the Harvard Undergraduate Palestine Solidarity Committee on probation and forced the faculty leaders of the Center for Middle Eastern Studies to leave their posts. Harvard also suspended a partnership with Birzeit University in the West Bank and renamed its diversity, equity and inclusion office as Community and Campus Life.
--With assistance from Janet Lorin, Magan Crane, Alisa Parenti and David Voreacos.
(Updates to add comments from former IRS commissioner in fourth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
How an Israeli Hostage Negotiator Outsmarts Ransomware Hackers
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
Charles Schwab has its sights set on getting more involved in crypto markets.
Equity markets closed higher Friday, notching back-to-back weekly gains, as Wall Street cheered stro
The labor market steadily added jobs despite tariff announcements that many economists expect will give way to a slowdown later this year.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio