Title: Is JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF (JPEM) a Strong ETF Right Now?
Date: 2025-05-07 10:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorgan-diversified-return-emerging-markets-102005940.html?.tsrc=rss

The JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF (JPEM) was launched on 01/07/2015, and is a smart beta exchange traded fund designed to offer broad exposure to the Broad Emerging Market ETFs category of the market. Products that are based on market cap weighted indexes, which are strategies designed to reflect a specific market segment or the market as a whole, have traditionally dominated the ETF industry. Because market cap weighted indexes provide a low-cost, convenient, and transparent way of replicating market returns, they work well for investors who believe in market efficiency. But, there are some investors who would rather invest in smart beta funds; these funds track non-cap weighted strategies, and are a strong option for those who prefer choosing great stocks in order to beat the market. Non-cap weighted indexes try to choose stocks that have a better chance of risk-return performance, which is based on specific fundamental characteristics, or a mix of other such characteristics. The smart beta space gives investors many different choices, from equal-weighting, one of the simplest strategies, to more complicated ones like fundamental and volatility/momentum based weighting. However, not all of these methodologies have been able to deliver remarkable returns. JPEM is managed by J.P. Morgan, and this fund has amassed over $326.82 million, which makes it one of the average sized ETFs in the Broad Emerging Market ETFs. This particular fund, before fees and expenses, seeks to match the performance of the FTSE Emerging Diversified Factor Index. The JP Morgan Diversified Factor Emerging Markets Equity Index reflects the performance of emerging market securities representing a diversified set of factor characteristics which include Value, Price, Momentum, Earnings, Revisions and Quality characteristics. Investors should also pay attention to an ETF's expense ratio. Lower cost products will produce better results than those with a higher cost, assuming all other metrics remain the same. Annual operating expenses for this ETF are 0.44%, making it on par with most peer products in the space. It has a 12-month trailing dividend yield of 5.14%. ETFs offer diversified exposure and thus minimize single stock risk, but it is still important to delve into a fund's holdings before investing. Most ETFs are very transparent products and many disclose their holdings on a daily basis. Looking at individual holdings, Taiwan Semiconductor accounts for about 1.72% of total assets, followed by Infosys Ltd Common Stock (INFY_D.) and Bank Of China Ltd Common. The top 10 holdings account for about 10.29% of total assets under management. So far this year, JPEM has gained about 5.47%, and was up about 2.88% in the last one year (as of 05/07/2025). During this past 52-week period, the fund has traded between $48.41 and $57.84. The fund has a beta of 0.52 and standard deviation of 13.23% for the trailing three-year period, which makes JPEM a medium risk choice in this particular space. With about 556 holdings, it effectively diversifies company-specific risk. JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF is a reasonable option for investors seeking to outperform the Broad Emerging Market ETFs segment of the market. However, there are other ETFs in the space which investors could consider. Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF (VWO) tracks FTSE Emerging Markets All Cap China A Inclusion Index and the iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (IEMG) tracks MSCI Emerging Markets Investable Market Index. Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF has $84.52 billion in assets, iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets ETF has $86.22 billion. VWO has an expense ratio of 0.07% and IEMG charges 0.09%. Investors looking for cheaper and lower-risk options should consider traditional market cap weighted ETFs that aim to match the returns of the Broad Emerging Market ETFs. To learn more about this product and other ETFs, screen for products that match your investment objectives and read articles on latest developments in the ETF investing universe, please visit Zacks ETF Center. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF (JPEM): ETF Research Reports iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (IEMG): ETF Research Reports Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF (VWO): ETF Research Reports This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research The Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog. Smart Beta ETF report for QUAL We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength […] This decision reflects a trend among financial institutions to minimize physical branches as customers increasingly opt for online banking. Nvidia stock is down 15% year-to-date. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Talked About These 7 Stocks Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank OZK (NASDAQ:OZK) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. On Monday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, shared valuable insights from his years of experience as […] (Bloomberg) -- In city halls and state capitols across the US, officials are readying for President Donald Trump and Elon Musk’s aggressive cost-cutting campaign to land on their doorsteps.Most Read from BloombergThe Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance CenterNYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee LawVail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNJ Transit Strike Would Be ‘Disaster’ for Region, Sherrill SaysSt We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength […] British American Tobacco has a loyal customer base willing to pay higher prices.  The company is offering a huge 6.9% dividend yield.  Investors looking to ride out the current market uncertainty might want to buy British American Tobacco. ALGT, DELL and HPQ have been added to the Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) List on May 7, 2025.