Title: DoorDash Is on a $5 Billion Buying Spree After Earnings Beat
Date: 2025-05-06 15:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/doordash-5-billion-buying-spree-123406096.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Bloomberg) -- In a matter of five hours, the US delivery firm DoorDash Inc. announced two multibillion-dollar acquisitions that stand to turn what is already the largest food-delivery service in the US into a formidable global player. It agreed to buy London-based delivery Deliveroo Plc for 180 pence per share, or about £2.9 billion ($3.9 billion), and it’s acquiring hospitality tech company SevenRooms Inc. for $1.2 billion.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance Center
NYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee Law
NJ Transit Strike Would Be ‘Disaster’ for Region, Sherrill Says
Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future
Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch
Alongside the deals, DoorDash also issued a strong orders outlook for the current quarter and posted better-than-expected gross order value for the first three months of the year in a statement on Tuesday.
The company’s buying spree highlights DoorDash’s ambitions outside of the US, where it already commands about two-thirds of the food-delivery market. A takeover of Deliveroo will expand its reach to more than 40 countries, DoorDash said. The two companies combined had a gross order value of about $90 billion last year and have 50 million monthly active users.
The delivery industry has been consolidating after a slowdown from pandemic-level highs, leaving room for a dominant player like DoorDash to grow even larger. Also on Tuesday, Uber Technologies Inc. said it’s buying an 85% controlling stake in the Turkish delivery app Trendyol Go. In February, Prosus NV agreed to buy Amsterdam’s Just Eat Takeaway.com NV, while billionaire Marc Lore’s Wonder Group Inc. closed its acquisition of Chicago-based Grubhub earlier this year.
“Our focus has always been build a great product, not just for consumers, but merchants as well as dashers and couriers,” said DoorDash Chief Financial Officer Ravi Inukonda. The deals provide “an opportunity to invest across a broader set of countries and bring our product experience that got us to number one in the US as well as number one in all these countries into the delivery geographies as well.”
DoorDash shares dropped 9.8% to $185.35 at 10:10 a.m. in New York, the biggest intraday decline in a year. The stock has gained 11% this year. Deliveroo rose 2% to 175.50 pence in London.
High Bar
DoorDash’s acquisition of SevenRooms will give it a reservation platform and customer-management tool similar to OpenTable or Resy that works with more than 13,000 restaurant groups. Its clients include Marriott International Inc., MGM Resorts International and Wolfgang Puck.
In 2022, DoorDash worked with SevenRooms to pilot restaurant reservations within the DoorDash app in New York, Los Angeles and Chicago. In addition to restaurant delivery, DoorDash also offers white-label services to build ordering interfaces for restaurants’ websites and phone answering systems.
Chief Executive Officer Tony Xu said DoorDash’s philosophy on deals hasn’t changed. “The bar continues to remain high for M&A,” he said in a call with analysts on Tuesday. “Sometimes, the timing of some of these announcements aren’t or can’t be perfectly forecasted. But what I would say is it really is business as usual.”
The Deliveroo deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025 while the all-cash SevenRooms purchase is expected to close in the second half of this year. Both transactions will require regulatory approvals, and in the case of Deliveroo, at least 75% of the company’s shareholders will need to give their blessing. So far, investors representing 15.4% of Deliveroo’s stock have agreed to sell their shares, including Chief Executive Officer Will Shu.
What Bloomberg Intelligence Says:
DoorDash’s acquisitions of Deliveroo and SevenRooms suggest the company is focused on boosting user growth in the UK and layering AI capabilities for its fragmented merchant base. Though delivery margins will likely remain lower for Deliveroo vs. DoorDash’s existing markets, we believe the latter’s technology and customer-relationship management capabilities could spur merchant supply growth and help it gain share in the splintered UK online delivery market.
— Mandeep Singh, BI senior industry analyst
To facilitate the Deliveroo deal, DoorDash is taking a $2.85 billion bridge loan from JPMorgan. It had about $4.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents at the end of the last quarter, according to earnings results that the company also issued Tuesday.
Earnings Results
For the current period, DoorDash sees gross order value of $23.3 billion to $23.7 billion, it said in the statement, surpassing Wall Street projections. The company said the results show consumer demand “remained strong” and that engagement has been “consistent” across different cohorts so far this year.
Total order value and the number of orders for the first quarter surpassed expectations, reaching record quarterly highs. DoorDash credited the beat to its continued push into non-restaurant deliveries. Specifically, it cited “strong signs of increasing consumer trust” in the grocery category, with “accelerating average spend per grocery consumer and increasing average spend on perishables” in the period.
Total revenue for the quarter was $3 billion, just missing the average analyst estimate, while net income came in at $193 million, ahead of the consensus.
Ongoing investments to enter new categories and international markets, however, weighed on DoorDash’s earnings forecast. Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization will be $600 million to $650 million, with the midpoint missing the average estimate of $637.7 million.
(Updates with CEO comment in the ninth paragraph. A previous version corrected the name of the entity doing the bridge loan.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott
Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump
Why Juggling IVF With Work Can Be a Career Killer
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) -Dutch technology investor Prosus NV expects adjusted profit at its e-commerce business to exceed its guidance and reach $435 million this fiscal year, Chief Executive Fabricio Bloisi said on Thursday.  Last year, Prosus, majority-owned by South Africa's Naspers, estimated adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (aEBIT) of $400 million for its e-commerce business in the 2025 financial year, compared with a trading profit of $38 million in the 2024 fiscal year.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.