Oil Tumbles as Trump’s Trade War Pummels Outlook for Demand
2025-04-29 19-33
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-holds-decline-us-economic-001531247.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil dropped as the global trade war hurt the outlook for demand, with data indicating signs of strain in the US economy.
Most Read from Bloomberg
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
At Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black History
At the National Public Housing Museum, an Embattled Idea Finds a Home
West Texas Intermediate slipped 2.6% to settle around $60 a barrel, the lowest close in more than two weeks. The widely referenced US consumer confidence gauge weakened significantly in data released Tuesday, another sign of the pessimism stemming from President Donald Trump’s levies. Additional reports due this week, including manufacturing data out of China, will shed further light on the economic strength of the world’s biggest importer of crude.
A handful of spreads along the futures curve traded in contango on Tuesday as traders brace for a “meaningful surplus” in the future, according to Morgan Stanley. At present, Brent’s nearer months are still pricier than those next in sequence, forming a rare configuration with little historical precedent, according to the firm.
US crude is on track for the largest monthly loss since 2021, with prices battered by tit-for-tat tariffs between the US and its trading partners, as well as by OPEC+’s plans to revive more production. While many countries are entering into trade negotiations with Washington, Beijing says it has so far declined to engage.
There is now an “elevated probability” that Saudi Arabia and other key OPEC+ nations opt to accelerate planned supply increases at the upcoming May 5 meeting, JPMorgan analysts led by Natasha Kaneva said in a note.
“It is becoming clear to the market that growth over recent months has primarily been driven by stockpiling and pre-tariff hoarding,” said Arne Lohmann Rasmussen, chief analyst at A/S Global Risk Management. “That effect is fading, which could lead to a sharp decline in US growth as consumption starts drawing down existing inventories instead of boosting production.”
Geopolitical tensions are showing signs of cooling, increasing the prospect of supplies from some nations. Discussions about the Islamic Republic’s nuclear activity have signaled progress, with the country also pitching its sanctioned economy as an investment opportunity to the US.
Russian President Vladimir Putin declared a new three-day truce in his war on Ukraine that will start on May 8. Still, Putin is insisting that Russia must take control of four regions of Ukraine it doesn’t fully occupy as part of any agreement to end his war.
Elsewhere, Spain and Portugal returned to some semblance of normality after suffering Europe’s worst blackout in years, which forced several oil refineries to halt.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil traders expect Saudi Arabia to steer OPEC+ to agree on another supply surge next week as the kingdom continues its campaign to discipline the cartel’s errant members.Most Read from BloombergNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowAt Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Bl
Buchanan had a total compensation package worth more than $20 million, making him one of the highest-paid executives in Wisconsin.
SYDNEY (Reuters) -Australia Treasurer Jim Chalmers said the market was justified to expect more interest rate cuts after annual core inflation slowed to a three-year low, highlighting the decline three days ahead of a closely-contested national election.  The key trimmed mean measure of annual inflation, the Reserve Bank of Australia's preferred gauge, slowed to 2.9% from 3.3%, March quarter data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed on Wednesday.  Headline annual inflation held steady at 2.4% and quarterly inflation rose 0.9%, just above forecasts of a 0.8% increase.
The gross domestic product reading fell short of the 0.4% growth that economists surveyed by The Wall Street Journal expected.
The use of autonomous agents to analyze market trends, balance portfolios and even manage liquidity across decentralized exchanges is a revolution you can’t afford to ignore, says the HBAR Foundation’s Gregg Bell.
(Bloomberg) -- An age-old market maxim looms over the bounce in US stocks: Sell in May and go away.Most Read from BloombergNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowAt Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black HistoryOne of the best-known market trends, the “sell in May” effect is backed by
We recently published a list of the 25 Cheap Dividend Stocks Being Targeted by Short Sellers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nordic American Tankers Limited (NYSE:NAT) stands against other cheap dividend stocks. Short sellers — investors who profit from falling stock prices —are seeing a surge in success in […]
One of the many ways President Donald Trump has been making headlines is with his recent net worth increase. The 45th and now 47th president saw his net worth double from $2.3 billion in 2024 to over...
A unique occurrence for Wall Street's benchmark index has historically left investors seeing green.
OTTAWA (Reuters) -Canada's gross domestic product contracted by 0.2% in February on a monthly basis for the first time since November as activities across mining, oil and gas and construction sectors shrunk, data showed on Wednesday.  While a part of the decline was due to bad weather conditions and snowstorms across provinces in February, the Bank of Canada and economists have predicted that growth will continue to totter in the coming months due to the impact of U.S. tariffs.  U.S. President Donald Trump's constant threat of tariffs forced many to bring forward purchases, which can be seen in an uptick in manufacturing numbers in February.