Title: JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, Morgan Stanley, Netflix, UnitedHealthcare, Johnson & Johnson and CSX Corp are part of Zacks Earnings Preview
Date: 2025-04-14 07:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorgan-wells-fargo-morgan-stanley-072200566.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Chicago, IL – April 14, 2025 – Zacks.com releases the list of companies likely to issue earnings surprises. This week’s list includes JPMorgan JPM, Wells Fargo WFC, Morgan Stanley MS, Netflix NFLX, UnitedHealthcare UNH, Johnson & Johnson JNJ, CSX Corp. CSX.
Most of us are hoping that the Q1 reporting cycle, which took the spotlight with the quarterly releases from JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, Morgan Stanley and others on Friday, will prove to be much more than simply background noise for this market, which remains fixated on bigger questions triggered by the tariffs uncertainty.
There are valid reasons for the market to remain focused on the tariffs issue since so much is happening in the broader economy, like the rise in treasury bond yields, pressure on the exchange value of the U.S. dollar, and softening consumer and business confidence. This unsettled backdrop has a bearing on consumer and business spending, which in turn increases risks to the economy’s growth trajectory.
The pause to the start of the reciprocal tariffs is welcome and has gone some ways towards reducing near-term risks to the economy. However, the overall air of uncertainty remains, which puts a question mark on current consensus expectations for the economy and corporate earnings.
The one reassuring aspect of the current environment is the U.S. economy’s solid foundations that allowed it to withstand the Fed’s extraordinary tightening over the last two years. The U.S. economy’s resilience and steady growth momentum have been the envy of the world, and it should give us confidence in its staying power in the current and coming periods of uncertainty.
It wouldn’t be easy, but let’s not forget that there was no shortage of recession calls in response to the U.S. Fed’s earlier tightening moves. Announcements of lowered recession odds by several major Wall Street firms in recent days following the tariff pause is partly an acknowledgement of this underlying strength and resilience.
We saw this in the JPMorgan and Wells Fargo results, which showed that consumers continued to spend at levels that we have been seeing in recent quarters. While heightened uncertainty and the resulting market volatility has been a headwind for investment banking activities, the trading business benefits from increased volatility. We saw that in the trading numbers from JPMorgan as well as Morgan Stanely and will most likely be a regular feature of this earnings season.
Guidance is always a crucial part of the earnings releases, even though only a minority of companies provide actual guidance. Given the all-around uncertainty, the significance of guidance is even higher this time. Even so, we are unlikely to get much guidance this time around, as these management teams are as much at the receiving end of the unfolding tariffs issue as the rest of us.
This is a problem for current consensus earnings expectations for the coming quarters, which will most likely get lowered as we go through the Q1 earnings season. Unlike other reporting cycles, we will be more interested in how expectations for Q2 and beyond evolve instead of what companies actually report for Q1.
A big contributing factor to this year’s expectations was the potential positive impact of the Trump administration’s market-friendly policies in the shape of lowered taxes and deregulation. But as you can see above, aggregate 2025 estimates peaked in July 2024 and have been on a downtrend ever since.
Since the earnings outlook for the Energy sector had to be steadily ratcheted down due to persistent oil price weakness, we will need to look at the above aggregate earnings picture on an ex-Energy basis.
2025 earnings estimates peaked in January 2025 and have been trending down ever since. Our data shows that the negative revisions trend picked up pace in February and March, with the latest tariff headlines and associated diminished macro visibility adding to the pressure.
We have over 80 companies on deck to report results this week, including 29 S&P 500 members. Dominating this week’s line-up are more Finance sector players, with the major banks, insurance companies, and regional operators coming out with Q1 results.
We have a sprinkling of bellwethers from outside of the Finance sector reporting results this week, including Netflix, UnitedHealthcare, Johnson & Johnson, CSX Corp., United Air Lines, and others.
UnitedHealthcare’s outperformance is partly reflective of favorable changes to Medicare payment policies recently, but the company’s domestic orientation gives it ‘tariff immunity.’ Netflix and JNJ benefit from the same trend, while CSX Corp’s exposure to trade is fairly obvious.
We are seeing this in the revisions trend for these three players as well, particularly Netflix and UnitedHealthcare.
Including the aforementioned JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, and Morgan Stanley reports, we now have Q1 results from 29 S&P 500 members. Most of these 29 index members had fiscal quarters reporting in February, which we count as part of the March-quarter tally.
Total earnings for these 29 index members are up +6.5% from the same period last year on +5.7% revenue gains, with 65.5% of the companies beating EPS estimates and 72.4% beating revenue estimates.
These early companies appear to be struggling to beat consensus estimates, with the EPS beats percentage for this group of companies the lowest in the preceding 20-quarter period. This is disconcerting, but we want to caution against reading too much into these early results, given the sample size.
Looking at Q1 as a whole, combining the actuals from the 29 S&P 500 members with estimates for the still-to-come companies, the expectation is that earnings will be up +6.3% from the same period last year on +3.9% higher revenues, which would follow the +14.1% earnings growth on +5.7% revenue gains in the preceding period.
We noted earlier how estimates for the current period (2025 Q2) have started coming down already, which we believe will weaken further as companies report results and discuss the extent of uncertainty around their near-term business outlook.
Depending on where the emerging tariff regime settles, earnings estimates will need to come down in response. The ongoing market weakness is essentially a reflection of these diminished earnings expectations.
For more details about the evolving earnings picture, please check out our weekly Earnings Trends report here >>>> Guidance to be Key Factor Earnings Season
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
See Stocks Free >>
Media Contact
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
support@zacks.com
https://www.zacks.com
Zacks.com provides investment resources and informs you of these resources, which you may choose to use in making your own investment decisions. Zacks is providing information on this resource to you subject to the Zacks "Terms and Conditions of Service" disclaimer. www.zacks.com/disclaimer.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss.This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
CSX Corporation (CSX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Energy Transfer LP (NYSE:ET) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on […]
Tech stocks have grown exponentially in the past two years, with 2023 being a banner year for the sector.  The Nasdaq 100 technology sector index rose nearly 7% in 2024, having soared 66.7% the year before.  The use of artificial intelligence has also boosted attention towards the sector, with venture funding firms keen on financing companies leveraging the technology.
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) will release its first-quarter financial results before the opening bell on Tuesday, April 15. Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at 82 cents per share, up from 76 cents per share in the year-ago period. Bank of America projects quarterly revenue of $26.91 billion, compared to $25.82 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. On April 7, Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck upgraded Bank of America from Equal-Weight to O
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.