JPMorganChase Files Form 10-Q for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2025
2025-05-01 20-23
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorganchase-files-form-10-q-202300570.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
NEW YORK, May 01, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) ("JPMorganChase" or the "Firm") has filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 with the SEC. The report is available on the SEC's website at https://www.sec.gov and will be available on the Firm's Investor Relations website at https://www.jpmorganchase.com/ir under SEC Filings & Other Disclosures.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America ("U.S."), with operations worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.4 trillion in assets and $351 billion in stockholders’ equity as of March 31, 2025. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250501303860/en/
Contacts
Investor Contact: Mikael Grubb, 212-270-2479
Media Contact: Joseph Evangelisti, 212-270-7438
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the […]
Former Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren says a US recession is likely this summer unless the Trump administration pulls back on its tariff policy. He expects the Federal Reserve to move slowly until it's apparent "what the inflation and employment shocks are." He speaks on "Bloomberg Surveillance."
We recently published a list of 11 Oversold Global Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) stands against other oversold global stocks to buy according to hedge funds. Global stocks are businesses that have a diversified revenue base and do not […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Bears Got ‘Pantsed’ & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where AppLovin Corporation (NASDAQ:APP) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the impact […]
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.