Title: Investors Flee Oil Bear Fund in Biggest Move Since 2020
Date: 2025-04-09 15:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/investors-cash-oil-bear-fund-141849423.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- An exchange-traded product tied to declines in the oil market just saw its biggest outflow of funds since 2020. With crude prices crashing to a four-year low, some investors pulled out of the fund to cash in on profits. Oil has been hit by the one-two punch of OPEC+ choosing to ramp up output hours after US President Donald Trump last week unveiled a spate of trade policies that were especially punishing to major crude-importing economies, including China and India. Futures in New York on Wednesday were on track for a fifth session of losses and are trading near the lowest levels since 2021. Some investors are growing wary over how much further prices will fall and have chosen to cash in on their bearish bets. The ProShares UltraShort Bloomberg Crude Oil ETF, an exchange-traded product that seeks to return twice the inverse of the daily performance of its underlying index, saw an outflow of $72.2 million on Monday, according to fresh data. That’s the biggest net-withdrawal since markets cratered at the beginning of the Covid pandemic. The ETF also saw a $19 million outflow the following day, marking the largest two-day decline since 2011. Meanwhile, inflows for the United States Oil Fund, the largest ETF tracking the price of oil, surged on Friday by $275 million to the highest levels since 2020. It posted an outflow of $98.7 million in the following session. Recent dramatic price moves have lured investors of all stripes back to the crude market after an extended period of depressed trading. Crude markets saw an $11.6 billion net inflow in the week ending April 4, JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Tracey Allen wrote in a note to clients. Open interest across the WTI futures curve has also surged in recent sessions to the highest in over three months. In ETF trading, individual investors have made it a habit to leverage economic downturns to skim profits off of security basksets that can be bought and sold via amateur-friendly single trades. A massive influx of these so-called oil tourists contributed to briefly pushing US crude into negative territory at the onset of the global pandemic. Just recently, as escalating tensions in the Middle East threatened to curtail global flows, retail traders poured money into the USO fund. Though opportunistic investors have traditionally gone for equities, the popularity of commodity-linked products has increased over recent times as retail brokers like Robinhood make it easier to place trades, according to Christina Qi, chief executive officer of Databento. While that’s helped to reinforce liquidity, it’s also a portent of choppy trading. One measure of volatility jumped this week to the highest level since November. “Retail-driven flows can increase headline liquidity but also amplify short-term risk, particularly in fast-moving macroeconomic environments,” Qi said. “If the mood of the market suddenly changes, that money can dry up super quickly and increase risk.” (Updates with new outflow figures in the third paragraph. A previous version corrected the fund name.) More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. (Reuters) -Federal Reserve policymakers worry U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policy could deal a blow to economic growth, but are signaling they will not be quick to ride to the rescue with interest rate cuts because they expect higher tariffs to boost inflation.  The minutes of the U.S. central bank's mid-March meeting, released on Wednesday, showed that Fed officials already felt they were operating in a thickening cloud of uncertainty that had the potential to slow consumer spending and business investment and also called for a cautious approach on rate-setting.  That was before Trump's April 2 announcement of sweeping tariffs triggered a global stock market rout on fears of recession and a sharp rise in Treasury yields that raised alarm bells about potential financial market instability. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Smart Beta ETF report for QTEC Why investors should use the Zacks Earnings ESP tool to help find stocks that are poised to top quarterly earnings estimates. Nationwide, the average real estate sale listing goes under contract in about 33 days, according to the most recent data from Zillow. But national averages don't necessarily reflect what's happening... We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Steve Cohen. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) stands against other best stocks to buy according to billionaire Steve Cohen. Steve Cohen, a prominent figure in the world of […] Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
