Title: Goldman, Wells Fargo Lead $17 Billion Bank Borrowing Spree
Date: 2025-04-15 21:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-wells-fargo-lead-17-210503053.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. sold a combined $14 billion of US investment-grade bonds Tuesday, matching the day-earlier total from peers Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing
Wells Fargo is issuing $8 billion of bonds in four parts, while Goldman sold $6 billion in three parts, according to people with knowledge of the matter. The market’s third borrower Tuesday, Japanese financial firm Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc., priced $3 billion of notes.
The longest portion of Wells’ offering, an 11-year security, yields 1.28 percentage point above Treasuries, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified as the details are private. Goldman’s longest portion, a six-year tranche, yields 1.25 percentage point above Treasuries, a separate person said.
Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Lead $16.5 Billion Bank Borrowing Spree
It’s common for the biggest US banks to sell debt shortly after releasing quarterly results. But there were some questions this go-around after the primary market froze earlier this month in the wake of an evolving global trade war.
Tuesday’s deals received orders 3.3 times the amount of bonds sold, according to Bloomberg’s Brian Smith, compared with 3.8 times on Monday.
“Clearly there’s appetite for sizable bank issuances,” said Peter Simon, an analyst who covers the sector at research firm CreditSights. “We don’t see much evidence that the market is overly concerned with these banks, which makes sense given their results have been solid this quarter.”
Goldman reported record revenue in the first quarter, while Wells Fargo’s report pointed to soft loan demand amid the ongoing tariff uncertainty. Wells’ net interest income, the difference between what it makes from lending and pays for deposits, fell short of analysts’ projections. Still, non-interest expenses were better than forecast as Chief Executive Officer Charlie Scharf works to cut costs.
In the high-grade market, banks have underperformed in recent weeks, with TD Securities credit strategist Hans Mikkelsen writing that was likely due to expectations of new debt sales. The average bank bond spread widened 24 basis points this month through Monday, more than investment-grade notes overall while yields for the latter briefly hit 11-month highs last week.
That has lured yield buyers into the market, setting things up well to digest the banks’ debt sales, said Samuel Wilson, a portfolio manager at Voya Investment Management.
Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup Inc. are candidates to issue debt after they released first-quarter results Tuesday.
Coming into earnings season, JPMorgan strategists Kabir Caprihan and Vincent Barretta predicted the six big US banks could might issue about $32 billion of bonds. That compares with an average $23 billion this time each year from 2014 through 2024. The four deals completed so far have raised $28 billion.
(Updates throughout.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Wall Street strategists still think stocks will recover by the end of 2025 — just not as dramatically as they had once predicted.
Apple, NVIDIA, Advanced Micro Devices, Amazon.com and Alphabet are included in this Analyst Blog.
(Reuters) -     U.S. bank PNC Financial  (PNC) reported a rise in first-quarter profit on Tuesday, helped by a boost in interest income.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold edged toward the record high set on Monday, as the Trump administration pressed ahead with probes that could broaden the US’s sweeping trade war.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBullion rose to top $3,230 an ounc
Merrill Lynch and Bank of America’s Private Bank posted a flat profit for the first quarter of 2025 amid a strong earnings beat for their parent company.  BofA’s  wealth unit reported net income of $1 billion in the first quarter, down 0.1% from the fourth quarter and nearly identical to the first quarter in 2024.  The wealth division reported total revenue of $6.02 billion for the first quarter, up nearly 8% from $5.59 billion a year ago as clients and assets under management both increased during the period.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the […]
The 2025 Q1 earnings season picks up considerably this week, with large-cap companies Progressive and UnitedHealth helping to headline the reporting docket. What can investors expect?
Citigroup shares rose in early trading Tuesday after the bank reported better-than-expected first-quarter results as volatile markets boosted equities trading.
With consumers and businesses alike worried about tariffs, economists are looking to see if “soft data” like recent weak consumer sentiment surveys will feed into “hard data” reports like retail sales and inflation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
