Alphabet Leads Busiest Day for Euro Bond Sales Since January
2025-04-29 14-31
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-leads-busiest-day-euro-143157821.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Google parent Alphabet Inc. led the biggest rush in months into Europe’s bond market on Tuesday, as borrowers seized on improving investor sentiment to raise cash.
Most Read from Bloomberg
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
At Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black History
At the National Public Housing Museum, an Embattled Idea Finds a Home
The tech giant is set to raise €6.75 billion ($7.7 billion) from a debut sale of euro bonds in a rare five-part offering, the standout deal among the 20 borrowers coming to the market. They brought a total 27 tranches of debt, the most in a single day since Jan. 7, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
The sales came as companies took advantage of a recovery in credit markets following a slide stoked by US President Donald Trump’s trade announcements. Tariff-induced swings in sentiment had put some deals on hold, and given the uncertainty over policies in the world’s biggest economy going forward, there’s no telling when the next bout of volatility will start.
That drew issuers including the Republic of France, retailer Carrefour SA and insurer Ethias SA, as well as a junk-rated deal from German drugmaker Stada Arzneimittel AG. In total, borrowers are set to raise over €28 billion, with final sizes set but not all deals priced yet.
Robust investor demand was also seen in the US on Monday, where 15 borrowers in the high-grade primary market raised $18.3 billion and compressed spreads by more than average. That included a $5 billion sale of dollar debt by Alphabet, its first since 2020.
Euro Debut
Alphabet’s euro deal tops that for size. It includes maturities of between four and 29 years, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified. The final spreads tightened by around 30 basis points from initial discussions, taking the shortest tranche to 52 basis points over mid-swaps and the longest to 160. The deal is expected to price later today.
The deals could lower its cost of capital and indicate the potential for larger future buybacks and AI capital investments, Bloomberg Intelligence analysts Robert Schiffman and Alex Reid wrote on Monday. The company is not lacking money: they point to Alphabet’s $95 billion cash balance and the ability to generate close to $300 billion in free cash flow over the next three years.
Its 29-year bond in euros would be the second-longest corporate bond sold in Europe this year, data compiled by Bloomberg shows. The company plans to use the proceeds of the sale for general corporate purposes, including the repaying of outstanding debt.
The deal is being managed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc., HSBC Holdings Plc and JPMorgan Chase & Co. as global coordinators, along with Barclays Plc and Deutsche Bank AG as bookrunners.
--With assistance from Paul Cohen.
(Updates with final deal size details throughout.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or […]
Jeep and Chrysler maker Stellantis said Wednesday it is suspending its full-year guidance, pointing to "tariff-related uncertainties."
The Dow Jones and other indexes plummeted after economic reports in the stock market today. Nvidia fell on Super Micro Computer's report.
- The leading economic indicator fell to its lowest level since the pandemic. - This downturn is largely attributed to escalating trade tensions and growing economic uncertainty.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Investors were left with little clarity on Wednesday about the health of the U.S. economy despite a fresh report on gross domestic product, with the fallout from President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs muddying growth signals.  On its face, the first-quarter data showing the first U.S. economic contraction since 2022 was alarming and brought immediate pressure on U.S. stocks.  The weakness stemmed from a surge in imports as businesses sought to avoid higher costs from the new tariffs, a phenomenon that many analysts said was poised to reverse in coming months.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.