Mexico Economy Narrowly Dodges Recession Amid US Trade Chaos
2025-04-30 20-05
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mexico-economy-narrowly-dodges-recession-121152172.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Mexico’s economy expanded slightly in the first quarter on a jump in agricultural output, allowing President Claudia Sheinbaum to avoid recession as she steers the nation through an unpredictable US tariff policy.
Most Read from Bloomberg
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
Gross domestic product grew 0.2% in the three months through March, above the 0.1% median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg, after a 0.6% decline in the prior quarter. From a year before, GDP expanded 0.8%, higher than the 0.7% median estimate, according to preliminary data published Wednesday by the national statistics institute.
Quarterly growth was driven by an 8.1% surge in the agricultural sector, which bounced back from a plunge at the end of 2024. On the other hand, industry shrank 0.3% during the period and the services sector was flat.
The jump in agriculture “offset weakness in both the services and the industrial sector,” Kimberley Sperrfechter, an emerging markets economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a research note.
Since Donald Trump’s return to office, analysts have expected Mexico’s economy would slow for a fourth year in 2025 on a proliferation of headwinds including the “America First” trade protectionism from its northern neighbor. Surprisingly, those same concerns helped first-quarter results. Although manufacturing output was weak, exports were strong, with US importers bringing forward orders to dodge more punitive tariffs on Mexico’s goods.
What Bloomberg Economics Says
“GDP data show the Mexican economy rose in the first quarter and narrowly avoided a technical recession, but it doesn’t ease concerns about the growth outlook. Results along with monthly data through February point to activity and domestic demand falling in March in line with waning tailwinds from businesses front-running tariffs that contributed to first-quarter growth.”
— Felipe Hernandez, Latin America economist
— Click here for full report
The risk of onerous duties on exports to the US, far and away Mexico’s top trading partner, continues to loom with Trump’s threats of “reciprocal” tariffs on more goods still a very real possibility.
Levies on products that are not covered by North America’s free trade agreement are already in place, along with duties on steel, aluminum and the portions of finished automobiles that aren’t made in the US.
Sheinbaum has been trying to reduce the tariffs via direct phone calls with Trump while Mexican officials also travel to Washington on a weekly basis.
Answering a question about how the GDP contraction in the US during the first quarter could affect Mexico, Sheinbaum said later on Wednesday she was confident that the local economy is doing well, since a recession was avoided, unemployment remains low and inflation is stable.
“There is growth, 0.8%, of course we want more, but in the face” of tariffs and the “uncertainty of all these months, it is good news,” she said during a press conference.
Growth Forecasts
Since Trump’s victory, businesses in Mexico have been preparing for a scenario of high levies by increasing their exports to the US and looking for parts suppliers from countries other than China.
Meanwhile, real estate developers have been offering incentives to foreign companies to stay in Mexico, betting the local nearshoring boom will not end.
Still, Latin America’s No. 2 economy shrank by the most since 2021 in the last quarter of 2024, and many analysts have been marking down their 2025 growth forecasts.
Mexico’s central bank recently cut its 2025 GDP estimate in half to 0.6% while a Citi survey of analysts pegged it lower still at 0.2% — down from 1% in February.
Asked about the Finance Ministry’s more optimistic forecast of economic growth of 1.5% to 2.3% this year, Finance Minister Edgar Amador said estimates are “complicated” due to changes in international trade. “Our base scenario is not a recession, but an expansion of the economy” in 2025, he said during a press conference.
Economic growth during the second quarter will be critical to understanding the impact of tariffs in Mexico, added Rodrigo Mariscal, an official at the ministry’s economic planning unit.
The weak first quarter GDP data will reinforce the central bank’s concerns about the health of the economy, “which currently appears to be playing a more prominent role than inflation” for policymakers, Sperrfechter wrote. “This should pave the way for another 50bp rate cut at Banxico’s meeting next month.”
National Mood
Sheinbaum’s administration, in turn, has offered incentives to foreign companies to relocate operations to Mexico, especially through generous tax breaks and the promise of significantly reduced red tape.
Every Thursday at her daily press conferences, she announces millions of dollars in promised investments from local and foreign companies as a sign of investor confidence.
At the same time, Sheinbaum’s popularity has surpassed that of her predecessor and mentor, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, as she rallies the country behind her.
While about 80% of Mexicans believe tariffs have hurt the economy, roughly three-quarters say they are confident Sheinbaum will be able to negotiate new agreements to reduce them.
Most Mexicans also see the country heading in the right direction overall, with 54% saying they expect the economy to improve over the next six months against 21% who see it worsening, according to LatAm Pulse, a survey conducted by AtlasIntel for Bloomberg News and published on Monday.
Despite that optimism, the first quarter GDP report was consistent with the broader picture of slowing economic growth under the weight of tighter financial conditions and worsening external headwinds, Andres Abadia, chief Latin America economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, wrote in a note.
“Output in key sectors is under severe strain, underscoring the complexity of the macro backdrop,” Abadia wrote. “Activity will likely remain subdued in the near term. Industrial production is set to stay under pressure, though output could see a temporary lift as firms build inventories ahead of potential new US tariffs.”
--With assistance from Rafael Gayol, Robert Jameson and Maya Averbuch.
(Updates with Finance Minister’s comments in 15th paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
SYDNEY (Reuters) -Australia Treasurer Jim Chalmers said the market was justified to expect more interest rate cuts after annual core inflation slowed to a three-year low, highlighting the decline three days ahead of a closely-contested national election.  The key trimmed mean measure of annual inflation, the Reserve Bank of Australia's preferred gauge, slowed to 2.9% from 3.3%, March quarter data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed on Wednesday.  Headline annual inflation held steady at 2.4% and quarterly inflation rose 0.9%, just above forecasts of a 0.8% increase.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Investors were left with little clarity on Wednesday about the health of the U.S. economy despite a fresh report on gross domestic product, with the fallout from President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs muddying growth signals.  On its face, the first-quarter data showing the first U.S. economic contraction since 2022 was alarming and brought immediate pressure on U.S. stocks.  The weakness stemmed from a surge in imports as businesses sought to avoid higher costs from the new tariffs, a phenomenon that many analysts said was poised to reverse in coming months.
Microsoft reported fiscal third-quarter revenue and profits that surpassed analysts’ expectations, sending shares higher in extended trading Wednesday.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The U.S. Treasury's primary dealers say they would prefer to end the federal debt ceiling, as it likely increases debt service costs and market volatility and may hurt the dollar's reserve asset status, minutes of the Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee (TBAC) showed on Wednesday.  "The Committee expressed that its preferred option would be for Congress to delegate broad authority to the administration to borrow as necessary to fund government obligations," the TBAC said in the minutes from its quarterly refunding meeting held on Tuesday.  Treasury debt yields surged this month after Trump announced punishing "reciprocal" tariffs on many countries on April 2.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) -Euro zone consumers are happy to ditch U.S. products if they are hit by tariffs in the course of a tit-for-tat trade war with U.S. President Donald Trump's administration, a European Central Bank survey showed.  The ECB's Consumer Expectations Survey, conducted in March before Trump had even announced, and later paused his tariff blitz, unexpectedly showed a change in preference regardless of any price increase.  The 19,000 consumers were asked if they would look for alternatives to U.S. products if an import tax of 5%, 10% or 20% was imposed by the United States and, in retaliation, by the European Union.
LONDON (Reuters) -British business leaders have turned their most optimistic about the economy since before finance minister Rachel Reeves' autumn budget, according to a survey that suggested U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff pause was easing concerns.  The Institute of Directors said on Thursday its confidence index - which maps the gap between executives who are positive about the economy and those who are negative - rose to -51 in April from -58 in March, the highest since September last year.  Company bosses' intentions for investment and hiring also improved.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold pared losses as traders assessed the Federal Reserve’s interest-rate path after US data showed signs of downside risks under President Donald Trump’s trade agenda.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do
Humana beat first-quarter profit and sales estimates as it reduced costs and exited some Medicare Advantage plans.
Countries across the Middle East and North Africa face significant challenges to economic growth as the region faces economic uncertainty due to tariff measures, lower-than-recent oil prices and cuts to financial aid, the International Monetary Fund said Wednesday.  The IMF's regional outlook report for the MENA region said Brent crude oil prices — which are down from highs above $120 a barrel in 2022 — are likely to be $65 to $69 per barrel in 2025 and 2026, making energy-exporting economies vulnerable to market fluctuations.  Tariff plans by the U.S. and other countries and geopolitical tensions also have created mounting economic uncertainty globally that is weighing down on the region's economies, which could negatively impact their growth by anywhere from 2% to 4.5%, said Jihad Azour, director for Middle East and Central Asia at the IMF.
Caribbean and domestic sailings may be more appealing during times of economic uncertainty, executives said.