Title: JPMorgan is going after even more customers who allegedly cashed in on the ‘infinite money glitch’ s
Date: 2025-04-16 17:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorgan-going-even-more-customers-173217323.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
JPMorgan Chase is continuing to pursue legal action against customers who allegedly took advantage of an “infinite money glitch” as a result of ATM technical malfunctions last year. The bank has filed five new lawsuits on the state level after winning four federal suits filed last October. Chase recouped about $580,000 of the $660,000 it sought out in the original batch of litigation.
JPMorgan Chase is continuing efforts to recover hundreds of thousands of dollars lost after an ATM “glitch” went viral, leading customers to steal funds from the bank during the malfunction.
JPMorgan is pursuing legal action on the state level, suing customers who allegedly stole $75,000 or less from the company, CNBC first reported. Last October, the bank filed four federal lawsuits, and, as of Monday, has won them all, recouping about $580,000 of the $660,000 it sought out, with dollar amounts not finalized for all cases.
Last August, social-media users uploaded videos explaining a “glitch” stemming from ATM malfunctions, which would allow Chase bank customers to write a fake check, deposit it into an ATM, and withdraw cash over the course of a week when some of the deposited funds become immediately available, but before the check bounces. The practice, known as check-kiting, is illegal.
According to a Tuesday court filing in Gwinnett County, Georgia, seen by CNBC, one “masked man” deposited a $73,000 check in the defendant’s Chase bank account. Per the lawsuit, the check bounced six days later, but not before the defendant made a series of cash withdrawals worth $82,000. The defendant allegedly owes Chase nearly $58,000 and has not complied with requests to return the cash.
JPMorgan has filed five total lawsuits on the state level: one each in New York, Florida, Georgia, and two in Texas, the company confirmed to Fortune. Since October, when JPMorgan first pursued litigation on the issue, the company has sent out more than 1,000 letters to customers asking them to repay the funds.
“We’re still investigating cases of fraud and cooperating with law enforcement—and we’ll do that for as long as it takes to hold fraudsters accountable,” JPMorgan Chase spokesperson Drew Pusateri told Fortune in a statement.
Chase’s ATM woes aren’t unique. In August 2023, Bank of Ireland customers took advantage of an ATM glitch that allowed them to pull large sums of money from their accounts and transfer up to €1,000 (~$1,090) to other accounts, even if the funds were more than what was available in their accounts, leading them to mistakenly think they were getting “free money.”
The bank warned customers they would be liable for the money they withdrew and should return the cash, should they not be prepared to have the money debited from their accounts.
JPMorgan has been clear in its views on schemes such as the one some took advantage of last year.
“Chase takes its responsibility to combat fraud seriously and prioritizes protecting the firm and its customers to make the banking system safer,” the bank said in an October court filing. “Part of that responsibility is to hold people accountable when they commit fraud against Chase and its customers. Simply put, engaging in bank fraud is a crime.”
While legal consequences for check fraud vary by state and the amount of money taken, repercussions can be steep. In New York, it can result in up to 25 years in prison, Adam H. Rosenblum, an attorney and founder of Rosenblum Law, told Fortune in September. Individuals can avoid steep punishment if they took out smaller sums of money, and if they return the funds and work with an attorney.
“Very often, these consequences can be mitigated and minimized if things are handled in the right way,” he said.
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arm Holdings plc (NASDAQ:ARM) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in […]
(Bloomberg) -- US Treasuries rallied for a third day as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank will aim to prevent tariffs from leading to stickier inflation.Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedDOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on LeaveLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe five-year note led
Z introduces a new advanced tool for Showcase listings, enabling sellers and agents to improve their selling strategies.
JP Morgan took the leading position in terms of deal value by advising on transactions totalling $127.3bn.
The infrastructure provider underpins tokenized funds by BlackRock, Franklin Templeton and Republic facilitating stablecoin settlements across 22 blockchains.
On Monday, Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) said it had become aware of several hundred units of Ozempic (semaglutide) injection 1 mg distributed outside the Novo Nordisk authorized supply chain in the U.S. The seized counterfeit products feature lot number PAR0362 and illegitimate serial numbers beginning with the first eight digits 51746517. Lot number PAR0362 is an authentic lot number. Only when the lot number is coupled with the eight digits 51746517 it is counterfeit and should not be used. Als
UNI Europa argues that American digital giants like Amazon benefit from unfair economic advantages in the world’s largest single market and should be dealt with accordingly.
The major averages were fractionally higher near noon, adding slightly to yesterday’s gains as investors reacted to fresh headlines on U.S.-China trade tensions and a new round of corporate earnings. Markets are attempting to stabilize after a rocky stretch, but much of the tone is being shaped by President Trump’s latest tariff decisions. After last week’s escalation, he’s now backing off slightly, offering temporary relief on key consumer electronics and signaling possible concessions for the
The purchases are a sign of confidence despite growing concern about an economic slowdown this year.
- TOPC is the first S&P 500 ETF with 3% company weight cap, addressing market concentration. - The ETF aims to provide balanced exposure to the largest US companies. - It joins the iShares Build ETF toolkit with $18 billion in managed assets.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
