Title: Treasuries Join Global Yield Shift With Fed Rate Decision Ahead
Date: 2025-05-07 14:49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/treasury-yields-rise-ahead-fed-084432665.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- Treasuries joined most other government bond markets in sending long-term yields lower as trade tensions continue to stoke haven demand. Most Read from Bloomberg The Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance Center Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future Is Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic? Ten- to 30-year yields reached session lows during the US morning, led by bigger yield declines in most European government bond markets. Those were spurred in part by reports that the European Commission is set to announce a provisional list of tariffs against the US on Thursday. US short-term yields, meanwhile, pared their increases ahead of Wednesday’s Federal Reserve interest-rate decision. The US 30-year yield declined as much as four basis points to 4.76%, its lowest level this week. The two-year pared about half of an increase of as much as four basis points. The shrinking gaps between short- and longer-term yields were larger in most European bond markets than in the US. While US central bank policymakers are expected to leave their target range for the federal funds rate unchanged at 4.25%-4.5% in the decision to be announced at 2 p.m. in Washington, Fed Chair Jerome Powell in a news conference 30 minutes later may shed light on the outlook for rate cuts. Their quarterly forecasts published in March showed a median expectation for two quarter-point reductions by year-end, while derivative markets are pricing in roughly three. The Fed meeting will “likely shape expectations more than usual as it is the first decision after the reciprocal tariff announcement,” said Erik Liem, a rates strategist at Commerzbank. “Verbal guidance will be key, as markets have postponed expectations” for monetary easing, he said. US President Donald Trump’s April 2 unveiling of protectionist agenda led economists to forecast slower economic growth and higher inflation in coming quarters. Still, expectations for Fed policy have been volatile in response to mixed US economic data, and central bank officials have said there’s no urgency to cut rates. For investors, it’s a question of how to weigh the economic pessimism that has been seen in some recent surveys against the resilience in top-tier measures of employment. While US consumer confidence fell in April to an almost five-year low, job creation exceeded all economist forecasts compiled by Bloomberg. What Bloomberg Strategists Say: “The Fed may be forced to cut rates this year if tariffs cause a recession. But that could mean accelerating inflation expectations push longer-term yields higher.” — Simon White, Markets Live macro strategist Open-interest data point to de-leveraging and position unwinds in short-term interest-rate products after the jobs were released Friday, consistent with liquidation of long positions. JPMorgan’s weekly Treasury client survey released Tuesday found neutral positions remain elevated and close to yearly highs. Notable Treasury options activity Wednesday morning session included buying of put options on five-year note futures, targeting yields in the sector to climb around 28 basis points by Monday. “It’s still tough, in my view, to have an especially high conviction call in terms of Treasuries right now,” said Michael Brown, a strategist at Pepperstone. “It remains to be seen which side of the fence bond market participants come down on in terms of the macro impact of tariffs, with downside growth, and upside inflation risks almost as prevalent as each other.” Long-term Treasuries also have support from strong demand for Tuesday’s auction of new 10-year notes. An auction of new 30-year bonds is set for Thursday. (Updates yield levels) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump Why Juggling IVF With Work Can Be a Career Killer ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. NEW YORK (Reuters) -The U.S. dollar remained slightly stronger against major currencies including the yen and the euro on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged, in line with market expectations.  The Fed kept its benchmark interest rate steady in the 4.25%-4.50% range, but said that the risks of higher inflation and unemployment had risen and that the U.S. economic outlook remains uncertain.  "They were a little more hawkish than a lot of the market expected and they didn't really change or water down any of the views on inflation being above average or the jobs market selling at a low level," said Marvin Loh, senior global market strategist at State Street in Boston. “Uncertainty about the economic impact has increased further,” policymakers said in a statement after a two-day meeting. The Senate Banking Committee voted 13-11 along party lines to pass the nomination to the full chamber. A key Democrat reiterated her concerns over Bowman’s stance on tariffs, mergers and climate. The Fed is dealing with competing macroeconomic forces that could tie its hands and leave Powell and the central bank behind the curve, JPMorgan said. U.S. stocks ticked higher Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left its main interest alone, as was widely expected, but also warned about rising risks for the U.S. economy.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 284 points, or 0.7%, and the Nasdaq composite rose 0.3%.  Indexes swiveled repeatedly through the day, and the Dow briefly climbed as many as 400 points on hopes that the United States and China may be making the first moves toward a trade deal that could protect the global economy. Through strategic diversification, innovation and resilient consumer spending, V is well-positioned for long-term growth. Gold prices on a roller-coaster ride as trade fears lift safe-haven demand, while easing tensions and rising risk appetite affect the metal. BRASILIA (Reuters) -Brazil's central bank raised interest rates by 50 basis points on Wednesday in a sixth straight hike that pushed borrowing costs to their highest in nearly 20 years, and left future steps open amid global uncertainties and sticky domestic inflation.  The bank's monetary policy committee, known as Copom, raised the Selic to 14.75% in a unanimous decision, matching forecasts from 32 of 35 economists in a Reuters poll.  Policymakers stressed that the current environment calls for a "significantly contractionary monetary policy for a prolonged period" to bring inflation to target, dropping previous language about the need for "a more contractionary" stance. Fed decision day means putting the tense relationship between President Donald Trump and Fed Chair Jerome Powell on full display. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.