Title: JP Morgan and Houlihan Lokey lead M&A financial advisers in Q1 2025
Date: 2025-04-14 09:08
URL: https://www.privatebankerinternational.com/news/jp-morgan-houlihan-lokey-2025/?.tsrc=rss

JP Morgan and Houlihan Lokey have been identified as the leading financial advisers in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) for the first quarter of 2025, according to the latest financial advisers league table published by GlobalData.
This ranking evaluates financial advisers based on the value and volume of M&A transactions they have facilitated.
The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
According to GlobalData’s Deals Database, JP Morgan secured its top position in the deal value rankings by advising on transactions totalling $133.6bn.
A new GlobalData survey seeks to throw light on the attitudes of global investors towards Mauritius
In contrast, Houlihan Lokey excelled in deal volume, advising on a total of 69 transactions.
GlobalData lead analyst Aurojyoti Bose said: “It is interesting to note that both JP Morgan and Houlihan Lokey were also the top advisers by value and volume in Q1 2024. And despite registering a year-on-year decline in value and volume, respectively, they were still ahead of peers and managed to retain their leadership positions by these metrics in Q1 2025 as well.
“Houlihan Lokey experienced a marginal drop in deal volume, as a result the total number of deals advised by it mostly remained at the same level in Q1 2025 compared to Q1 2024. Meanwhile, around half of the deals advised by JP Morgan during Q1 2025 were billion-dollar deals*. Moreover, these also included four mega deals valued more than $10bn, which played a pivotal role for JP Morgan is leading the pack by value. It also occupied the second position by volume”
Further analysis of the data indicates that JP Morgan also ranked second in deal volume, having advised on 56 transactions.
Goldman Sachs followed closely with 52 deals, while PwC and Morgan Stanley advised on 38 and 36 deals, respectively.
In terms of deal value, Goldman Sachs ranked second, advising on transactions worth $130.4bn. Morgan Stanley, Citi, and Barclays followed, with deal values of $96.7bn, $83.2bn, and $74.7bn, respectively.
GlobalData’s league tables are based on the real-time tracking of thousands of company websites, advisory firm websites and other reliable sources available on the secondary domain. A dedicated team of analysts monitors all these sources to gather in-depth details for each deal, including adviser names.
To ensure further robustness to the data, the company alsoseeks submissions of dealsfrom leading advisers.

The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Private Banker In Brief
Private Banker International : Private Banker International Focus (monthly)
Thematic Take (monthly)
I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance withPrivacy Policy
View all newslettersfrom across the GlobalData Media network.

Powered by
© Verdict Media Limited 2025
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

As part of GlobalData's extensive network of websites, this site is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation,  personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services.  Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessiblehere.We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.  We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website.By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’.