Title: JPMorgan's Dimon says US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Date: 2025-04-09 14:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorgans-dimon-says-us-recession-now-a-likely-outcome-144055331.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon called a US recession a "likely outcome" amid the turmoil triggered by President Trump's tariffs and warned that a negative market reaction to trade policies "could get worse if we don't make some progress." The boss of the largest US bank went a step further than how he described the ultimate economic outcome in his annual shareholder letter Monday, where he stopped short of predicting a recession even as he noted tariffs could lead to both short-term inflation and slower growth. When asked Wednesday on Fox Business Network's "Mornings with Maria" if he expects a recession, Dimon said "I am going to defer to my company, but I think probably that's a likely outcome." JPMorgan's own chief US economist, Michael Feroli, became the first major Wall Street bank researcher last week to predict a 2025 recession, attributing his call to "the weight of the tariffs." Dimon discussed other possible outcomes of the unfolding chaos, including stress among bank borrowers. When asked Wednesday whether he was seeing a rising number of companies default on their loans, Dimon said, "Not yet, but I expect them." "If you have rates going up a little bit, and inflation is sticky, and credit spreads are gapping out, which they're going to, I think you'll see more credit problems than people have seen in a long time," he added. More clues on how JPMorgan could be affected may come on Friday as the bank reports its first quarter earnings. The signs of stress on Wall Street have been mounting. IPOs and mergers were put on the shelf. Leverage loan deals were shoved to the sidelines. Bond sales were paused. US Treasury yields have also spiked this week, a development that Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent attributed to "some very large leveraged players" that are experiencing losses but said it is “nothing systemic." Bessent, also appearing on "Mornings with Maria," said of the chaos in the bond market that "this is one of those de-leveraging convulsions” that happen but added, "I believe that there is nothing systemic about this." "I think that it is an uncomfortable but normal de-leveraging that’s going on in the bond market." Dimon on Wednesday did offer some support for the larger goals of President Trump to make trade better for the US. "It is perfectly reasonable for someone to say trade was unfair," he said. Within the hour, the president applauded the comment with a post from his Truth Social account, saying, "'Fixing Trade and Tariffs is a good thing!'" — attributing the phrase to Dimon. But Dimon also urged the administration to make some progress on negotiations with other countries as a way of calming the market. "It's not over yet," Dimon said. "I'm taking a calm view, but I think it could get worse if we don't make some progress here." Every nation is weighing a response to US tariffs, he noted, just as every public company over the next 60-day earnings reporting period will need to share updated guidance for how they think tariffs could impact their results going forward. "People are going to get angry," he said. The best thing now is to “take a deep breath [and] negotiate some trade deals,” Dimon said, adding that trade deals are "very large and very complex, and can't be done overnight." David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Considering how much the stock markets have tanked since President Donald Trump announced his sweeping tariffs on April 3, you might be skittish about putting money into equities right now. Read Next:... Walmart maintains its outlook despite Trump tariffs taking hold. Global shipments of personal computers rose 9.4% in the first quarter of this year as PC makers boosted consignments to the United States in anticipation of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs, research firm Canalys said on Wednesday.  As higher tariffs on more countries across the globe take effect, both direct and indirect impacts could dampen a recovery in the PC market for the remainder of the year, Canalys said.  Pulling in shipments to the first quarter in anticipation of tariffs "allowed manufacturers and the channel to stock up ahead of potential cost increases, boosting sell-in shipments despite otherwise stable end-user demand," said Ishan Dutt, principal analyst at Canalys. (Bloomberg) -- The European Union approved tariffs to hit around €21 billion ($23.2 billion) of US goods in retaliation for the 25% duties President Donald Trump imposed last month on the bloc’s steel and aluminum exports.A majority of the EU’s 27 member states on Wednesday voted in favor of the penalties, some of which will start taking effect in mid-April. The tariffs will target politically sensitive American states and include products such as soybeans from Louisiana, home to House Speaker M I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
