Title: Oil Slump Accelerates on Signs OPEC+ Will Maintain Higher Output
Date: 2025-04-30 19:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-set-historic-april-selloff-045121940.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil settled below $60 a barrel for the first time in three weeks as signs emerged that the Saudi-led OPEC+ alliance may be entering a prolonged period of higher production.
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
West Texas Intermediate fell as much as 4.2% on Wednesday after Reuters reported that Saudi Arabian officials have been telling allies and industry experts that the kingdom can endure a sustained period of depressed prices. The most-active contract capped its biggest monthly decline since November 2021.
The report added to existing concerns that Saudi Arabia planned to steer OPEC+ to agree on another supply surge next week.
“This confirms the market’s fears that Saudi Arabia’s accelerated unwinds were not temporary, but a long-term strategy shift,” said Rebecca Babin, a senior energy trader at CIBC Private Wealth Group. It raises the question of whether “Saudi is going to repeat the 2020 playbook to dramatically increase production.”
OPEC+ rocked the crude market in early April, with a surprise decision to increase supply in May by 411,000 barrels a day, the equivalent of three monthly tranches from a previous plan. Morgan Stanley has said it expects a “meaningful surplus” to develop over time, while JPMorgan Chase & Co. warned the cartel may accelerate planned production increases at a meeting next week.
Beyond OPEC+, non-cartel nations are also expected to add supplies, including drillers in Canada and Guyana, feeding concerns about a global glut.
At the same time, hopes are fading that there will be quick breakthroughs in US-led trade negotiations, weighing on the outlook for energy demand. The US economy contracted for the first time since 2022 in the first quarter as a result of a surge in pre-tariff imports and softer consumer spending. In China, factory activity slipped into the worst contraction since December 2023, revealing early damage from the trade war.
Trump said in remarks to ABC News that China deserved the steep tariffs he’d imposed on their exports. Hee said later Wednesday that he didn’t want China’s products unless the country is fair.
--With assistance from Yongchang Chin.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
Oil futures surged late in a choppy session as President Trump threatened secondary sanctions against any country buying Iranian oil or petrochemical products.
LONDON (Reuters) -Britain is to restrict consumers' use of credit cards to buy crypto and their access to crypto lending products, the regulator said on Friday, a move aimed at improving protection as  cryptoassets are regulated for the first time.  The finance ministry this week said it would bring cryptocurrencies under compulsory regulation, with exchanges, dealers and issuers all coming under the existing rulebook.  Crypto trading has exploded in popularity, with around 7 million people - about 12% of the adult population - owning cryptoassets, but it remains largely unregulated, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) said.
Gold futures fell once again, making it six out of the last eight trading sessions that gold has finished lower. The risk appetite of traders appears to be showing a sustained rebound, although how long gold will sink in relation to that improved appetite for riskier assets is a question among analysts.
(Bloomberg) -- Starbucks Corp. is looking to cut how much it spends upgrading stores, which could help address investor anxiety over the price tag of turning the chain around.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowStarb
Countries across the Middle East and North Africa face significant challenges to economic growth as the region faces economic uncertainty due to tariff measures, lower-than-recent oil prices and cuts to financial aid, the International Monetary Fund said Wednesday.  The IMF's regional outlook report for the MENA region said Brent crude oil prices — which are down from highs above $120 a barrel in 2022 — are likely to be $65 to $69 per barrel in 2025 and 2026, making energy-exporting economies vulnerable to market fluctuations.  Tariff plans by the U.S. and other countries and geopolitical tensions also have created mounting economic uncertainty globally that is weighing down on the region's economies, which could negatively impact their growth by anywhere from 2% to 4.5%, said Jihad Azour, director for Middle East and Central Asia at the IMF.
AMSTERDAM (Reuters) -The sweeping trade tariffs announced by U.S. President Donald Trump would reduce economic growth in the Netherlands by a percentage point through 2026, Dutch economic policy adviser CPB said on Thursday.  Growth would be 0.4 percentage points lower this year than earlier predicted, and 0.6 percentage points less in 2026, the CPB said.  Investments would take the largest hit, the CPB said, due to the uncertainty about the global economic outlook.
Rick Rieder of BlackRock has been favoring higher-quality credit and shorter maturities. The allure of 5% mortgage securities.
US President Donald Trump's administration has been seeking contact with Beijing to initiate trade talks, according to a state-run media outlet in China. Bloomberg's Minmin Low explains how the Chinese side is framing the behind-the-scenes maneuvering between the world's two largest economies.
Strong earnings from big technology firms and easing trade tensions fueled a rally in stocks, lifting the Nasdaq Composite to levels last reached before President Trump’s tariff announcement touched off a roller-coaster April.  The tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 1.5%, up 0.6% from its April 2 close.  The S&P 500, which added 0.6% on Thursday, ended 1.2% shy of where it settled before Trump’s barrage of tariffs were unleashed from the White House Rose Garden.
Crypto enthusiasts descended on Dubai on Wednesday, gathering under the Gulf's scorching sun and hoping the industry's buoyant mood can keep going despite signs the euphoria around Donald Trump's crypto stance is ebbing.  Speakers at the two-day event in the desert city include chief executives at some of the world's major crypto firms, the head of digital assets at BlackRock and Goldman Sachs, as well as the U.S. president's son, Eric Trump, who is set to take the stage on Thursday.  Once a crypto sceptic, the U.S. president has vowed to support the industry by easing regulatory curbs and has even launched his own cryptocurrency, in a turnaround for the industry after a series of crypto company collapses in 2022.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio