Title: JP Morgan creates new green banking leadership role
Date: 2025-05-08 13:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jp-morgan-creates-green-banking-130926376.html?.tsrc=rss

By Virginia Furness LONDON (Reuters) -JP Morgan has bolstered its green finance and advisory offering in Europe with a new division head to support clients across renewable energy and green technology. The Wall Street lender has promoted Kai-Christian Nerger to the newly created role of head of green economy banking for Europe within its global corporate banking business, an internal memo seen by Reuters on Thursday said. Nerger, who has been at JP Morgan for more than 10 years, will lead a team helping the bank's European clients reduce their carbon emissions and benefit from growth opportunities in the green economy. Nerger previously worked in the bank's diversified industries and power and renewables coverage teams. Most recently he was focused on industrial, utility and green economy clients in Germany, the memo said. There has been a scaling back of climate ambitions at some North American and European banks, both before and after the election of U.S. President Donald Trump. JP Morgan itself in early January exited a banking alliance aimed at furthering climate ambitions in the sector. JP Morgan said in the memo that it continues to focus on helping clients scale energy transition and climate tech businesses around the world. JP Morgan has earmarked $1 trillion for initiatives that support climate action and facilitated $242 billion towards its green target since 2021. (Reporting by Virginia Furness; Editing by Ewan Harwood) The combined company plans to stockpile Bitcoin and offer tax-free equity swaps to accredited holders. SharkNinja expects consumers will still spend, but decisions may be tougher at a time when prices are expected to rise in response to tariffs. (Bloomberg) -- Molson Coors Beverage Co. lowered its full-year guidance as the challenging consumer environment in the US drives shoppers away from the company’s products.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsThe Coors Light and Miller Lite manufacturer now expects 2025 underlyin SANTIAGO (Reuters) -Amazon's cloud computing division will invest $4 billion to build its first data centers and other cloud infrastructure in Chile, the company's head of South Latin America told Reuters.  Amazon Web Services (AWS) expects the cloud region, its third in Latin America after Brazil and Mexico, to be operational by the second half of 2026. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around? Discover how credit limits work and what you can do to increase yours.