Title: Why Eli Lilly, Viking Therapeutics, and Novo Nordisk Stocks All Popped Friday
Date: 2025-05-02 15:55
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/02/eli-lilly-viking-novo-nordisk-stocks-pop/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
GLP-1 drug prices are falling. That's good news for patients, but perhaps not such good news for pharmaceutical stock investors.
Positive jobs news and positive rumors out of China are lifting stock markets today, as the U.S. Labor Department reports adjusted nonfarm payrolls grew by 177,000 jobs in April, and CNBC reports that China may be "evaluating the possibility of starting trade negotiations" that could abbreviate a trade war with the U.S. 
Within the pharmaceuticals industry in particular, shares of Eli Lilly (LLY 3.78%), Novo Nordisk (NVO 5.53%), and Viking Therapeutics (VKTX 2.85%) are all looking to close out the week strong. As of 10:30 a.m. ET, Lilly stock is gaining 2.8%, Viking is up 3.5%, and Novo Nordisk stock is doing best of all -- up 5.8%.
And why are big pharma stocks doing particularly well today? Let's ask Novo Nordisk...and JPMorgan, too.
You've probably heard how, earlier this week, Novo Nordisk inked a deal with Hims & Hers Health (HIMS 12.98%) that will permit the latter to distribute the former's blockbuster Wegovy weight-loss drug, right? Well, it turns out Hims wasn't the only drug distributor Novo was talking with.
Yesterday CVS Health (CVS -2.84%) announced that it will make Novo's Wegovy available to customers for a "more affordable price" than it charges for rival GLP-1 drug Zepbound (from Eli Lilly). CNBC predicts this will "significantly expand access to Novo Nordisk's blockbuster weight loss drug." It could also hamstring Lilly's efforts to take over the GLP-1 drug market and limit the benefits Viking might gain from bringing its own VK2735 weight loss drug to market. 
So great news for Novo Nordisk stock, and bad news for Lilly and Viking, right? Well, not so fast.
In a note covered by TheFly.com this morning, investment bank JPMorgan doesn't dispute that this news is good for Novo. However, the bank does believe that the sell-off of Lilly stock on the news (Lilly shares were down 12% yesterday, although part of that was due to earnings) is "overdone." In JPMorgan's view, CVS's move "will likely impact only a small portion of Eli Lilly's Zepbound business," and the bank therefore believes Lilly stock will still outperform the market. 
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 889% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 2, 2025
Investment banks Cantor Fitzgerald and Leerink are likewise doubling down on their support for Lilly stock today, according to reports on StreetInsider.com. 
I've said many times that from a valuation perspective, there's a lot less risk involved in buying Novo Nordisk stock at 19 times trailing earnings than in betting on Lilly to outperform from its present P/E ratio of nearly 65 times earnings. And a whole lot less risk in it than in buying still-unprofitable Viking.
What I think is perhaps most important to keep in mind, though, is the big picture in this space, and the big picture is this:
CVS is offering lower prices on Wegovy. Lilly is likely to cut prices at least somewhat to preserve its market share from the new threat, maybe cutting prices through a partner like Novo is doing, or maybe simply cutting its prices at the point of manufacture. Viking, once its own drug is ready for market, won't be able to charge as much, either. Any way you cut it, therefore, prices are coming down, and a price war is brewing in this space.
As more and more companies vie to enter the GLP-1 market (not just Viking; Roche and Pfizer are still trying to find their own ways in), and as the incumbents Novo and Lilly increase their own production, thus bringing more supply to market, the long-term story is that GLP-1 prices will erode, and profit margins will get thinner across all players.
How should an investor play this trend? My opinion remains the same:
Buy the cheapest GLP-1 stock, and you'll have less to lose. And right now, the cheapest GLP-1 stock is Novo Nordisk's.
Before you buy Novo Nordisk, you should know this:
The Motley Fool’s analysts are tracking a massive shift in U.S. tech. Over $1.5 trillion is already flowing into infrastructure, AI, and advanced manufacturing… and the number keeps climbing.
It’s all being driven by a short-term tariff pause that could expire any day. And while Novo Nordisk might look like a smart move, we think the real winner is a company 1/100th the size of NVIDIA.
It builds the tech infrastructure that Apple, OpenAI, and others suddenly can’t live without. We just released a full write-up on this under-the-radar stock to all Stock Advisor members — and why now might be the exact moment to move.
JPMorgan Chase is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Rich Smith has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends JPMorgan Chase and Pfizer. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health, Novo Nordisk, Roche Holding AG, and Viking Therapeutics. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/02/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.