Title: Big Bank investors 'on edge' despite strong Q1 results
Date: 2025-04-15 22:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/big-bank-investors-edge-despite-223109693.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Bank of America (BAC) and Citi (C) beat expectations with strong first quarter results, boosting investor confidence and lifting both stocks. RBC Capital Markets bank analyst Gerard Cassidy joins Market Domination to break down what's driving bank earnings.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.
Bank of America and Citi reporting first quarter earnings this morning, beating on the top and bottom lines and following a trend of strong Q1 bank earnings. For more, we're bringing in now Gerard Cassidy, analyst at RBC Capital markets, covering the banking sector. Gerard, it's great to see you as always. So, listen, the bank earnings they continue to roll in, Gerard. We heard from Bank of America and Citi this morning. Investors clearly like what they heard there. Both those stocks are higher in today's trade. Broadly, how would you characterize what we've heard, Gerard, from the sector you know so well? I mean, it has seemed generally positive, Gerard.
Josh, you're absolutely right. The results have been good. Um, the banks have generally beaten all of our estimates on the street consensus EPS estimates as well as my own. And I think part of the reason is of course, the capital markets businesses for the large money center banks and for Goldman and Morgan Stanley were really strong in trading, particularly equity trading. So that was a large reason for the beats from most of these companies. Also credit. Credit remains very resilient even though they're building up reserves as they're required to do under the new accounting standard called CECL, current expected credit losses. When I say new, it's January of 2020 when it was introduced. So I think what we're seeing is that you know, the first quarter of course had two months of no commentary about tariffs. It was only in March that the commentary started to be elevated. And April of course has been very volatile. So I think what we're seeing is first quarter results overall are better than expected. Credits strong. Capital levels are very healthy. Liquidity is high. It's really the future and the unknown of the future that has everybody on edge.
How long do you think the elevated volatility, that the trading volume that comes from that, can make up for muted deal activity? Can that continue for a couple of quarters or is there a limit to how far that could take you?
It's a really good question because it was outstanding in the first quarter and it did more than offset, you know, the lower, the lower numbers in some of the selected investment banking categories, particularly ECM, equity capital markets. The IPO market has really kind of fizzled out here due to this volatility. So you really need volatility and volumes to go with it to enable these larger firms to offset any slowdown in activity and advisory, which is M&A activity of course, and then the ECM business. Um, the DCM, debt capital markets had a very strong first couple of months of the year. It has slowed down a little bit. So you're right, we will need to see elevated volumes and volatility if the investment banking markets don't come back. Ideally, if we could have some resiliency in the markets and less volatility, you might get a combination of lower revenues and trading, but more than offset by incremental pickup in the advisory and the ECM business. So we'll have to see how that plays out, but right now the uncertainty is really weighing on the ECM and advisory business at this time.
Evy&nbsp;Hambro, BlackRock's fundamental equities thematic and sector investing head, discusses the outlook for gold prices as the precious metal rose above $3,291 an ounce for the first time, surpassing the previous all-time peak set on Monday.
Inflation in the United Kingdom fell for the second month running in March largely as a result of lower prices at the pump, official figures showed Wednesday, a move that is likely to pile pressure on the Bank of England to cut interest rates next month.  The Office for National Statistics said consumer prices rose by 2.6% in the year to March, down from 2.8% the previous month.
Wall Street is raking in even more money from trading than it did during the market’s Covid-19 era swings.  Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley all said a surge in trading revenue helped lift their profits last quarter and beat expectations.
Goldman's Chief China Equity Strategist Kinger Lau explains how to navigate market volatility and the delisting risks for Chinese companies. He also says Goldman is betting on sectors that stand to benefit from Beijing's stimulus measures. Lau was speaking on Bloomberg's The China Show.
Citi plans to spend more in 2025 than it did last year on fixing long-running risk, data, and compliance deficiencies, as it carries out a yearslong turnaround plan that it refers to as its “transformation.”  Citi CFO Mark Mason said on a call with reporters that the firm is working to move away from manual activity and automate parts of its risk management processes and compliance programs.  Citi is prioritizing its efforts to try and change that.
(Bloomberg) -- Beleaguered stock bulls are getting an encouraging sign from the people who know the companies best.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsCorporate insiders scooped up shares of their own companies at the fastest pace in 16 months as the S&P 500 sank in March, and they kept buying at an elevated clip as the rout accelerated th
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
