Bank of America Corporation (BAC)_ Among the Best Fintech Stocks to Buy in 2025
2025-04-29 04-37
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bank-america-corporation-bac-among-043711273.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Fintech Stocks to Buy in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against the other fintech stocks.
The terms finance and technology are combined to form the term fintech. This wide category includes companies that integrate modern technology into financial operations. Fintech companies include, for instance, those that create and run person-to-person payment applications and those that develop innovative digital payment processing solutions.
Many fintech stocks have recovered from the post-COVID-19 down market, but they are still well below their peak as we approach 2025. Nonetheless, the fintech industry has numerous opportunities for long-term potential.
In 2025, fintech is beginning to rebound. Global fintech funding rose to $8.5 billion in Q4 of 2024, a 12% increase from the previous quarter, according to CB Insights. While overall 2024 funding decreased 20% year on year, this is a significant improvement from the 48% and 44% declines in 2023 and 2022, respectively, showing that capital flows to the industry have stabilized.
The regulatory sentiment is also altering. For example, in a statement released on January 21, Travis Hill, acting chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, provided a list of priorities, including plans to
“adopt a more open-minded approach to innovation and technology adoption, which includes a more transparent approach to fintech partnerships and to digital assets and tokenization, and engagement to address growing technology costs for community banks.”
This suggests a more relaxed regulatory framework, which could stimulate a resurgence of fintech activity.
The fact that some of the biggest fintech companies, such as Swedish buy now, pay later unicorn Klarna and neobank Chime, are now indicating plans to go public is another significant clue that the industry is recovering from the blues. Furthermore, since financial monitoring is a crucial component of public markets, this probably signals profitability improvement, which has been a significant difficulty for the fintech industry.
Tyler Griffin, managing partner and cofounder of Restive Partners, stated to American Banker:
"I’d bet that the chief financial officer of every late-stage, privately funded company is at least exploring what an IPO in the near term looks like.”
The financial technology industry has never been static; rather, it thrives on challenging the status quo. Financial services have changed in recent years due to a combination of technological developments, regulatory changes, and economic disruptions. In 2024, fintech saw a massive spike in the usage of AI, mostly for internal use cases like operational efficiency and fraud detection. However, issues with accuracy and privacy continue to restrict consumer-facing applications. According to a Deloitte survey, the biggest obstacle to generative AI adoption in financial services, according to 35% of enterprises, is real-world errors. Financial organizations are hesitant to use AI tools directly with customers because of regulatory sensitivities. Nonetheless, enterprise adoption is speeding up. Within a year, Morgan Stanley introduced its "Debrief" assistant, which OpenAI powers. Meanwhile, BNY Mellon and OpenAI have partnered for several years.
For this article, we sifted through the Fintech ETFs and online rankings to form an initial list of the 25 Fintech Stocks. From the resultant dataset, we chose 12 stocks with the highest number of hedge fund investors, using Insider Monkey’s database of 1009 hedge funds in Q4 2024 to gauge hedge fund sentiment for stocks.  We have used the stock's revenue growth year-over-year as a tie-breaker in case two or more stocks have the same number of hedge funds invested.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter's strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A professional banker providing consultation to a customer in the security of his office.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 113
Contrary to popular belief, Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) is a fintech firm. CEO Brian Moynihan and his team have performed an outstanding job of strengthening asset quality and stressing efficiency in the more than 15 years since the 2008–2009 financial crisis. The role of technology has been significant. Javelin has ranked the firm as the best bank for "Online Banking and Mobile Banking Functionality," while Global Finance named it the "Best Consumer Digital Bank in the United States." The firm will become more efficient as more clients utilize the bank's first-rate digital channels. It is a distinctive and one of the Best Fintech Stocks that is worth exploring.
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) reported $27.4 billion in revenue in the first quarter of 2025, a 6% year-over-year growth. Across all company segments, higher noninterest income was the main driver of the rise. Moreover, net interest income increased by 3% to $14.4 billion from the previous year.
The balance sheet of Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) continued to rise, with average deposits of $1.96 trillion for the seventh consecutive quarter. During the quarter, the business returned $6.5 billion to shareholders, including $2.0 billion in dividends on common stock and $4.5 billion in share repurchases.
After the company "leaps over lowered bar" with its quarterly performance, UBS increased its price objective on Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) from $46 to $50 and maintained a Buy rating on the shares.
Overall BAC ranks 3rd among the best fintech stocks to buy in 2025. While we acknowledge the potential of BAC as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than BAC but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks to Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
JPM and BAC dominate U.S. banking. But one of them offers investors better long-term value. Let's find out which stock deserves a place in your portfolio.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...
Here are the essential steps for stock traders to get from start to finish.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...