Title: Corporate insiders flash bullish stock sign by buying into rout
Date: 2025-04-16 09:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/corporate-insiders-flash-bullish-stock-093000363.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) — Beleaguered stock bulls are getting an encouraging sign from the people who know the companies best. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs Corporate insiders scooped up shares of their own companies at the fastest pace in 16 months as the S&P 500 (^GSPC) sank in March, and they kept buying at an elevated clip as the rout accelerated this month in the wake of President Donald Trump’s global tariff rollout. Some 180 corporate insiders purchased their own stock in the first two weeks of the month, data compiled by the Washington Service show. This has tipped the buy/sell ratio to 0.40, keeping it near the highest level since late 2023. While corporate executives often buy stock for reasons unrelated to market performance, the uptick in purchases suggests a confidence in their companies that’s reassuring to investors who’ve been battered by the weeks-long selloff. “This is a positive sign,” said Matt Lloyd, chief investment strategist at Advisors Asset Management. “Investors are still mired in a negative feedback loop, given trade and economic uncertainty. So it’s pivotal for this trend to continue as the stock market attempts to get its sea legs.” Growing optimism from corporate executives stands in contrast to the broader risk-off mood. Investor sentiment regarding economic prospects is the most negative in three decades. Global fund managers are gloomy, with 82% of respondents to a monthly Bank of America global survey expected the global economy to weaken. A record number of them intend to reduce exposure to US equities, according to the poll. That’s as investors are dealing with inflation that risks becoming entrenched because of a global trade war and the possibility of a recession. It’s the reason some, like EP Wealth Advisors’ Adam Phillips, are reluctant to overstate the trend of insider share purchases. “Like so many others, a lot of these companies are flying blind as they await clarity around trade policies,” Phillips, managing director of portfolio strategy at the firm, said. Buying and selling among corporate executives has a track record of providing an early read on market direction. The insider buy-sell ratio jumped in August 2015 and late 2018, with the former preceding a market bottom and the latter coinciding with one. In March 2020, corporate insiders’ purchases correctly signaled the bottom of a bear-market rout. The number of sellers historically exceeds that of buyers as executives often view their stock as a source of cash. Earlier this year, corporate insiders timed the stock-market correction right before the S&P 500 Index peaked in mid-February. They dumping shares of their own companies in most of January at an unprecedented pace, before reversing the move in the final days of the month. This time, cash levels have posted their largest two-month increase since the throes of the pandemic, according to BofA, which could bode well for stocks when sentiment turns around. The money they’re sitting on could be used to buy stocks, and Plurimi Wealth’s Patrick Armstrong argues that now is precisely the time to build that equities exposure. “The fact that insiders are scooping up their shares, cash levels are climbing and sentiment is so extremely bearish is an early indicator that the market selloff is beginning to make stocks more attractive,” Armstrong, who is the firm’s chief investment officer, said. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Demand for coal has been hampered by consumers switching to cheaper natural gas stockpiles for energy, but that trend is expected to change after U.S. President Donald Trump signed executive orders earlier this month aiming to boost coal production.  "CSX faced operational challenges to start the year, which contributed to first quarter results that did not meet our expectations," CEO Joe Hinrichs said in a statement.  Intermodal shipping, which involves two or more means of transportation for goods, saw a 2.1% rise in volume during the quarter, while that of coal fell 8.5%. The new accounts will invest in “America First” companies and be part of a broader suite of crypto ETFs. DJT shares rose on the news but are still down sharply this year. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent sat down exclusively with Yahoo Finance as  economic uncertainty from Trump administration's tariffs continues to weigh on investors. Shein and Temu, sellers of everything from toys to smartphones, had grown rapidly in the U.S. thanks in part to the "de minimis" exemption that allowed duty-free entry for merchandise priced below $800, enabling the companies to keep prices low.  However, their business model has come under pressure from a recent executive order signed by Trump that closes the trade loophole and goes into effect on May 2.  Shein dresses are currently priced between $6 and $91 on its website, while Temu sells them at anywhere between $2.48 and $210 online. The U.S. bond market could come under further pressure, according to a research note published by JPMorgan. Facilitating and financing trades is proving to be a winning proposition for big banks in a chaotic market. U.S. shoppers stepped up their shopping last month, fueled by a spending spree on big ticket items, particularly cars, before President Donald Trump’s expansive new tariffs started kicking in.  Retail sales rose 1.4% in March, after rising 0.2% in February, according to the Commerce Department.  Retail sales fell 1.2% in January, hurt in part by cold weather that kept more Americans indoors, denting sales at car dealers and most other stores. Looking for the best money market account interest rates available today? Here’s a look at where to find the highest rates and whether now is a good time to open a money market account. ASML Holding shares fell in premarket trading Wednesday after the Dutch manufacturer of semiconductor-producing machinery reported worse-than-expected first-quarter net bookings and issued a soft current-quarter sales outlook. (Reuters) -U.S. tariffs on pharmaceuticals could eventually mean higher prices for brand-name medicines, but in the near term the costs would likely be absorbed by drugmakers rather than patients whose payments are often set by health insurance.  U.S. health insurers, which pay the bulk of prescription drug costs, act as a buffer between drugmakers and patients, with beneficiaries subject to co-pays and co-insurance based on the prices insurers negotiate with drugmakers.  "Patented drugs are already generally set at the price the market will bear, so in that sense manufacturers are not likely to substantially increase the prices of these drugs," said Melissa Barber, postdoctoral fellow at Yale University and an expert on drug pricing. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
