Title: US Dollar Weakness Returns as Trade War Fears Hurt US Assets
Date: 2025-04-16 08:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-dollar-weakness-returns-trade-075906710.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- A gauge of the dollar resumed declines following a short-lived reprieve as concerns over an expanding trade war dented demand for US assets.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
The greenback hit a fresh six-month low, falling against every Group-of-10 currency, as new restrictions by the Trump administration on Nvidia Corp.’s chip exports to China added to the risk-off sentiment. It slightly pared losses after China said it wants to see a number of steps from the US administration before it agrees to trade talks.
“All this uncertainty and talk of more tariffs is fueling the idea of de-risking from US assets — sell the dollar,” said Rodrigo Catril, senior foreign-exchange strategist at National Australia Bank Ltd. in Sydney. “Euro and Swiss franc are prime candidates of that flow, even as the trade war escalates and global growth deteriorates.”
Haven currencies including the Swiss franc and yen rallied earlier alongside the euro while demand for long-volatility exposure surged. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index slid as much as 0.6% on Wednesday after rising for the first time in six days on Tuesday.
The greenback gauge has slumped more than 3% so far in April, on track for its steepest monthly decline since late 2022, amid deepening concerns about a trade war-driven US recession and the dollar’s appeal as a safe haven.
“We see the era of strong dollar as having peaked,” Jefferies International chief economist and strategist Mohit Kumar wrote in a note to clients. “US dollar weakness is likely to continue. Our favorite version of a weaker dollar has been long gold as central banks seek to diversify out of US dollar in alternatives.”
In another sign of weakening confidence in traditional safe-haven US assets, Treasuries suffered their worst selloff in more than two decades last week due to worries that foreign holders such as China were reducing ownership.
Fund managers are the most bearish on the dollar since 2006, according to a Bank of America survey. That sentiment is now spilling into options markets, where traders are paying a premium — for the first time in five years — to hedge against a weaker greenback over the next 12 months.
What Bloomberg strategists say...
“The US’s tariff policy, capital outflow, and the assault on the dollar as a politically meddle-free global financial instrument are keeping pressure on the US currency. In this environment, other currencies, such as sterling, are likely to remain overall supported, with weak domestic fundamentals only providing fleeting headwinds, until the dollar looks cheap enough again to attract buyers despite its new risks.”
—Simon White, Macro Strategist, London
One-week risk reversals, a gauge of sentiment, show the same trend as they hover near record bearish levels, while volatility gauges indicate traders aren’t counting on calm anytime soon. Some are positioning for a slow grind lower using leveraged options structures.
--With assistance from Masaki Kondo and Alice Gledhill.
(Updates throughout with latest moves, comment and options context.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Argentina's libertarian President Javier Milei rolled the dice this week on a major economic swerve, tearing down currency controls that had been in place for almost six years to protect the peso and avert an outflow of dollars.  The country's long-suffering peso weakened more than 10% on Monday before stabilizing in the middle of a wide new trading band that replaced a tightly-controlled currency peg, but avoided the more messy and chaotic crash that some had feared.  The faster-than-expected lifting of FX controls - long promised by Milei and sought by investors - has got some on Wall Street waxing lyrical about the South American nation emerging from years of economic tumult, overspending and market distortion.
(Reuters) -ASML, the world's biggest supplier of computer chip-making equipment, said on Wednesday that tariffs were increasing uncertainty around its outlook for 2025 and 2026, but stood by its annual guidance as the race for AI rages on.  CEO Christophe Fouquet said his conversations with customers supported ASML's expectations that 2025 and 2026 would be growth years.  "However, the recent tariff announcements have increased uncertainty in the macro environment," Fouquet said in a quarterly earnings statement.
(Bloomberg) -- Beleaguered stock bulls are getting an encouraging sign from the people who know the companies best.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsCorporate insiders scooped up shares of their own companies at the fastest pace in 16 months as the S&P 500 sank in March, and they kept buying at an elevated clip as the rout accelerated th
We recently published a list of Tech Firms Dominate Monday’s 10 Worst Performers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nebius Group NV (NASDAQ:NBIS) stands against other tech firms that dominate Monday’s worst performers. Wall Street’s main indices kicked off the trading week in the green territory, albeit with minimal […]
(Reuters) -U.S. tariffs on pharmaceuticals could eventually mean higher prices for brand-name medicines, but in the near term the costs would likely be absorbed by drugmakers rather than patients whose payments are often set by health insurance.  U.S. health insurers, which pay the bulk of prescription drug costs, act as a buffer between drugmakers and patients, with beneficiaries subject to co-pays and co-insurance based on the prices insurers negotiate with drugmakers.  "Patented drugs are already generally set at the price the market will bear, so in that sense manufacturers are not likely to substantially increase the prices of these drugs," said Melissa Barber, postdoctoral fellow at Yale University and an expert on drug pricing.
Big banks are offering the latest view of how their customers are faring amid President Trump's tariff turmoil, and it's not all bad — at least for now.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
