2025 Specialty Asset Management Outlook Released by Bank of America
2025-04-30 13-24
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2025-specialty-asset-management-outlook-132400719.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Amid elevated long-term interest rates and persistent inflation, investors turn to real assets to help mitigate market risk
CHARLOTTE, N.C., April 30, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Bank of America released a 2025 Specialty Asset Management (SAM) Outlook (PDF) on the market dynamics impacting commercial real estate (CRE), farmland, timberland and energy assets. The paper finds real assets play an increasingly important role in diversifying a portfolio as investors seek to position themselves for long-term wealth creation in a dynamic market.
"Characteristics of real assets, such as generally being uncorrelated with traditional investments and serving as a hedge against inflation, are increasingly relevant in the current environment," said Ken Shepard, SAM Executive at Bank of America Private Bank. "For well-informed, long-term investors, 2025 will be a good year to selectively build positions in certain real asset sectors." 
The following themes are explored in the 2025 SAM Outlook:
CRE demonstrates positive momentum: While CRE has weathered a range of challenges over the past few years, investor confidence in the space is growing, signaled by rebalancing supply and demand, stabilizing valuations and increasing liquidity.
Farmland offers a pathway to stability and diversification: The 2025 crop year holds opportunity for knowledgeable investors as competitive pressures lessen and farmland values remain stable to slightly lower, allowing for more strategic maneuvering.
Timberland bridges market uncertainties: Long-term investors with lower risk profiles in search of alternatives may find timberland an attractive investment, as biological growth is largely insulated from market cycles and geopolitical risk.
Energy use increases globally: Myriad factors, including population growth, expanding manufacturing and rising living standards in emerging economies, have paved the way for increased energy usage. Looking ahead, the domestic energy supply will favor natural gas, renewables and other carbon-friendly sources.
Bank of America's SAM team has extensive experience managing timber, farm and ranch land, oil, gas and mineral interests, real estate and private businesses. The team works with ultra-high-net-worth Bank of America Private Bank and Merrill clients who own or seek to acquire real assets, as well as provide a wide range of services in managing these complex assets.
Learn more about diversifying wealth through nonfinancial assets.
Bank of America
Bank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving approximately 69 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3,700 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BAC).
Bank of America Private Bank is a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, fine art, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value. Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity. Nonfinancial assets are in the best interest of all investors. Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
Investment products:  
Are Not FDIC Insured 
Are Not Bank Guaranteed 
May Lose Value  
For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts.
Reporters may contact:
Julia Ehrenfeld, Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.646.855.3267julia.ehrenfeld@bofa.com
MAP7872298
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/2025-specialty-asset-management-outlook-released-by-bank-of-america-302442720.html
SOURCE Bank of America Corporation
Duke Energy (DUK) closed at $122.02 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.26% move from the prior day.
The headline numbers for VICI Properties (VICI) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was […]
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.