Title: Big Bank earnings, Fed commentary, tax deadline: What to Watch
Date: 2025-04-14 23:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/big-bank-earnings-fed-commentary-230000867.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Yahoo Finance host Josh Lipton highlights what to watch on Tuesday, April 15. Earnings reports are expected from Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Albertsons (ACI), and United Airlines (UAL), as well as major banks like Bank of America (BAC) and Citi (C). Fresh Federal Reserve commentary is coming as Fed Governor Lisa Cook is set to speak. The deadline to file 2024 federal income tax returns is also on Tuesday. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here. Time now for to watch Tuesday, April 15th, and sponsored by Tasty Trades. Starting off on the earnings front, we're going to be getting some earnings from Johnson & Johnson, Albertsons, and United Airlines. United announced results for the first quarter after the market closed. Analysts expecting weaker demand to weigh on United's Q1 profit. Investors will listen closely for any commentary on the call about guidance. Last week, remember fellow airline Delta pulled its full-year guidance because of uncertainty from President Trump's tariffs. Sticking with earnings, more bank earnings, they are on the way in the morning. That includes Bank of America, City, and PNC. Bank of America announcing results for the first quarter before the markets open. Analysts expecting that the big banks' profits from interest income could face pressure due to slower loan demand and shifting expectations for interest rates. And moving over to the Fed, we're going to be getting some commentary from Fed Governor Lisa Cook. This coming after comments today from Fed Governor Christopher Waller. Waller saying that he's expecting the impact of tariffs on inflation to be temporary. And finally, if you're still working on your federal tax filing, now is the time to get it in. The deadline to file your 2024 federal income tax return is tomorrow. Bank of America and Citigroup are expected to notch higher revenue and profit when they post results Tuesday morning.  On Monday, Goldman Sachs reported profit that jumped 15% from a year earlier as its trading business boomed. We recently published a list of Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s Top 10 Stocks Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where United Airlines (NASDAQ:UAL) stands against other Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s top stock picks with huge upside potential. Wall Street is overflowing with data. If companies are not […] Goldman Sachs Group Inc.'s stock traders posted their highest quarterly revenue haul on record, riding a wave of volatility triggered by an emerging global trade war that's roiled financial markets. KBW Analyst of Large Cap Banks David Konrad has more on the story. The start of a new trading week was quite the boon for established Chinese tech stocks.  A respite -- perhaps even a reversal -- in the recent trade conflict with the U.S. resulted in a surge of bullishness for the sector, and a host of known titles saw encouraging price boosts.  Among these were Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA), which notched a nearly 6% gain on the day. We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining the […] Weirdly, the sale could result in competitor Dollar General (NYSE: DG), still a standalone business, being the big winner from the transaction.  When Dollar Tree bought peer Family Dollar for roughly $9 billion in 2015, management's idea was that it could find a way to synergistically operate two discount chains with different approaches: Dollar Tree, with its core concept of selling everything in the store for $1 or less, and Family Dollar, with its approach of basically being a low-cost local convenience store. Johnson & Johnson  is scheduled to report its  fiscal first-quarter earnings before markets open on Tuesday, but the company has bigger hurdles to clear than meeting Wall Street’s expectations.  While shares have lagged behind the  for the past three years, J&J remains up 6.7% in 2025 versus the broader market’s 8.1% decline.  Part of the appeal is J&J’s resilience in the face of a potential recession. A federal judge ordered Bank of America to pay $540.3 million in a long-running Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation lawsuit accusing the second-largest U.S. bank of underpaying what it owed for deposit insurance.  In a decision made public on Monday, U.S. District Judge Loren AliKhan in Washington, D.C., said the payment covers assessments from the second quarter of 2013 through the end of 2014, plus interest.  The FDIC sued Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America for $1.12 billion in 2017, accusing it of reducing its deposit insurance contributions by failing to honor a 2011 rule that changed how banks report risk exposure to counterparties. A weaker-than-expected revenue report was the news item driving down LVMH Moët Hennessy -- Louis Vuitton's (OTC: LVMUY) American depositary shares (ADS) on Monday.  On Sunday, LVMH published details of its first-quarter revenue, showing that its total top line for the period was just over 20.3 billion euros ($23.1 billion).  Fashion and leather goods, by far its most significant in terms of revenue, was buffeted by a 5% decline from the first-quarter 2024 result, bringing in $11.5 billion. Goldman Sachs raised its end-2025 gold price forecast Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
