Title: Is Bank of America Corporation (BAC) the Best Beginner Stock?
Date: 2025-04-06 23:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bank-america-corporation-bac-best-230040089.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of Starter Stock Portfolio 12 Safe Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other best beginner stocks. The US stock market has experienced a turbulent first quarter of 2025, marked by increased volatility and negative returns across the major indices. Concerns surrounding tariffs, economic data, and the performance of key technology stocks contributed to this challenging period for investors. The year began with the revelation of DeepSeek, an Artificial Intelligence (AI) software developed in China, which rivalled its US competitors, such as ChatGPT. The software was considered revolutionary compared to others, sending shockwaves across the global markets. Reuters reported a global investor sell-off across US indexes, with one of the major tech companies alone losing $593 million in one day. The US government was quick to implement policies that are aimed to promote US-listed tech firms while simultaneously reducing the impact of the DeepSeek AI, such as the use of tariffs against trade with Chinese firms. The uncertainty of the US economy added to the market volatility after the Federal Reserve announced it would maintain interest between 4.25% and 4.50% in the short term. The banking sector, which is considered a good investment during times of high interest rates, is not completely immune. Analysts who previously considered 2025 to be a low-interest rate year will now price in the impact of possible NPLs (non-performing loans) due to consistent fed rates. In March, President Trump announced further global tariffs on Europe and China, fuelling the concerns of investors. In retaliation, Europe introduced counter tariffs. Emily Bowersock Hill, CEO and founding partner at Bowersock Capital Partners, which has $850M in assets under management, responded in an email to the methodology in calculating the tariffs by the US as: “So simplistic, and frankly primitive as to leave the market wondering, did its architects ever take Econ 101?” The US announced tariffs of 54% on Chinese goods, which will take effect on April 9, 2025. China, in response, implemented “reciprocal” tariffs on US goods of 34%, as reported by the country’s official Xinhua News Agency. This led to the US market indexes experiencing the biggest drop since COVID-19, with investors concerned about the impact of these tariffs on the supply chains of companies globally. The US economy is considered to be entering “continuous stagflation”, which is defined as continued inflation with very low growth and high unemployment. The Cboe Volatility Index (aka VIX) is currently at 29.68%, well above its 1-year average of 17.6%. In such economic conditions, investors should seek stocks which should provide steady/ growing revenue, dividend growth, low cyclicality, and significant cash flows and have a durable competitive advantage. Systemically important sectors are thus ideal for investors, including energy, real estate, healthcare, finance, and tech. For this list, we analyzed the Tech, Finance, Real Estate, Energy, and Healthcare industries to identify the top stocks for each sector and their historical performance against the market. We then used Insider Monkey’s Q4 2024 proprietary hedge fund holdings database and identified the 12 most popular hedge fund stocks. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of their hedge fund positions. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A professional banker providing consultation to a customer in the security of his office. No. of Hedge Fund Holders: 113 Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) is a global financial institution offering a wide array of products and services across four segments: Consumer Banking, Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM), Global Banking, and Global Markets. It is among the best beginner stocks to invest in. The banking sector is usually a safe bet for any portfolio. Investors would believe the Fed’s announcement to maintain interest rates at current levels would be beneficial, however, this also leads to reduced consumer spending due to rising inflation, which can negatively impact a bank’s performance. High interest rates can lead to high debt servicing by companies, leading to head-count reduction (aka unemployment). As a result, consumers are unable to make timely payments on their credit card bills, car loans, and mortgages, leading to higher NPLs. Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) delivered solid financials for the fourth quarter of 2024, with revenue of $25.35 billion, beating estimates by $220.32 million. Its EPS came in at $0.82, narrowly beating estimates by $0.05. The net income amounted to $6.7 billion. For the full year 2024, the bank’s revenue was $102 billion, its net income of $27 billion, and its EPS came in at $3.21. The bank shared guidance for the upcoming quarter with revenue of $26.93 billion and an EPS of $0.82. Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) has managed to weather not only the recent inflationary crisis of 2024 but also COVID-19. The stock has an upside of 50.43%, with a consensus among analysts of the average twelve-month trading price at $51.31. Overall, BAC ranks 9th on our list of best beginner stocks. While we acknowledge the potential of BAC, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than BAC but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. We recently published a list of 13 Best Big Data Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best big data stocks to buy according to analysts. The big data companies focus on collecting, storing, and analyzing huge amounts […] We recently published a list of 11 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where EQT Corporation (NYSE:EQT) stands against other best American energy stocks to buy now. On Friday, April 4, oil futures reached multiyear lows following China’s response to the tariffs imposed by […] We recently published a list of Chinese Stocks Dominate Monday’s 10 Worst Performers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where TAL Education Group (NYSE:TAL) stands against other Chinese stocks that performed worst on Monday. Wall Street’s main indices finished mixed on Monday as investors remained cautious amid the escalating trade […] Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
