Eli Manning to Put Together Bid for New York Giants Stake
2025-04-29 18-37
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eli-manning-put-together-bid-164626849.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Former New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning is putting together an investment group to bid for a piece of the National Football League team, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
Most Read from Bloomberg
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
At Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black History
At the National Public Housing Museum, an Embattled Idea Finds a Home
In February, the New York Giants announced the Mara and Tisch families had retained Moelis & Co. to explore the potential sale of a minority, non-controlling stake in the New York Giants.
Manning, who led the team to two Super Bowl victories, including its last in 2012, has spoken to investors including retired NFL players, said the people, who asked not to be identified discussing confidential information.
As much as 10% of the Giants is for sale, the people said, with the stake likely to be split among a number of different investors. In December, the Buffalo Bills sold a minority stake to 10 different investors including Bank of America Corp.’s Mike Joo, Accel-KKR’s Rob Palumbo, Gridiron Capital’s Tom Burger, Acrew Capital’s Theresia Gouw and Meritech Capital’s Rob Ward.
In January, Manning said he would like to buy a stake in the Giants if it ever came up for sale. “There’s probably only one team I’d be interested in pursuing,” he said in an interview with CNBC. “It’s the one I played for for 16 years.”
The effort to sell a stake in the Giants is ongoing, and no final decisions have been made, one of the people said. Representatives for Manning and Moelis didn’t immediately have a comment. The Giants declined to comment.
NFL teams have soared in value in recent years, largely boosted by significant media-rights deals. The Giants could be valued at about $8 billion, according to sports-team investors and advisers.
Manning is estimated to have earned more than $200 million during his sporting career, and has since built up his wealth from broadcasting income and advertising partnerships. The two-time Super Bowl quarterback is also a partner at private equity firm Brand Velocity Group. Manning also is a minority owner of Gotham FC, which counts Carolyn Tisch Blodgett as its governor.
The Giants are one of the five teams that joined the NFL in 1925, and have been owned by the Mara family since then. In 1991, the Tisch family bought 50% of the team. The Giants’ 2012 championship win was one of four Super Bowl victories in the franchise’s history.
A minority stake purchase by Manning would follow Tom Brady and Richard Seymour’s purchase of a slice of the Las Vegas Raiders, which was approved by NFL owners in October.
Sign up for Bloomberg’s Business of Sports newsletter for the context you need on the collision of power, money and sports, from the latest deals to the newest stakeholders. Delivered weekly.
(Updates with Manning’s Gotham FC stake in eighth paragraph. A previous version of this story was corrected to say Giants have had four Super Bowl wins in penultimate paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
JPM and BAC dominate U.S. banking. But one of them offers investors better long-term value. Let's find out which stock deserves a place in your portfolio.
(Reuters) -Canadian business jet manufacturer Bombardier reported higher first-quarter revenue on Thursday, owing to increased aircraft deliveries and growth in aftermarket services, but the company's gains fell slightly short of investor expectations.  Bombardier President and CEO Eric Martel said he sees more opportunities than dangers amid the economic uncertainty kicked off by U.S. President Donald Trump's trade war with Canada and other nations.  Economic uncertainty caused some order discussions to stall in March, Martel said during an earnings call on Thursday.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.