Title: Big banks maintain 'the sky is not falling' amid Trump tariff turmoil. So far.
Date: 2025-04-16 08:00:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/big-banks-maintain-the-sky-is-not-falling-amid-trump-tariff-turmoil-so-far-080012863.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Big banks are offering the latest view of how their customers are faring amid President Trump's tariff turmoil, andit's not all bad— at least for now. "The message has really been that the sky is not falling," Saul Martinez, a bank analyst for HSBC, told Yahoo Finance on Tuesday. Five of the country's largest banks over the past week posted first quarter rises in profits and revenue, driven in part by trading operations that benefited from the market volatility triggered by the initial rollout of Trump's first tariffs in February and March. Read more:The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs Collectively, net profits at JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), Citigroup (C), Morgan Stanley (MS), and Goldman Sachs (GS) amounted to $35 billion, a 13% increase from the year-ago quarter. Revenue also rose at all of these banks. Trading revenue alone jumped 17% to more than $36 billion. Many banks said their consumer customers were still spending, defaults were still manageable, and businesses were not experiencing distress despite the uncertainty about the months ahead. None of the institutions with big Wall Street footprints updated their earnings outlooks for the rest of the year, either. What these results didn't include, however, was the volatile period that followed Trump's April 2 "Liberation Day" tariff announcement, which took place two days after the quarter ended. Stocks and bonds plunged and have yet to fully recover, ushering in new uncertainty about the economy and the safety of US assets. "We're surprised about the degree of ongoing firmwide strength at all 5 big banks ... and the more than expected upbeat views," said Wells Fargo banking analyst Mike Mayo in a Tuesday note. "To us, it all says that events since Apr 2 can still be little more than a speed bump, so long as policy moves faster to help ease most of the uncertainty," he added, in reference to promised deregulation of the banking industry expected from the Trump administration. Not that banks and their top executives were entirely upbeat. Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon said that the prospect of a recession "has increased." JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said the economy faces "considerable turbulence," with a recession as a "likely outcome." In such a scenario, he added, "earnings won't be great and the stocks will go down." But many bankers were noticeably more optimistic. The word "recession" did not come up once on Citigroup's Tuesday earnings calls with analysts. Jane Fraser, CEO of Citigroup, also offered an optimistic vision of the current turmoil. "When all is said and done, and longstanding trade imbalances and other structural shifts are behind us, the U.S. will still be the world's leading economy," she said in a statement with the bank's Tuesday earnings release. Brian Moynihan, CEO of Bank of America,went out of his way on Tuesdayto note that his bank's research team doesn't see a recession happening in 2025. Read more:What is a recession, and how does it impact you? US consumers, he added, keep "pushing money into the economy," and the lender's business clients "remain profitable, liquid and have strong results." But "nobody has a perfect crystal ball," Moynihan acknowledged, noting that "we potentially face a changing economy in the future." Some banks even showed a rise in investment banking income during the first quarter, defying predictions of a slowdown. Executives acknowledged some deals were now on hold due to uncertainties, but many described the pullbacks as temporary rather than long-lasting. "I'm saying pause versus delete," Morgan Stanley CEO Ted Pick told analysts of the current investment banking environment. "We don't know whether the economy is going to contract." Even amid the optimism, there were signs that banks are preparing for harder times. JPMorgan, Bank of America, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo (WFC) added $8.4 billion in provisions to account for future loan losses. The figure was 29% higher than the year-ago period and 9% higher than the previous quarter. "We're still in a cloudy period. It's going to be choppy from here, and it's exhausting,” Ken Leon, an analyst for CFRA Research, told Yahoo Finance. David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds. Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it. Deciding to retire can feel a bit unnerving. Retirees have plenty to potentially worry about – some of which they have no control over – like how the market will perform and how fast prices at the supermarket will increase. But regardless of the economic environment, simple mistakes can prove costly for retirees. Here are […] The post A Successful Retirement May Hinge on Avoiding These Careless Mistakes appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.