Title: Bank of America CFO says business owners seek clarity on trade policy and prepare for a ‘slow-growth
Date: 2025-04-16 11:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bank-america-cfo-says-business-113218837.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Good morning. Business leaders are working to manage volatility and an evolving economic environment, as the goalpost keeps moving on policies.
Bank of America (BofA) CFO Alastair Borthwick offered some insight into what the bank is hearing from its commercial clients—concerns over trade policy and recent market turmoil have grown. “What our clients are telling us is they're looking for certainty,” Borthwick said during a media call on Tuesday. BofA’s commercial clients range from small businesses to middle-market and large corporations.
They’re seeking clarity, not just around trade policy, but also the tax package and regulatory reform. “Every day provides a little more information” and also “a little bit more in the way of certainty for people,” he said.
He added: “It's a slow-growth environment. That's what we continue to try and support our clients through.”
CFOs certainly are grappling with tariff uncertainty. Some are taking actions such as devising alternative-sourcing plans, stockpiling greater inventory, and creating financial buffers.
However, BofA's research team at this point doesn't believe we'll see a recession, Borthwick said. And clients continue to show "encouraging signs." Employment remains healthy, and consumers have proven resilient, he said.
For its Q1, Bank of America reported on Tuesday net income of $7.4 billion and earnings per share of 90 cents, up from 76 cents the same time last year. Revenue growth was 6%. It was driven by net interest income (NII), which was up 3% from the prior year, reaching $14.6 billion, partially helped by lower deposit costs. NII is the difference between what the bank earns on loans and investments and pays out on its liabilities, including deposits.
BofA maintained its guidance that NII will reach $15.5 to $15.7 billion in the fourth quarter and achieve 6% to 7% year-over-year growth for 2025, Borthwick said. This goes against the grain of what’s becoming more common this earnings season—some companies are pulling guidance due to tariff tumult.
“We run our business to withstand volatility over the short and the long term and through our responsible growth strategy,” Borthwick said on the media call. BofA is prepared to manage through any potential downturn in the economy, he said.
An analyst asked during BofA’s Q1 earnings call on Tuesday if there will be any potential impacts from the U.S. stock market losing trillions in wealth following the announcement of the Trump administration's sweeping tariff policy.
The real risk in any bank's balance sheet is going to be its credit posture, CEO Brian Moynihan said on the call. Even if there is “a very slight recession…we should fare well in that,” he said.
No one has a crystal ball to perfectly predict the future, Moynihan said. BofA is positioning itself for every outcome, he said. “But we don't want people to lose sight of the strong performance of this company and our team in the first quarter of 2025,” Moynihan said.
Sheryl Estradasheryl.estrada@fortune.com
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
The purchases are a sign of confidence despite growing concern about an economic slowdown this year.
As chair of the House Financial Services Committee, French Hill is helping shepherd key crypto legislation.
Patreon is finally experimenting with native livestreaming, a new feature that could attract more creators and help them earn more money. The capability is rolling out to select testers this week and will become more widely available this summer. Similar to other platforms, Patreon’s new livestream feature comes with a live chat where fans can comment and interact using emoji reactions, as well as the ability to schedule livestreams in advance. Creators can also assign moderators to the chat. Pa
A pseudonymous developer has created what they're calling a "free speech eval," SpeechMap, for the AI models powering chatbots like OpenAI's ChatGPT and X's Grok. The goal is to compare how different models treat sensitive and controversial subjects, the developer told TechCrunch, including political criticism and questions about civil rights and protest. AI companies have been focusing on fine-tuning how their models handle certain topics as some White House allies accuse popular chatbots of be
Yoobic addresses growing industry needs across high-end goods, cosmetics, supermarkets, QSR and consumer products.
The pause came after the planned acquisition of Anglo American's coal business went under review.
The decision was taken due to depleting open-pit reserves.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
