Title: Bank of America Corporation (BAC) Is a Trending Stock: Facts to Know Before Betting on It
Date: 2025-05-07 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bank-america-corporation-bac-trending-130012063.html?.tsrc=rss

Bank of America(BAC) has been one of the most searched-for stocks on Zacks.com lately. So, you might want to look at some of the facts that could shape the stock's performance in the near term. Over the past month, shares of this nation's second-largest bank have returned +16.6%, compared to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +10.6% change. During this period, the Zacks Financial - Investment Bank industry, which Bank of America falls in, has gained 18.5%. The key question now is: What could be the stock's future direction? While media releases or rumors about a substantial change in a company's business prospects usually make its stock 'trending' and lead to an immediate price change, there are always some fundamental facts that eventually dominate the buy-and-hold decision-making. Rather than focusing on anything else, we at Zacks prioritize evaluating the change in a company's earnings projection. This is because we believe the fair value for its stock is determined by the present value of its future stream of earnings. We essentially look at how sell-side analysts covering the stock are revising their earnings estimates to reflect the impact of the latest business trends. And if earnings estimates go up for a company, the fair value for its stock goes up. A higher fair value than the current market price drives investors' interest in buying the stock, leading to its price moving higher. This is why empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements. For the current quarter, Bank of America is expected to post earnings of $0.90 per share, indicating a change of +8.4% from the year-ago quarter. The Zacks Consensus Estimate has changed -2.3% over the last 30 days. For the current fiscal year, the consensus earnings estimate of $3.67 points to a change of +11.9% from the prior year. Over the last 30 days, this estimate has remained unchanged. For the next fiscal year, the consensus earnings estimate of $4.25 indicates a change of +15.7% from what Bank of America is expected to report a year ago. Over the past month, the estimate has changed -1.7%. Having a strong externally audited track record, our proprietary stock rating tool, the Zacks Rank, offers a more conclusive picture of a stock's price direction in the near term, since it effectively harnesses the power of earnings estimate revisions. Due to the size of the recent change in the consensus estimate, along with three other factors related to earnings estimates, Bank of America is rated Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). The chart below shows the evolution of the company's forward 12-month consensus EPS estimate: While earnings growth is arguably the most superior indicator of a company's financial health, nothing happens as such if a business isn't able to grow its revenues. After all, it's nearly impossible for a company to increase its earnings for an extended period without increasing its revenues. So, it's important to know a company's potential revenue growth. In the case of Bank of America, the consensus sales estimate of $26.72 billion for the current quarter points to a year-over-year change of +5.3%. The $107.99 billion and $113.89 billion estimates for the current and next fiscal years indicate changes of +6% and +5.5%, respectively. Bank of America reported revenues of $27.37 billion in the last reported quarter, representing a year-over-year change of +6%. EPS of $0.90 for the same period compares with $0.83 a year ago. Compared to the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $26.86 billion, the reported revenues represent a surprise of +1.89%. The EPS surprise was +11.11%. The company beat consensus EPS estimates in each of the trailing four quarters. The company topped consensus revenue estimates each time over this period. Without considering a stock's valuation, no investment decision can be efficient. In predicting a stock's future price performance, it's crucial to determine whether its current price correctly reflects the intrinsic value of the underlying business and the company's growth prospects. Comparing the current value of a company's valuation multiples, such as its price-to-earnings (P/E), price-to-sales (P/S), and price-to-cash flow (P/CF), to its own historical values helps ascertain whether its stock is fairly valued, overvalued, or undervalued, whereas comparing the company relative to its peers on these parameters gives a good sense of how reasonable its stock price is. As part of the Zacks Style Scores system, the Zacks Value Style Score (which evaluates both traditional and unconventional valuation metrics) organizes stocks into five groups ranging from A to F (A is better than B; B is better than C; and so on), making it helpful in identifying whether a stock is overvalued, rightly valued, or temporarily undervalued. Bank of America is graded F on this front, indicating that it is trading at a premium to its peers. Click here to see the values of some of the valuation metrics that have driven this grade. The facts discussed here and much other information on Zacks.com might help determine whether or not it's worthwhile paying attention to the market buzz about Bank of America. However, its Zacks Rank #3 does suggest that it may perform in line with the broader market in the near term. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research XOM is launching 10 advantageous projects this year that will generate more than $3 billion in earnings next year. Both Ford and Tesla are navigating economic uncertainty and tariff-related challenges. Read on to know which automaker holds an edge now. Telsey Advisory lowered the firm’s price target on Nike (NKE) to $70 from $80 and keeps a Market Perform rating on the shares. The firm believes Nike is still several quarters away from reaching stabilization in the business, but the company is making “the right moves” to clean up its inventory, the analyst tells investors. The company, however, continues to face several structural profit headwinds, causing a lack of visibility into the company’s financial algorithm over the next few years, the Crocs (CROX) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 19.52% and 3.05%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? We recently published a list of Why These 10 Stocks Soared Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Oscar Health, Inc. (NYSE:OSCR) stands against other Wednesday’s best-performing stocks. The stock market rebounded on Wednesday, with all major indices ending in the green as investors cheered the Federal Reserve’s decision to […] Lowe's (LOW) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. Wix.com (WIX) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. CMG benefits from strategic innovation, menu success, operational upgrades and robust unit expansion. The PEP stock faces pressure amid a weak North America outlook, with inflation and tariffs likely to weigh on margins and earnings, per its updated guidance. ASML (ASML) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.