Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS)_ “Maybe It’s Already Priced In,” Says Jim Cramer
2025-04-14 14:38
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs-143803448.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list ofJim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key StocksIn this article, we are going to take a look at where Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights.In his latest appearance on CNBC’sSquawk on the Street, Jim Cramer analyzed the extraordinary market turnaround following President Trump’s unexpected 90-day tariff reprieve. Cramer explained just how abruptly the momentum changed:“The word that I kept hearing about is failed, that it would be a failed auction. It wasn’t. And therefore, it was a save. Once that save was made, in part because what the president did, you overrun what was the easiest trade of the year, which was the short Mag 7, short technology, short semiconductors, and everything reversed. Now, see, today, if you’re short – and the shorts are more or less the motif – they’re feeling good because it’s down, but they’re going to cover. They’re going to cover because they got hurt so badly yesterday that their bosses are saying, we want your books more. That’s historically what happens in these situations. So you may see all these down, but they’re not going to go back to where they were because we’re building in estimate cuts for everybody. And once they’re all built in, then it’s like 87. They’re all built in, and then you got to start figuring out. He was building too low.”READ ALSO:Jim Cramer Questions Market Logic and Dissects These 7 Key StocksandJim Cramer Says Tariff Pain Isn’t Over Yet And Reviews These 9 StocksHe also painted the market as a high-stakes showdown between short sellers and bulls, warning that the tide may have turned decisively:“It’s a great day for the longs, bad day for the shorts. […] What I’m talking about is that it’s a battle between longs and shorts. And the shorts are trying to keep their jobs after being victorious for so long. And the longs are revelling in what happened here because the 10%, except for, of course, what you talked about, which is the embargo.”Finally, Cramer credited a single Trump tweet with flipping the entire market narrative:“Yes, we are, given the fact that we should be in a hot seat estate, which is, we’re on a recession territory, ground, so whatever you want to say, until the tweet. Is that not insane? That a tweet came out and we went from being a recession to being up. […] The guy gave you the best call I’ve seen in my career, and yet there are people who are critical of that. I mean, come on. He got the Nasdaq to have the greatest single day ever, and he let you in. How many strategies have that kind of power? […]To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 10th.For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).A close-up of a financial advisor giving advice to a customer, demonstrating the importance of consumer and wealth management.Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81While previewing upcoming bank earnings, Jim Cramer analyzed Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS), suggesting that its current valuation may already reflect investor pessimism. Here are his remarks:“Well, the only reason I mention is Goldman’s about to report, okay? And David, Goldman is at the fulcrum of everything. It’s down 20 today. It was up big yesterday. It sells at 11 times earnings. And what I’m getting at is that maybe at 11 times earnings, if they miss the number, it doesn’t go down that much. […] So maybe instead of doing 12, maybe they do 11 and the stock doesn’t get hit.  Because it’s selling at nine times next year’s earnings. So this is what I’m talking about. Right now, at this moment, people are recalibrating and maybe they say, you know what, I knew Goldman was going to be bad. It was bad. Okay, next.”Overall, GSranks 3rdon our list of key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights. While we acknowledge the potential of GS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, […]We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. (NYSE:EL) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day […]While Apple, for example, secured one for the Apple Watch at the time, requests for exemptions for AirPods and HomePod speakers were denied.  Other companies’ exemption requests for wireless earbuds were similarly rejected.  Of nearly 53,000 requests for exemptions from tariffs on Chinese goods filed during Trump’s first term, only 13% were granted, according to a WSJ analysis of government data.Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told ABC News the upcoming tariffs for electronics are based on Section 232, which allows President Trump to adjust imports that pose a threat to national security.  Apple  just dodged a large bullet.  Late Friday news broke of an exemption for smartphones, laptop computers and other electronics imported from China, sparing Apple from the bulk of drastic tariffs set by President Trump.We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Shopify Inc. (NASDAQ:SHOP) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new […]Nvidia  said it would start producing AI supercomputers that will be manufactured entirely in the U.S., a day after the Trump administration said tariffs are coming for semiconductor imports.  The graphics-chip maker said in a blog post Monday morning that it is working with manufacturing partners to design and build factories for domestic AI supercomputer production.  This will be the first time that AI supercomputers, which are used to power data centers that solely process artificial intelligence, will be made completely in the U.S., Nvidia said.We recently published a list of 10 Safest Dividend Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Consolidated Edison, Inc. (NYSE:ED) stands against other safest dividend stocks to buy now. Today, in this article, we will be looking at the 10 safest dividend stocks you might be […]Apple (AAPL) received a major reprieve recently from President Donald Trump, Schwab Network Commentator Jenny Horn suggested today. However, Horn also noted that Dan Ives, a well-known analyst for Wedbush Securities, is still warning that there is “mass confusion” about the outlook for U.S. tech names, while Big Tech “remains in flux.” But Horn asserted […]Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettMany people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.