Wall Street’s Trading Revenue Powered by Tariff Uncertainty
2025-04-14 14:59
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/bde9f905-3992-3fba-8ab2-5028b07aa067/wall-street%E2%80%99s-trading-revenue.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.A surge in trading activity fueled by investor uncertainty about President Trump’s policies is minting money for Goldman Sachs and other big banks. The Wall Street firm joined JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley in reporting a bigger profit for the first quarter, fueled by record revenue in its equities trading and lending unit. Banks have been raking in fees as investors reposition their portfolios in anticipation of how Trump’s trade and other economic policies might rattle markets.NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks ended higher on Monday, with Apple giving the S&P 500 its biggest boost as the White House exempted smartphones and computers from new tariffs.  Uncertainty over future tariffs kept a lid on optimism, with the main indexes finishing off their highs of the day.  Investors remain worried about how companies will manage supply chains as more changes are expected on the tariff front.So the "reciprocal" tariffs are off smartphones and some electronics, but maybe only for a while as they could get their own special tariff once the White House has completed a study of the global supply chain.  Indeed, Trump on Sunday told reporters tariffs on semiconductors would be announced over the next week and a decision on phones made "soon".  European stock futures have actually performed better, perhaps on speculation that President Trump will blink on other levies, too.Stocks rose worldwide Monday after President Donald Trump relaxed some of his tariffs, for now at least, and as stress from within the U.S. bond market  seems to be easing.  Apple and other technology companies helped lift Wall Street after Trump said he was exempting smartphones, computers and other electronics from some of his stiff tariffs, which could ultimately more than double prices for U.S. customers of products coming from China.  Automakers also rallied after Trump suggested he may announce pauses on tariffs next for the auto industry.Apple (AAPL) stock surged 4.5% in Monday afternoon trading after U.S. Customs and Border Protection announced a temporary exemption for smartphones, laptops, and other electronics from President Donald Trump’s newly imposed 145% reciprocal tariffs on Chinese goods.President Trump's move Friday to give big tech companies a tariff break may give markets a boost on Monday.JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo  and  Morgan Stanley  reported solid earnings results, while  BlackRock  posted another quarter of record assets.  In a pleasant surprise for investors—who in some cases were expecting market-sensitive firms to dial down their earnings forecasts—the companies left their outlooks largely unchanged.  Uncertainty abounds.Lazard is strengthening its footprint in the United Arab Emirates by opening an office in the capital city of Abu Dhabi which will serve as the investment bank's main financial advisory hub in the country, it said on Tuesday.  "We are excited to reinforce our presence in the UAE, a country of strategic importance and remarkable opportunity," said CEO and Chairman Peter Orszag.  Abu Dhabi in recent years has seen an inflow of global banks such as Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, which have set up base in the oil-rich emirate to service an increasingly diverse investor pool of wealthy clients, including sovereign funds which together manage almost $2 trillion.Right now, stocks are trading up — so it looks like investors think the tech tariffs are at least being pushed off into the future or maybe won’t happen at all.(Reuters) -Big Tech and auto shares rose after the U.S. removed smartphones and other electronics from its tariffs on China over the weekend, and after President Donald Trump added new wrinkles into his vacillating trade policy on Monday by suggesting he might grant exemptions on auto-related levies already in place.  Trump's aggressive tariffs, which would have raised the rate consumers and businesses would have to pay for imported goods by roughly 25%, sparked a selloff in U.S. assets, including stocks, the dollar and Treasury bonds.  The shifting stances caused investors to question the safe-haven status that America has long enjoyed and sapped both business and consumer confidence.The Trump administration has taken its next steps toward imposing more tariffs on key imports, launching investigations into imports of computer chips, chip making equipment and pharmaceuticals.  The Department of Commerce posted notices about the probes late Monday on the Federal Register, seeking public comment within three weeks.  Although President Donald Trump paused most of his biggest tariff hikes last week for 90 days, apart from those for imports from China, he has said he still plans tariffs on pharmaceutical drugs, lumber, copper and computer chips.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.