Title: BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after stock traders post record haul
Date: 2025-04-15 11:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bofas-moynihan-says-we-potentially-face-a-changing-economy-after-stock-traders-post-record-haul-112048249.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Bank of America (BAC) and Citigroup (C) reported first quarter increases in profits and revenue driven by robust trading results, becoming the latest big banks to benefit from the market volatility triggered by the start of President Trump’s tariff rollout in February and March.
Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan acknowledged in a statement Tuesday that "we potentially face a changing economy in the future" — a nod to the uncertainties ahead as some of Trump's more aggressive tariffs are still in question — but he also told analysts the bank's research team doesn't see a recession happening in 2025.
US consumers, according to the bank's data, keep "pushing money into the economy" and the lender's business clients "remain profitable, liquid and have strong results."
"We continue to watch for signs the environment [is] actually changing," Moynihan added.
Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser also nodded to Trump's trade war in her Tuesday earnings statement, noting that "when all is said and done, and longstanding trade imbalances and other structural shifts are behind us, the U.S. will still be the world’s leading economy, and the dollar will remain the reserve currency."
At Bank of America, total sales and trading revenue for the country's second-largest bank rose 9% from the year-ago period to $5.66 billion, its highest quarterly haul in more than a decade. Bank of America's revenue just from trading equities was up 17% to $2.2 billion, its highest ever for one quarter.
Citigroup's sales and trading revenue rose 12% from the year-ago period to $6 billion, with Citi also notching its highest quarter ever for equity trading.
JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Goldman Sachs (GS), and Morgan Stanley (MS) also reported jumps in trading amid market volatility during the first quarter. Together, the big five banks on Wall Street pulled in nearly $37 billion on that front.
At the same time, some banks showed a slight pullback in investment banking, as companies became more cautious about new deals amid the uncertainties surrounding Trump’s trade policies. Those fees at Bank of America fell 3% from the year-ago period to $1.52 billion.
Read more:How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility
However, Citigroup reported that its investment banking fees rose 13.6% from the year-ago period to $1.1 billion. Its total profits and revenue also rose from a year ago to $4 billion and $21.6 billion, exceeding analyst expectations.
Total profits for Bank of America were $7.4 billion. That figure was 11% higher than a year ago and exceeded what analysts expected.
The stocks of Bank of America and Citigroup both rose in Tuesday morning trading.
Bank of America CFO Alastair Borthwick told reporters, "Our research team at this point doesn't believe we'll see a recession, and our clients continue to show encouraging signs."
"Our research team are still calling for modest growth," he added. "They've talked about the fact that they think that some of the uncertainty may lead to a slowdown in the economy before it picks back up, but that would be very similar to things like the blue-chip consensus at this point, and similar to what Chairman Powell has said" — referring to Fed Chair Jerome Powell.
But there were signs that Bank of America expects credit conditions to worsen. It set aside $1.48 billion in credit provisions for potential future losses, more than 12% more than it set aside a year ago.
Borthwick walked analysts through a comparison of the bank's balance sheet now as compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, a tumultuous period following a housing crash andfinancial crisisthat severely tested Bank of America and the rest of the US banking system.
He told analysts that Bank of America's capital base and liquidity have increased significantly since the end of 2009, and stress test results indicate significantly lower credit losses expected in a severe downturn.
The changes made since that time, Moynihan said, allow the bank to "stand tall in times of stress."
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
(Reuters) -Bank of America topped estimates on Tuesday for first-quarter profit as interest income grew and volatile markets helped its stock traders rake in a record haul, lifting its shares more than 4%.  "There is a lot to potentially change given the uncertainty around the tariffs and the policies on the future path of the economy," CEO Brian Moynihan told analysts on a call.  Equities trading jumped 17% to a record $2.2 billion, while fixed income, currencies and commodities trading revenue jumped 5% to $3.5 billion, propelling its markets revenue to the highest in more than a decade.
Big Tech stocks are too important to be sacrificed in a trade war but a negotiated peace isn't yet on the table.
We recently published a list of the 10 High Growth Forever Dividend Stocks to Invest In. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) stands against other high growth forever dividend stocks. Dividend stocks have trailed the broader market over the past two years, largely due to investors […]
One of the biggest two-day sell-offs in stock market history saw investors pile into the stock market earlier this month.
Health care giant Johnson & Johnson expects about $400 million in tariff-related costs this year.  The costs will be felt primarily within the company's medical technology unit, which makes a range of medical devices and surgical products.  The most substantial impact comes from tariffs against China and retaliatory tariffs from China, said Joseph Wolk, Johnson & Johnson's chief financial officer, in a conference call with analysts following the company's latest earnings results.
Even before U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs threw markets and companies into turmoil, global CEOs were already unhappy with the support they were getting from their boards of directors in navigating uncertainty, a survey showed on Monday.  Just 22% of the corporate chief executives surveyed in late 2024 by the consultancy Spencer Stuart felt their boards were providing the help they needed in an increasingly uncertain business environment, the study found.  Directors, while happier with their own performance, also saw ample room for improvement, with just 43% saying they felt boards effectively supported top managers in a "rapidly evolving and complex" business environment.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg took the stand on Monday at a high-stakes trial in Washington over U.S. antitrust enforcers' claims that the company spent billions of dollars to acquire Instagram and WhatsApp to fend off Facebook competitors.  The FTC is seeking to force Meta to restructure or sell Instagram and WhatsApp, testing President Donald Trump's promises to take on Big Tech while posing an existential threat to a company that by some estimates earns about half of its U.S. advertising revenue from Instagram.  Wearing a dark suit and light blue tie, Zuckerberg calmly responded to questions while seeking to combat allegations Meta bought the companies a decade ago to eliminate competition among social media platforms where users connect with friends and family.
J&J faces several headwinds at the start of the year, including patent expiry, talc litigation, and, now, tariffs.
Legal, ethical, and safety concerns can’t stop this ‘post-apocalyptic’ social media trend.
The replacement system is launching into markets already served by repair devices, namely Edwards’ Pascal and Abbott’s Mitraclip.