Title: Trump Tariffs_ Here's What JPMorgan Investors Need to Know
Date: 2025-04-15 13:23
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/15/trump-tariffs-heres-what-jpmorgan-investors-need-t/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=cf6fe2df-4dd3-463b-a16a-4eb93ea05faa&.tsrc=rss
Content:
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Despite recent stock market volatility,JPMorgan Chase(JPM-0.48%)shares are down just 1% year to date, outperforming the 9% decline in theS&P 500(^GSPC-0.23%)at the time of writing. The banking giant continues to benefit from its fortress-like balance sheet and global diversification, making it well-positioned to navigate any economic environment.
That was the message from CEO Jamie Dimon presenting the bank's first-quarter earnings report (for the period ended March 31). JPMorgan topped Wall Street estimates, with revenue climbing 8% year over year, while earnings per share (EPS) of $5.07 was up 14% from the prior-year quarter.
Yet the results arrived with a tone of caution. Jamie Dimon also said the U.S. economy faces "considerable turbulence" amid the looming impact of tradetariffsbeing implemented by the Trump administration.
Let's discuss what tariffs and a trade war might mean for JPMorgan and its stock price outlook now.
JPMorgan started the fiscal 2025 year off strongly, with all three of its business segments delivering revenue growth.
The flagship Commercial & Investment Bank group saw excellent momentum, driven by optimism about the economic outlook at the beginning of the year and record market levels that propelled trading activity and deal-making. In the Consumer & Community Banking division, card services and auto lending have been growth drivers, reflecting resilient consumer spending. Asset & Wealth Management has also been a bright spot as continued net inflows boosted fee income.
Some of the key financial metrics that stood out in the first quarter include a 2% year-over-year increase in average loans and deposits, while JPMorgan's book value per share rose 12% compared to Q1 2024, reaching $119.24.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is800%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Although it may have been business as usual for the bank in the first quarter, the outlook has grown increasingly uncertain. Officially, the bank is guiding for full-year net interest income of $94.5 billion, a 1% increase from last year. However, this number isn't etched in stone, since it depends on the rapidly changing macroeconomic environment. For now, the escalating trade tensions present an operational and financial headwind.
In recent weeks, the Trump administration announced a major U.S. trade policy overhaul, implementing a 10% baseline tariff on most imports, with significantly steeper tariffs on specific countries like China. Although Trump has since rolled back some steps, pausing higher reciprocal tariffs for 90 days for most countries and allowing for some exceptions, experts warn that the measures may still cause economic disruptions. JPMorgan's chief U.S. economist Michael Feroli now estimates a 50% recession probability, indicating that the bank is taking the risks seriously.
While it's too early to fully assess the effects of the tariffs, the widespread market confusion as companies across all sectors adjust to the new environment has several implications for JPMorgan's outlook.
Image source: Getty Images.
There are already indications that mergers and acquisitions have stalled, with dealmakers taking a wait-and-see approach. Companies are likely to reassess hiring plans or push back on major capital investments. For JPMorgan, this means a potential slowdown in its core investment banking business and commercial lending.
If a recession does materialize, the consumer banking side of the business would be particularly hard-hit, as loan defaults rise, adding to credit losses. Even with some areas of the bank, such as trading, possibly benefiting from the market volatility across equities and fixed income to offset declines in fees elsewhere, the risk to earnings is tilted to the downside.
All this is happening while shares of JPMorgan don't necessarily stand out as a great bargain. Across multiple metrics including the stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 11.6 and price-to-book (P/B) value of 2.0, JPMorgan continues to trade at a premium relative to its average valuation multiples over the past five years. One interpretation is that if conditions deteriorate, the stock has room to fall further.
JPM PE Ratiodata byYCharts.
Amongbank stocks, few rival JPMorgan's strong fundamentals and disciplined capital management, offering shareholders a source of portfolio stability even in a severe economic downturn. A swift de-escalation of trade tensions through clearer policies or negotiations could catalyze a stock rebound. For now, I'm not convinced shares are a buy, and a cautious wait-and-see approach remains prudent.
TheMotley Fool Stock Advisorservice hasmore than quadrupledthe performance of the S&P 500 since its inception in 2002*, and the analyst team knowswhen to double down. They have re-recommended a handful of stocks in the past, and some of those stocks have produced tremendous returns.
Opportunity is knocking again. Want to open the door?
Continue ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of04/15/2025
JPMorgan Chase is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.Dan Victorhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends JPMorgan Chase. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends