Title: Oil Steadies as Progress on Iran Talks Undercuts Tariff Reprieve
Date: 2025-04-14 19:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-steady-trump-tariff-reprieve-223603774.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil held steady as traders weighed the latest US moves in the global trade war, as well as the prospect of looser restrictions on Iranian crude.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
West Texas Intermediate settled little changed near $61.50 a barrel, and Brent held below $65. While equities rallied after US President Donald Trump paused import duties on some electronics, fresh data revealing that American consumers see higher inflation in the year ahead weighed on oil futures.
The US and Iran met on Saturday for nuclear talks that both sides described as constructive, raising the possibility of higher oil volumes from the OPEC member. Weekend talks in Oman marked the first top-level engagement since 2022 and signaled a renewed effort to resolve a years-long standoff over the country’s nuclear program. Both sides agreed to meet again.
On the demand side, traders are grappling with a rapidly evolving outlook. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries slashed its projections for annual consumption growth by about 100,000 barrels a day, following a larger cut by the US Energy Information Administration. More banks also reduced their price forecasts, with JPMorgan Chase & Co. now seeing Brent at $66 this year.
Crude has been dragged down in April as the trade war — especially the confrontation between the US and China — stokes fears of a global recession that would hurt energy demand. A surprise OPEC+ decision to bring back shuttered output more quickly than expected has added to the bearishness.
“While the market has already priced in some future inventory builds, we expect large surpluses,” Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analysts including Daan Struyven said in a note, estimating a glut of 800,000 barrels a day this year. Brent is expected to average $63 over the rest of 2025, they said.
Oil’s losses this month have formed part of an intense global market reaction to the evolving trade war, with most commodities and equities selling off. Investors pulling out of crude and fuel markets triggered a $2 billion net outflow in the week ending April 11, JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Tracey Allen wrote in a note to clients.
There have also been unusual declines in the US dollar and Treasuries, assets that typically function as havens during periods of stress.
To get Bloomberg’s Energy Daily newsletter in your inbox, click here.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- Copper edged higher after President Donald Trump handed out exemptions to his punishing tariffs on some products, nudging up sentiment across financial markets.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThe US leader paused import levies on a suite of consumer elec
Here is how CME Group (CME) and British Land Company PLC Sponsored ADR (BTLCY) have performed compared to their sector so far this year.
Money market account interest rates today are still well above historical norms. Find out where to get the best money market account rates now.
Goldman Sachs  on Monday reported first-quarter profit that beat analyst expectations as tumultuous markets proved a double-edged sword.  The bank’s trading business boomed, benefiting from market swings, while revenue from investment bankers’ advisory work declined.  Goldman’s stock and bond traders took advantage of volatile markets, which can create opportunities for making big bets.
Goldman Sachs earnings beat Q1 views as global banking revenue offset declines elsewhere. The Dow giant was cautious on Q2. But GS stock rose.
Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase last week both said they didn’t see indicators that companies were scrambling to do big draw-downs on credit lines to raise cash.  On Monday, Buffalo-based M&T Bank reported the utilization rate among its commercial customers was actually down in the first quarter.  “Really nothing hit our screens that showed any big draws,” said M&T finance chief Daryl Bible.
Companies In The Article Are:JPM,MS,WFC,BK
(Bloomberg) -- Michael Saylor’s Strategy took advantage of the large price swings in the company’s common shares last week to purchase $285.8 million more of Bitcoin. Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageWhile the stock fluctuated from losses of as much as 11% to gains of a
U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday said he was considering a modification to the 25% tariffs imposed on foreign auto and auto parts imports from Mexico, Canada and other places.  The main U.S. stock indexes ticked lower on Tuesday, even as Bank of America, Citigroup and Wells Fargo gained after the trio of banking giants posted strong profits for the first quarter.  The Dow Jones Industrial Averageand the S&P 500 both dipped about 0.3%, and the Nasdaq Composite fell 0.4%.
SEOUL (Reuters) -South Korea announced on Tuesday an increase in its support package for the country's vital semiconductor industry to 33 trillion won ($23.25 billion), up about a quarter from a 26 trillion won package unveiled last year.  The measures come in response to calls on the government to expand support at a time of growing policy uncertainty under the current U.S. administration and rising competition from Chinese rivals, the government said in a statement.  South Korea's decision to pump more money into its key chips sector is designed to help companies cope with heavier costs as they compete globally, it said.