Title: Veteran Investor Says He’d “Kill to Have Nvidia” in the Low $90s
Date: 2025-04-14 16:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veteran-investor-says-d-kill-163837555.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Intentionally overdramatizing, Dory Wiley, the CEO of Commerce Street Holdings, told Schwab Network recently, that "You'd kill to buy Nvidia (NVDA)" for prices in the low-$90 range. Wiley believes that Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is quite low, while its valuation is attractive.
During the same segment, Wiley praised JPMorgan (JPM) and its first-quarter results which it recently unveiled.
Wiley has led companies that have been involved with financial markets since 1996, according to his LinkedIn profile.
NVDA's Exposure to Tariffs Is Low, Wiley Says
"Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is less than 5%, some say less than 2%," Wiley stated. Moreover, in the low-$90s, the shares "were on sale," he believes.
Although the stock's decline naturally generates fear, such declines have historically been good buying opportunities, according to the veteran investor.
"Anytime the Vix exceeds 40, there's a 90% chance that you'll make money in the next three years," Wiley told Schwab.  And the average return during that period is 50%-80%, he added.
JPM Reported Good Results, Wiley Said
Asserting that JPM delivered good Q1 results "across the board," Wiley noted that its revenue from equity trading jumped 48% year-over-year, while its earnings climbed significantly. Additionally, its return on tangible equity came in at 7.8%, up from "closer to 5%" in March 2023, he added.
"JPM looks safe and sound," he said.
While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does National Fuel Gas (NFG) have what it takes? Let's find out.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Value Dividend Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) stands against other best value dividend stocks. Dividends, though sometimes underappreciated, have significantly contributed to long-term investor gains. Between 1960 and the end […]
Growth investors are racing to find the next Nvidia.  While there are some distinct differences, SoundHound AI (NASDAQ: SOUN) has one major similarity to Nvidia.  The latter's rise, especially in recent years, is fueled by the rise of artificial intelligence (AI).
Even a little bit of money invested in these three prospects will go a long way at their current valuations.
Tariffs may be the talk of Wall Street, but there are far more pressing issues for the stock market's artificial intelligence (AI) darling.
What does an S&P 500 stock need to do to get attention in this market? You'd think doubling profit (or more) would do it — but apparently not.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against other machine-learning stocks. Grand View Research reported that the global machine-learning market was valued at $36.73 billion in 2022. It’s now […]
Semiconductor stocks exposed to the AI megatrend, such as Nvidia stock, are best positioned for Q1 earnings season, an analyst says.
UPS has selected Delta Airlines to maintain engines for its fleet of Boeing 757 freighters. The post UPS hires Delta Air Lines to maintain Boeing 757 engines appeared first on FreightWaves.
Asia's capacity addition expansion is underpinned by its economic growth, burgeoning population and escalating energy needs.