M&A is slowing in US but accelerating worldwide during new Trump era
2025-04-30 08-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ma-is-slowing-in-us-but-accelerating-worldwide-during-new-trump-era-080058301.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
US dealmaking is down in the new Trump era but accelerating in other parts of the world.
The volume of announced US mergers and acquisitions as measured in dollar value fell 5.7% for the year through April 28, to $586.5 million, when compared with the same period last year, according to Dealogic data.
That is the slowest start for US M&A in two years.
On the other hand, deal volume outside of the US posted its best year to date result since 2022. Announced mergers in the rest of the world surged 43% in dollar value through April 28 from the same period a year ago, to $702 million.
US dealmaking had a tepid stretch in April as President Trump’s "Liberation Day" tariff announcement triggered widespread uncertainty about the economy and ushered in a period of extreme volatility for markets.
Some companies put deals on hold as they waited for greater clarity about the path ahead. On April 9, the president paused many of the Liberation Day duties for 90 days to give countries time to negotiate new trade deals with the US.
"M&A is like a barometer of business confidence, and people are feeling uncertain and the changes are very hard for boardrooms to work out," Lucinda Guthrie, head of data provider Mergermarket, told Yahoo Finance recently.
"A number of processes have been pulled or paused" through April ahead of planned public announcements, Guthrie added.
US M&A volume fell 8% during the month through April 28, according to Dealogic. Merger volume across the rest of the world gained 2%.
The subdued start to 2025 is a disappointment for many on Wall Street who hoped the president’s economic agenda would unleash a new dealmaking boom.
Goldman CEO David Solomon told Bloomberg on Tuesday that "policy actions to date have raised the level of uncertainty to a degree that I don't think is healthy for investment and growth, and I think it's going to be important that we get more clarity."
There have been signs of some activity, however. The two largest deals of the year so far — Alphabet’s (GOOG) $32 billion agreement to acquire Wiz and Sycamore Partners' move to take Walgreens private — happened in March, according to Dealogic, as did eight of the other top 15 deals.
And things did improve in February and March, before Trump's April 2 announcement. In fact, the merger advisory business at Goldman Sachs (GS), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), Citigroup (C), and Morgan Stanley (MS) climbed 5% collectively during the first quarter from a year ago, to $2.8 billion.
Some US corporations also don't have the luxury of waiting for trade policy to settle, forcing them to get more creative in deal structuring.
Boeing (BA) last Tuesday announced plans to sell portions of its digital aviation software unit to private equity firm Thoma Bravo for $10.55 billion, all in cash.
Earlier this month, US semiconductor firm Intel (INTC) announced plans to sell a 51% stake in its programmable chip unit, Altera, to private equity firm Silver Lake. Silver Lake is deferring $1 billion of the purchase to be paid out over the next two years, according to an SEC filing.
"If the level of uncertainty grows from here, yes, you won't see the same amount of capital markets activity," Goldman's Solomon said during a Tuesday Bloomberg interview in Oslo, Norway.
"But my own belief is things will settle down."
David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Mergers and acquisitions activity in sports tech has started the year strong after a record 2024, showing only tentative signs of caution around President Donald Trump’s tariffs and the resulting trade war, U.S. investment bank Drake Star said in a new market analysis released Thursday. “While the broader M&A market was still recovering from a …
Berkshire Hathaway has held up well in a rocky year for stocks, and shareholders this weekend will be seeking reassurance from Warren Buffett that they remain in good hands as tariff turmoil disrupts corporate America.  At Saturday's annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, the 94-year-old billionaire will mark 60 years in charge of what he built into a $1.15 trillion conglomerate.  Buffett will spend 4-1/2 hours fielding shareholder questions, which typically focus on Berkshire's operating businesses, markets, the economy, life lessons, and the company's future after the Oracle of Omaha departs.
Fellow carmakers Stellantis and Mercedes withdraw financial guidance for year over impact of trade war
We recently published a list of Billionaire Andreas Halvorsen’s 10 Stock Picks With Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Flutter Entertainment plc (NYSE:FLUT) stands against other billionaire Andreas Halvorsen’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Ole Andreas Halvorsen is one of the prominent names among former […]
We recently published a list of Energy Stocks that are Losing This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where HighPeak Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:HPK) stands against other energy stocks that are declining this week. After a slight uptick, the global crude oil price fell again over the last week, declining by […]
(Bloomberg) -- UBS Group AG’s markets unit posted a record performance as geopolitical turmoil spurs volatility that the bank says is set to continue.Most Read from BloombergNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowAt Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black HistoryNet income for the three
We recently published a list of Energy Stocks that are Losing This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Barnwell Industries, Inc. (NYSEAMERICAN:BRN) stands against other energy stocks that are declining this week. After a slight uptick, the global crude oil price fell again over the last week, declining by […]
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was inspired by […]
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was inspired […]
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was […]