Jim Cramer Says The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) CEO David Solomon’s Quarter Call Was ‘Extraordina
2025-04-30 11-22
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-says-goldman-sachs-112221889.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says Businesspeople Are Emotional & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against the other stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.
In a recent appearance on CNBC's Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the unease among business people regarding the President attempting to fire Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell. While the President has assured everyone that he will not try to remove the Fed chair, Cramer commented that the potential removal along with the tariff policy had created a lot of uncertainty amongst businesses.
Starting with commenting on the Dow dropping 1,000 points before the open but attempting to rally at the previous close, Cramer stated:
"Actually, that was a really interesting turn. Because no one could figure it out. It was almost as if somebody knew that the President was going to go, now I follow his Truth Social, like I go there like every five minutes. That there wasn't going to be anything today. Uh, there is a belief I think among the executives I speak to and obviously we all speak to a lot of execs, that the President is so off the reservation with this attack on J Powell that, they're not able to really speak about it."
With markets being in a constant state of turmoil recently, it's unsurprising that Cramer has commented on their performance quite a lot. In a previous appearance, he advised viewers to be optimistic. One major factor that's driving stocks lower is investor perception of a weakening consumer. However, Cramer has pointed out multiple times that the consumer appears to be strong. For instance, earlier this month, he commented:
“I think that the agri-consumer, as long as they have jobs, yes. I don’t think they sit there and say, you know what, there’s coming tariff, I’m going to just disappear. Now you can see these numbers are pulled through. I don’t buy that."
In another appearance, Cramer shared data from the latest earnings call of one of America's largest card issuers and travel services providers to paint a bright picture of the consumer:
"Uh, I am talking about numbers which by the way include, and we’ve got first twelve days of this month. Steve Squeri going over things, you’re talking about, restaurant spending up 8%, lodging up 6%, goods up 7%, card membership, obviously more and more tremendous numbers have increased. 3.4 million. David, this is as good a quarter if you had to say anything, you would say that the consumer is on fire actually."
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 22nd.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A close-up of a financial advisor giving advice to a customer, demonstrating the importance of consumer and wealth management.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 81
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is one of the biggest investment banks in the world. Its shares have lost 7.9% year-to-date primarily on the back of a 9% drop in early April. In his previous remarks about The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS), Cramer commented that the firm's latest quarter was great and added that its trading business could compensate for weaker deal-making impacting other businesses. Here are his latest thoughts:
"By the way, David Solomon's quarter call was extraordinary. Because what it said is, look, we make a huge amount of money in volatility. And we also make a huge amount of money when things return to normal. And that was just a sensational call. And that kept the stock from being down only 10%."
Overall GS ranks 1st among the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of GS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
The approval of the therapy is backed by the outcomes from the randomised Phase III SELECT-GCA trial.
This acquisition enhances F2's presence in the RIA and SFO markets, with all MD Solutions employees and projects being integrated into F2 immediately.
The main US stock measures were mostly pointing lower in Wednesday's premarket activity as investors
We recently published a list of Why These 15 Consumer Defensive Stocks Are Surging in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Embotelladora Andina S.A. (NYSE:AKO-B) stands against other consumer defensive stocks that are surging in 2025. The stock market has taken a sharp turn after two years of […]
The Prada brand posted sluggish retail results, but the company’s overall revenue rose 13% ahead of its planned Versace acquisition.
The investment is set to increase the company's capacity across 22 healthcare facilities.
Less-than-truckload carrier XPO is one of the few transportation companies to report better-than-expected results for the first quarter. The post First look: XPO beats first-quarter earnings expectations appeared first on FreightWaves.
Conestoga Capital Advisors, an asset management company, released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Equity markets started the year with a rally due to optimism about a strong economy and expectations of moderating inflation and lower interest rates. However, concerns over slowing earnings from major Technology companies, geopolitical […]
All three of Microsoft’s businesses beat the company’s internal guidance amid an uncertain economic climate.
We recently published a list of the 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Sezzle Inc. (NASDAQ:SEZL) stands against other stocks that should double in 3 years. On April 25, Kari Firestone, Aureus Asset Management executive chairman and co-founder, joined CNBC’s ‘Squawk […]