Title: Mark Zuckerberg's empire at stake as Meta prepares to battle Trump's antitrust cops in court
Date: 2025-04-12 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-empire-at-stake-as-meta-prepares-to-battle-trumps-antitrust-cops-in-court-140019335.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Meta Platforms (META) is preparing for the start of a courtroom antitrust battle Monday with the US government in a case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram. If Zuckerberg is not able to convince President Trump to settle before the trial begins in a Washington, D.C., court before US judge James Boasberg, Meta will become the second Silicon Valley giant in two years to face off against the government’s antitrust watchdogs. The first was Alphabet's Google (GOOG, GOOGL), which battled the Justice Department in court during parts of 2023 and 2024. Federal judge Amit Mehta ruled last August that Google illegally monopolized online markets for "general search" and "general search text.” The final decision on what happens to Google's $2 trillion empire will be determined this year in a separate "remedies" phase of the search trial. Trump's DOJ has stuck to a Biden-era request to break up Google, calling for divestment of its Chrome browser, while standing down on a push for the tech giant to sell off its AI investments. There could be more clashes to come. Federal prosecutors are still working up antitrust cases in pre-trial phases against Apple (AAPL), Amazon (AMZN), and Microsoft (MSFT). The DOJ has also alleged Google illegally monopolized the online advertising technology market in a separate antitrust trial still awaiting a judge's decision. The government's case against Meta centers on the Federal Trade Commission’s claims that its leading social media platform, Facebook, used monopoly power to buy up, rather than compete with, smaller rival social media companies. Facebook acquired Instagram in 2012 for $1 billion and WhatsApp in 2014 for $19 billion. Both mergers were given a green light by the FTC, following reviews. "[It] is better to buy than compete," Zuckerberg allegedly wrote in an internal company email in 2008, according to the government's case. One key part of the FTC's argument is that Facebook purchased Instagram in 2012 because it "lacked the business talent" to maintain its market dominance through innovation as smartphones drew consumers toward mobile internet. In another 2012 acquisition, according to the government, Facebook bought then-shuttered Google social app “Glancee" allegedly to foreclose on the search giant’s social networking ambitions. Facebook also bought the controversial market intelligence service Onavo in 2013. That, according to the FTC, helped Facebook identify increasingly popular mobile apps, including WhatsApp and a polling app called "tbh." Later, in 2016, Facebook bought and shuttered a music video creation app called Eyegroove after learning that its rival Snapchat (SNAP) had interest in purchasing it, according to the FTC. The government claims these purchases of rivals expanded Meta's ability to surveil its users across the internet and, in turn, corner the online advertising market that fuels digital social platforms. "Facebook has systematically tracked potential rivals and acquired companies that it viewed as serious competitive threats,” the FTC has alleged, claiming the actions violated Section 2 of the Sherman Act. A spokesperson for Meta said the FTC’s lawsuit mischaracterizes Facebook as a monopolist by leaving out some of its main competitors within the social media market. "The evidence at trial will show what every 17-year-old in the world knows: Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp compete with Chinese-owned TikTok, YouTube, X, iMessage, and many others," the spokesperson said. "More than 10 years after the FTC reviewed and cleared our acquisitions, the commission’s action in this case sends the message that no deal is ever truly final. Regulators should be supporting American innovation, rather than seeking to break up a great American company and further advantaging China on critical issues like AI." The FTC first filed its complaint against Facebook during President Trump’s first term. It was dismissed by Boasberg. But Boasberg later accepted an amended complaint that was refiled during former President Biden’s administration by then-FTC boss Lina Khan. Regulators are now asking the judge to restore fair competition in the “personal social networking services" market by ordering Instagram’s divestment. They also have requested a court-ordered spin-off of Meta’s messaging service, WhatsApp. A spin-off of Instagram would deal a major blow to Meta’s bottom line. The app drove $32 billion in US ad revenue for Meta in 2024, representing 48.4% of its $1.3 trillion in total revenue, according to Emarketer. In December, Emarketer projected that Instagram’s ad revenue would surpass 50% of Meta’s total revenue in 2025. WhatsApp makes up a much smaller fraction of total revenue. Its business messaging service earned $1.7 billion in 2024. Paul Swanson, a partner with Holland & Hart and head of the firm’s antitrust practice, said Judge Boasberg is clearly open to hearing the FTC’s theory, yet also skeptical of it. "The FTC has persuaded the judge that there are questions of fact here," Swanson said. "And that's an achievement in itself." However, he said regulators may find it difficult to further persuade the judge that social platforms like LinkedIn don’t belong in the same market. “It seems like already there's some concern from the court that the market we're talking about is too narrowly drawn. The judge has not signaled that he’s on board with their narrative,” Swanson said. Even if Boasberg were to agree with the FTC’s narrowly defined market of personal social networking services, Swanson said, Meta’s share of daily and monthly active users is on the low end of significant enough monopoly to control pricing and output. The FTC alleges that Facebook’s share of daily active users on US personal social networking apps exceeded 70% since 2016. Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X @alexiskweed. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance It was AI all the way at the Transportation Intermediaries Association conference as companies rolled out new solutions to aid the brokerage community. The post Breaking from the FreightTech AI pack: Companies make their case at TIA meeting appeared first on FreightWaves. We recently published a list of 12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy For Long-Term Investment. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other tech stocks to buy for long-term investment. On April 1, Chris Verrone, chief market strategist at Strategas Research Partners, appeared on […] We came across a bullish thesis on NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) on Substack by Compounding Your Wealth. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on NVDA. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)’s share was trading at $110.93 as of April 11th. NVDA’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.73 and 24.75 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. NVIDIA Corporation has solidified […] It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
