Title: “Perfect Coca-Cola!” – Jim Cramer’s On Coca-Cola Company (KO)
Date: 2025-04-13 21:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/perfect-coca-cola-jim-cramer-214426082.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list ofJim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed.
On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially acts as an embargo rather than a conventional tariff.
“We now have 145% tariff on Chinese goods. Now, a number that high frankly isn’t really a tariff. It’s more of an embargo. Almost nobody’s gonna pay that much of a markup. It’s a recipe for losing money.”
READ ALSO10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar RecentlyandJim Cramer Talked About These 8 Stocks
Cramer said that he believes Trump is more frustrated with prior administrations for what he sees as allowing China to take advantage of U.S. trade policy than he is with President Xi Jinping himself, who Trump continues to speak of respectfully. While Cramer acknowledged that he sympathizes with Trump’s objective, he warned that the country is not prepared to handle the fallout. “As a nation, shamefully, we’ve gotten addicted to cheap Chinese imports,” he said
“I think what we saw today was the beginning of a sorting period between those that have no China exposure and those that do. Unfortunately, those that do employ a lot of people and are excellent companies, but they may not be excellent enough to make it through this new environment and that is a real shame.”
Cramer emphasized that while he believes the U.S. can function without economic ties to China, doing so would significantly raise domestic costs, drive up unemployment, and force reliance on other global partners. The stakes, he said, are enormous. “Yes, we have to take them on now or never,” he stated, but he cautioned that the consequences will involve more pain than the public is likely prepared to accept.
“So the bottom line: Is it worth it? Depends. I think it’s worth some temporary pain to drive a hard bargain though and get a more favorable trade deal out of the Chinese government. But it’s not worth it to go back… [from] $439 billion in imports to zero. Unfortunately, I’m actually thinking that might be where we’
For this article, we compiled a list of 12 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 10. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) produces nonalcoholic drinks that include soft drinks, water, tea, juice, and plant-based options. It also supplies beverage concentrates and syrups for sale through retail channels. During the episode, Cramer stated, “Utility, Verizon, perfect Coca-Cola, Waste Management. Yeah, these are timeless.”
On March 31, during an episode of Squawk on the Street, Cramer mentioned The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) and said:
“In terms of shorting, like if you wanna short, do you short Coca-Cola? No, cause Coca-Cola in 2000, after the NASDAQ broke, was really a terrific stock to own… Look at that April 14th to April 17th 2000 period when we had this dramatic switch. Which was rather incredible, which was the fastest I’ve seen where Coca-Cola went from being a loser to a winner. I think we’re there. Coca-Cola’s having a good quarter.”
Overall, KOranks 7thon our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of KO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than KO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
Realty Income (NYSE: O) has become a dividend stalwart, even for a REIT that has to pay out at least 90% of its net income in the form of dividends.  Thanks to this massive return, generating $1,000 of sustainable dividend income is possible on a relatively small investment.  How much Realty Income must one buy?
We recently published a list of 10 Best Packaged Food Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Hershey Company (NYSE:HSY) stands against other best packaged food stocks to buy now. The American Packaged Food Industry According to a report by Grand View Research, the US […]
We recently published a list of 10 Best Organic Food Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Kroger Co. (NYSE:KR) stands against other best organic food stocks to buy according to billionaires. Overview of the Global Organic Food Industry According to a report […]
We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But more recently, […]
The current US air traffic control system is under strain, seeing more tarmac delays year after year, and a slew of high-profile plane crashes in the past year. Former US Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao says the US still has "the safest system in the world" and is "considered the gold standard" for aviation, but does admit that technological changes need to keep up with the times. National Business Aviation Association President and CEO Edward Bolen agrees that the US "needs to invest in people, facilities and equipment so they can respond in a dynamic way." Heather Krause of the GAO breaks down ways to mitigate air travel risk.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Waste Management, Inc. (NYSE:WM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially […]
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.