Title: Strong China GDP Growth Fails to Stem Calls for Urgent Stimulus
Date: 2025-04-16 06:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/strong-china-gdp-growth-fails-064317061.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- China’s economy showed surprising strength in early 2025 thanks to consumer subsidies and a rush of export shipments to beat tariffs, although an impasse with Donald Trump over the trade war is darkening its outlook and fueling calls for stimulus.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
China’s gross domestic product grew 5.4% in the first quarter from a year ago, the government said Wednesday, more than a forecast of 5.2%. Both production and consumption indicated unexpected momentum in March, before massive US levies on Chinese goods kicked in this month.
The rosy picture will give little comfort to policymakers as economic activities are expected to deteriorate starting from April. Cargo data last week already showed a slowdown in the volume of goods processed by Chinese ports, foreshadowing a decline in commerce as global companies pause orders and reduce output.
The improvement is “all in the past now,” said Michelle Lam, Greater China economist at Societe Generale SA. “Stimulus delivery is still pretty urgent. Things can deteriorate fairly quickly with some high-frequency data showing tariff impact on US-bound shipments.”
In a sign that tariff fears prevailed, Chinese stocks in Hong Kong extended their losses to as much as 3.3%. The yuan was steady at 7.3297 in the offshore market, while the 10-year government bond yield fell 2 basis points to 1.63%.
The data released by the National Bureau of Statistics suggests the economy was supported in part by front-loaded shipments before tariffs jumped to prohibitive levels this month.
Without more stimulus, China could struggle to meet its official growth target of around 5% this year. Exports are expected to contract after contributing to a third of growth in 2024, while business and consumer sentiment will likely suffer a blow from the trade war.
Economists at international banks including UBS Group AG, Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Citigroup Inc. and Societe Generale have lowered their forecasts for China’s 2025 growth in recent weeks to around 4% or lower. Australia & New Zealand Banking Group announced a similar downgrade following the data release.
The Chinese economy’s performance this year will largely depend on how much stimulus Beijing rolls out and how quickly it deploys support measures. A key factor will be the sustainability of the recovery in consumer demand, which has been buoyed by subsidies for buying cars, appliances and smartphones.
Some economists expect the People’s Bank of China to cut interest rates or the amount of cash banks must keep in reserve as soon as this month, while others predicted several trillions of yuan in additional fiscal borrowing and spending to fill the gap left by declined exports.
The government could also provide targeted help to exporters by expediting tax rebate payouts or offering them cheaper loans, according to Lu Ting, chief China economist at Nomura Holdings Inc.
A meeting by the Communist Party’s decision-making Politburo at the end of April will likely provide further clues to policymakers’ thinking when it comes to the timing and size of stimulus. With the positive data, the risk is that officials could decide to act only when growth hits a wall.
“The government may wait to observe the magnitude of the slowdown in exports and react accordingly,” Zhang Zhiwei, chief economist at Pinpoint Asset Management.
Off to a Good Start
Data released Wednesday showed industrial output expanding 7.7% in March from a year ago, the fastest growth since June 2021. Retail sales increased 5.9%, the best pace since December 2023 and much stronger than the 4.3% gain expected by economists.
The NBS struck a note of caution even as it released the positive indicators, emphasizing the need for greater support for the economy.
“The external environment is becoming more complex and severe, and the drive for growth of effective domestic demand is insufficient,” the bureau said in a statement. “We must implement more proactive and effective macro policies.”
Highlights of other key economic indicators:
Fixed-asset investment rose 4.2% in the first three months of 2025, and property investment contracted 9.9%. Both are largely in line with expectations
The urban jobless rate was 5.2% in March, dropping from 5.4% in the previous month
The surprise improvement in the industrial sector is in line with a surge in exports in March. The production of computers and other electronics picked up, soaring 13% last month from a year ago. Steel, cement and electricity output all accelerated, also supported by the government’s push to build infrastructure projects early this year.
For consumption, home appliances and furniture led the expansion with sales growing about 30% in March from a year ago, thanks to government subsidies. However, some unsubsidized goods such as cosmetics and clothing expanded only modestly, suggesting potential weakness in underlying sentiment.
Catering spending accelerated to the fastest in a year, as a number of local governments rolled out discount vouchers to encourage dining out and tourism spending.
The government is increasingly looking at services as a potential source for growth after previously focusing measures on boosting spending on goods. In a work plan released Wednesday, authorities including the Ministry of Commerce listed 48 measures to expand household spending in catering, health care, entertainment and tourism and sports.
What Bloomberg Economics Says...
“Looking ahead, the picture looks a lot more challenging, with high US tariffs likely to slam external demand. We expect policymakers to step up stimulus urgently, front-loading this year’s big budget and cutting rates and reserve requirements.”
— Chang Shu and David Qu
Read the full note here.
In a sign of an imbalance between supply and demand, the economy continued to suffer from persisting deflation. The GDP deflator — a broad measure of prices across the economy — declined for the eighth consecutive quarter. That’s the longest streak since the quarterly data began in 1993.
Highlighting the urgency to shore up domestic demand, Premier Li Qiang visited a consumer goods exhibition in Beijing on Tuesday.
He called on business representatives to be “united” to overcome difficulties and actively diversify markets, including compensating export losses with domestic sales. Officials should make greater efforts to stabilize employment, boost people’s income and strength social security to encourage consumer spending, and guide companies to compete in a healthy way, he said.
Li was also debriefed by the city government regarding progress in the purchases of unsold homes, pledging to “study and launch new supportive policies in a timely manner.” The property market is still far from reaching a turning point, Wednesday’s data showed.
“China can only count on domestic consumption,” said Raymond Yeung, chief economist for Greater China at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group. “The retail sales figure is encouraging. Whether it can be sustainable depends on how fast and large the stimulus package will be.”
--With assistance from Zhu Lin and Iris Ouyang.
(Updates with more details, comments throughout.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Wall Street’s biggest banks reaped almost $37bn in trading revenues in the first quarter of the year — their best performance in more than a...
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
Here's what is still in effect after this week's 90-day pause on "reciprocal" tariffs.
We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the […]
U.S. stocks fell Wednesday after Nvidia warned new restrictions on exports to China will chisel billions of dollars  off its results, while companies around the world said President Donald Trump’s trade war  is clouding forecasts for how they and the economy will do this year.  Losses accelerated after the head of the Federal Reserve said again  that Trump’s tariffs appear to be bigger than it expected, which could in turn slow the economy and raise inflation more than it had earlier thought.  “All of this is highly uncertain,” Powell said.
Speaking on the company’s earnings call, Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon said in part: “I would I would say the level of uncertainty is up significantly and it’s partially up because growth was slowing down before we got to the implementation of trade policy” and the implementation of trade policy reset the prospect of forward growth “pretty significantly all over the world.” Solomon added: “I would say that when you get outside of the U.S. and I listened to CEOs, I hear a greater sense of
Markets welcomed the 90-day pause on President Donald Trump's tariff plan, but banker forecasts for mergers and acquisitions and earnings remain uncertain.
(Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. sold a combined $14 billion of US investment-grade bonds Tuesday, matching the day-earlier total from peers Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingWells Fargo is issuing $8
Says “largely complete” on goals of Simplification: Focus on five core interconnected businesses; exit 14 international consumer markets; simplify the organization and management structure; and Culture and Talent: build a winning culture; invest in talent; deliver One Citi (C). Says main priorities for 2025 and 2026 are goals of Transformation: #1 priority; relentless execution; regulatory remediation; modernize infrastructure; data enhancements; and Enhance Business Performance: Maximize unique
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.