Title: Goldman Sachs 'will adapt' to economic uncertainties ahead
Date: 2025-04-14 14:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/goldman-sachs-adapt-economic-uncertainties-141005069.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Goldman Sachs's (GS) first quarter earnings came in better than expected despite a complicated policy landscape under Trump 2.0. Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon noted that the market is "entering the second quarter with a markedly different operating environment than earlier this year." Hennessy Funds portfolio manager David Ellison joins Morning Brief with Madison Mills and Brad Smith to discuss the results and the company's position. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. as you think about what they're kind of classifying right now and what they're, what they're looking towards in this environment to really kind of pull the levers of their business that would, would best suit navigating what some of the other bank CEOs have talked about in foreseeable or considerable turbulence were the words that Jamie Diamond used when they reported earnings. How is Goldman positioned differently to navigate if they don't lean into such a heavy consumer product focus and instead rest on some of their laurels such as trading, such as wealth management even and, and how can that continue to kind of buoy the ship in this near term? Well, I think historically, you know, that's been their strength so it's been, you know, trading, investment banking, sales and trading, you know, all those things and that's, you know, that's been their strength and I think they do it better than most everybody else and I think that they'll be fine. I think the issue is sort of where the economy is going to go and things have obviously changed a lot in the last, you know, 30 days or so or last 20 days or maybe the last two hours. Um, but I think these are, you know, these are the types of companies, you know, Goldman is a good example of a company that's gonna, that will adapt. I don't know exactly how, but you know, I've adapted to the business that I'm in, that has changed over the years and they'll do the same. And I think that, you know, recessions are not bad for them, recoveries aren't bad for them, if they manage it right. So I think you're, you know, you get back to sort of what do you want to buy in this environment? You know, you buy well-run companies and let them figure it out and let them do the hard work to get to the other side. Yeah. And just some context for our audience, we've been reporting on how a growth area for Goldman moving forward is their wealth management business executives have been pointing to that as a growth area over the past several quarters. I do want to point out though something that David, David Solomon, Goldman Sachs CEO said here, saying that we are entering the second corner with a markedly different operating environment than earlier this year, that came in the statement this morning. Uh, what do you make of him avoiding the big T word there? And instead talking about this as just a markedly different environment? Well, I guess it's, you know, it may be, you know, the politically correct thing to do, but I think it's, you know, it's more than tariffs, it's, you know, it's what's gonna happen to the employ, to the, you know, labor pool in the United States. What's gonna happen to the M&A activity that he's gonna see or be allowed to do, let's say in the banking industry or all the other industries that are sort of being deregulated. Uh, so there's a lot of other things happening and that, that are unrelated to tariffs. Tariffs seems to be the thing that everybody's talking about now. Um, but, you know, I think the issue now is, you know, things are a lot different. So the question is, how is, you know, how are you going to adapt to that? So, I, I'm not, you know, I'm not trying to be, you know, the guy that thinks, you know, everything's going to be great, but I think the companies will adapt and they'll adjust. And I think our job as PMs and as analysts is to try to figure out which companies are going to be willing to do that and make the adjustments and hang on and see what happens. "When people are vomiting up stocks, you gotta be in there cleaning it up," Craig Johnson told Business Insider. A weaker-than-expected revenue report was the news item driving down LVMH Moët Hennessy -- Louis Vuitton's (OTC: LVMUY) American depositary shares (ADS) on Monday.  On Sunday, LVMH published details of its first-quarter revenue, showing that its total top line for the period was just over 20.3 billion euros ($23.1 billion).  Fashion and leather goods, by far its most significant in terms of revenue, was buffeted by a 5% decline from the first-quarter 2024 result, bringing in $11.5 billion. The S&P 500 gained 0.8% on Monday, April 14, 2025, after smartphones and other electronics were exempted from President Donald Trump's "reciprocal" tariffs. Allegro had said in March that a sweetened $35.10 per share offer from Onsemi was "inadequate", just a few months after the smaller chip firm turned down a $34.50 a share proposal.  "We have decided to withdraw our acquisition proposal given the reluctance of Allegro’s Board of Directors to fully engage and explore our proposal," Onsemi CEO Hassane El-Khoury said. We recently published a list of 12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy For Long-Term Investment. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other tech stocks to buy for long-term investment. On April 1, Chris Verrone, chief market strategist at Strategas Research Partners, appeared on […] Palantir (NASDAQ: PLTR) stock posted big gains in Monday's trading.  The software company's share price closed out the daily session up 4.6% and had been up as much as 9.9% earlier in the session.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite closed out the day up 0.7% and 0.6%, respectively. ADTN's XGS-PON fiber access technology solutions are deployed by Highland Broadband to bring Gigabit fiber to the slowest broadband village in Scotland. Whether you're a value, growth, or momentum investor, finding strong stocks becomes easier with the Zacks Style Scores, a top feature of the Zacks Premium research service. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim […] The military alliance will use Palantir’s Maven Smart System to modernize its war-fighting capabilities. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
