Title: Gold Climbs to Record as Expanding Trade War Aids Haven Demand
Date: 2025-04-16 01:46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-climbs-record-expanding-trade-000033810.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Gold rose to a record high as US President Donald Trump ordered a probe that could open up a new front in the global war, sparking another retreat from equities and a move toward haven assets. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing Bullion gained as much as 1.4% on Wednesday to climb above $3,275 an ounce for the first time, surpassing the previous all-time peak set on Monday. Traders were whiplashed again by a slew of tariff headlines, with Trump launching an investigation into the need for levies on critical minerals. The precious metal has climbed more than 20% and hit a series of record highs this year as an escalating trade war creates anxieties over the prospect of a global recession. Flip flops on tariff policies have roiled global markets this month as investors struggle to take long-term positions due to the unpredictability of announcements from Washington. On Tuesday, Trump called on China to reach out to him in order to kick off trade negotiations after Beijing ordered airlines not to take further deliveries of Boeing Co. jets. The US administration also announced this week investigations into semiconductors and pharmaceutical imports, after placing sector-specific tariffs on steel and aluminum, automobiles and car parts. It’s also said it is negotiating with dozens of other trading partners to lower trade barriers in exchange for relief on higher duties. Leading banks remain optimistic about gold’s prospects over the coming quarters as investors add to holdings in gold-backed exchange-traded funds and central banks continue to accumulate the metal. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is forecasting that prices will rally to $4,000 an ounce by mid-2026. “The power struggle between major countries will continue,” said Luchen Wang, a Shanghai-based analyst at Galaxy Futures Co. “Gold’s appeal as a safe-haven asset means it’s more likely to rise than fall in the near to medium term.” Traders are also betting there will be at least three Federal Reserve rate cuts this year. Monetary easing is generally positive for the precious metal. Gold was up 1.1% to $3,266.61 an ounce as of 9.42 a.m. Singapore time. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell. Silver was little changed, while palladium and platinum edged lower. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) -- Oil steadied after a modest decline on Tuesday as expectations for a glut, and the trade war between the world’s two biggest economies weighed on the demand outlook.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBrent crude traded Oil prices were flat early on Wednesday, as shifting U.S. trade policies fuelled uncertainty while markets assessed the potential impact of the U.S.-China trade war on economic growth and energy demand.  Brent crude futures rose 5 cents, or 0.1%, to $64.72 per barrel by 0039 GMT, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude was up 3 cents, or 0.1%, to $61.36.  Global oil demand is expected to grow at its slowest rate for five years in 2025 and U.S. production rises will also taper off, due to U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs on trading partners and their retaliatory moves, the International Energy Agency said on Tuesday. Chinese first quarter GDP data and a batch of March economic indicators are due later in the session, though they will be backward-looking and U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell is scheduled to speak.  It is up more than 4.5% this month and was overdue a pullback and there has also been little sign of substantive progress toward any deal to avoid heavy U.S. tariffs.  The Swiss franc, the largest gainer amongst G10 currencies since Donald Trump's "Liberation Day" tariff announcement, was firmer on Wednesday morning at 0.8184 per dollar. Chinese sellers of items from lunch boxes to appliances have taken to social media platform Rednote to generate sympathy purchases, telling domestic consumers they are offloading stock at bargain prices amid U.S. tariffs.  Over the past week, dozens of sellers have broadcast livestreams showing goods produced for U.S. customers, which they said they could no longer sell because of tariff rates of 145% for made-in-China goods imposed by President Donald Trump's administration.  Some of the sellers sold items such as Costa Coffee mugs, but most were brands not widely known abroad, such as OSTMARS and APLX, which are sold on Amazon. China's economy expanded at a 5.4% annual pace in January-March, supported by strong exports ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump’s rapid increases in tariffs on Chinese exports, the government said Wednesday.  Analysts are forecasting that the world’s second largest economy will slow significantly in coming months, however, as tariffs as high as 145% on U.S. imports from China take effect.  Exports were a strong factor in China’s ability to attain a 5% annual growth rate in 2024 and the official target for this year remains at about 5%. China's economy grew 5.4% year-on-year in the first quarter, data showed on Wednesday, beating expectations, but an escalating trade war with the United States has darkened the outlook and raised pressure on Beijing to roll out more stimulus.  Beijing is aiming for economic growth of "around 5%" this year, a goal analysts say is ambitious given a protracted property downturn, sluggish domestic demand and U.S. President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs on Chinese goods. Nvidia says new US restrictions on exports of its H2O chip to China will cost the company billions of dollars. Bloomberg's Michael Shepard reports. SHANGHAI (Reuters) -Tesla's plans to ship components from China for Cybercab and Semi electric trucks in the United States were suspended after President Donald Trump raised tariffs on Chinese goods amid a trade war, said a person with direct knowledge.  The move could disrupt Tesla's plan to start mass production of the much-anticipated models, which its CEO Elon Musk has been touting to investors as major innovations providing growth momentum of the U.S. automaker. Trucking company is first major freight operator to report results since Trump began rolling out new tariffs. PumpSwap, a decentralized exchange (DEX) by Pump.fun, processed $2.5 billion in trades during the week of April 6, reflecting a 40% increase from the previous week. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
