Title: US Stocks Tumble Again With Tariffs Set to Roil Global Economy
Date: 2025-04-08 20:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-stock-futures-soar-dip-122149874.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Another volatile day on Wall Street pushed the S&P 500 Index back to the brink of a bear market as the Trump administration doubled down on its plans to enact hefty tariffs that threaten to send the American economy into a recession. Most Read from Bloomberg The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up The S&P 500 fell 1.6% in a fourth straight session that has seen moves of at least 4% from peak to trough. The index powered higher by as much as 4% in early trading on optimism that President Donald Trump would negotiate lower rates on key allies. Those hopes faded throughout the day White House officials confirmed a 104% levy on imports from China would start at midnight, while China dug in with threats to retaliate. Treasury yields rose after a three-year note auction went off poorly and measures of credit spreads tightened anew. China’s offshore currency tumbled. All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower. The index ended down almost 19% from its February record, posting the worst four-day run since March 2020. The Nasdaq 100 declined 2.0%. On Semiconductor, Intel Corp. and Microchip Technology Inc. sank at least 8% to lead a rout in chipmakers. Apple Inc. and Tesla Inc. slid more than 4.5%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average increased 0.8% and the Russell 2000 Index dropped 2.7%. The Cboe Volatility Index spiked above 50, a level associated with extreme market stress. “Traders were overenthusiastic about this morning’s rally, which then succumbed under the weight of negative news flow: 104% Chinese tariffs, a record low Yuan, and a sloppy 3-year auction,” wrote Steve Sosnick, chief strategist at Interactive Brokers. US Trade Representative Jamieson Greer told a Congressional hearing on Tuesday that President Donald Trump made clear he won’t issue tariff exemptions in the near term. In addition to the 104% duty on China, Vietnam will be hit with a 46% levy and imports from Japan face a 24% tax. “Right now we’re watching investors try to assign logic to a market that’s being driven more by vibes than valuation,” said Dave Mazza, chief executive officer at Roundhill Financial Inc. “The S&P briefly tumbled into bear territory, and everyone’s pretending there’s a playbook for this. There isn’t.” Seema Shah, chief global strategist at Principal Asset Management, wrote that “market concerns are likely to persist as long as President Trump’s approach to negotiations with China remain unconstructive.” To Nomura Securities’ Charlie McElligott, tariffs will drag growth lower in the weeks and potentially months ahead, regardless of occasional rallies driven by short covering and potential mechanical flows. The stock market is particularly vulnerable to wild swings due to a combination of thin liquidity and headline-driven algorithmic trading. According to Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s trading desk, the gap between market volume and liquidity in S&P 500 futures is currently the widest in the bank’s data set. “Liquidity is terrible so anyone with just a decent-sized order is going to move the market,” said Brent Kochuba, founder of SpotGamma. From a technical analysis prospective, the S&P 500 broke below its support level of 5,000, plunging again into a deeply oversold territory. The index’s 14-day relative strength index sank to 20.7. Another test for stocks starts this Friday as earnings season kicks off, starting with results from big US banks including JPMorgan and Wells Fargo & Co. For the first quarter, analysts now see year-over-year earnings growth of 6.7% for the S&P 500, down from about 11.1% in early November when Trump was elected, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. For all of 2025, they see profits rising 9.4%, compared with a forecast of 12.5% at the beginning of the year. Delta Air Lines Inc., CarMax Inc. and Constellation Brands Inc. also report earnings this week, and are expected to discuss the wide-ranging impact of tariffs on their customers and supply chains at earnings calls. --With assistance from Jan-Patrick Barnert, Geoffrey Morgan and Michael Msika. (Updates stock moves. A previous version of this story corrected the headline to show stocks pared gains.) ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. The major indexes had another volatile day Tuesday, bouncing between positive and negative. Nvidia and Palantir remained positive on the stock market today. White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt says Trump “believes we have the labor, we have the workforce, we have the resources” to make iPhones in America. Apple exported more than $17 billion of iPhones from India last year, a rapid expansion that is set to help the company offset new tariffs announced by the Trump administration.  India’s smartphone exports jumped by more than 50% in the 12 months that ended in March compared to the previous year, the country’s technology minister said Tuesday.  The Wall Street Journal reported Monday that Apple plans to send more iPhones to the U.S. from India to offset the high cost of China tariffs. Overseas Optimism Help Turn Pre-Markets Into Green. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
