Title: Bond Market Turbulence Lifts 30-Year Yield Most Since March 2020
Date: 2025-04-07 20:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-bonds-stumble-traders-debate-144943042.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- US government bonds tumbled Monday, erasing a portion of their biggest weekly advance since August, amid signs investors were momentarily regaining their appetite for risk. Most Read from Bloomberg Housing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC Headquarters This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing The historic selloff lifted yields across all maturities by at least 20 basis points during the session, with those on 30-year bonds higher by nearly 23 basis points in late trading — set for the biggest one-day increase since March 2020. “We are in this environment where a little bit of good news has a disproportional environment on asset prices,” said Ian Pollick, head of fixed income, commodities and currency strategy at CIBC. “We saw some potential rebalancing of the markets today, with the equity market starting to improve, and it had the first impact on displacing bonds.” Traders’ bets on how much the Federal Reserve will lower interest rates this year fluctuated between three and five quarter-point cuts. Four reductions are now reflected in overnight interest-rate swaps this year, with the first fully priced in for June. A May reduction is seen as a coin toss. Fear of a global recession triggered by the US administration’s tariffs agenda announced last week — and uncertainty around whether some of the most severe levies are being negotiated — led to sharp swings in the bond market as the week kicked off. While US President Donald Trump touted talks with Japanese officials, the White House denied to CNBC any plans to pause tariffs for 90 days. Some of the whipsawing in Treasuries is tied to to the volatility in stocks, said Subadra Rajappa, head of US rates strategy at Societe Generale. The S&P 500 was only slightly lower after diving as much as 4.7% and then climbing 3.4%. Likewise, yields on 30-year bonds fell as low as 4.32%, then shot up to 4.62%. They were around 4.58% in late trading. “It’s perhaps a combination of factors,” Rajappa said. “First, unlike prior crises it is not clear the Fed put is viable this time. Second, it is the concern that Treasuries might not act as a haven asset.” Volatility in rates also surged, and interest-rate swaps dramatically outperformed Treasuries, indicating a preference for off-balance-sheet alternatives. There’s also potential for auctions later this week to reveal cracks in demand for US bonds, especially from foreign buyers. The Treasury will sell three- and 10-year notes and 30-year bonds, starting on Tuesday. “The market’s notably skittish,” Brij Khurana, portfolio manager at Wellington Management Co., said. “If you want to solve trade, unfortunately that does mean that you’re going to have less demand for US assets going forward from foreigners.” Wobbly Fed Bets For traders wagering on the Fed’s reaction to the uncertainty, it’s a question of how severely a trade war will impact inflation and the economy. Bill Dudley, a Bloomberg Opinion columnist and former New York Fed president, said on Monday that stagflation has become the US’s best-case scenario. Traders earlier in the session had priced in five rate cuts in 2025 — and even started to bet on the chance that policymakers would lower rates before their next planned policy meeting in May. Those wagers have since crumbled. Emergency interest-rate cuts are highly unusual and last employed by the Fed as the coronavirus outbreak roiled markets in early 2020. Traders briefly anticipated an inter-meeting cut in August when stocks fell sharply amid an unwind of the yen carry-trade, but policymakers held firm. Late last week, open interest in the April fed funds futures soared, with volumes Thursday ending at a record high. At least one large block trade stands to benefit from a potential Fed policy move before the next scheduled meeting, based on the expiry date of the contract. Recession Incoming In recent days, JPMorgan Chase & Co. said it expects the US economy to fall into a recession this year. Chief Economist Michael Feroli sees the Fed cutting in June, with moves at each subsequent meeting through January. The bank’s chief executive officer Jamie Dimon weighed in early Monday, urging a quick resolution to the uncertainties sparked by tariffs. Economists at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. also changed their forecasts last week, with three reductions now the base case for both the Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank. What Bloomberg strategists say... “The Federal Reserve may soon not have a choice but to cut rates. Tariffs raise the ugly scepter of inflation, true, but if growth turns pear-shaped, the Fed will have no choice but to prioritize the economy.” — Ven Ram, macro strategist, Dubai. Governments around the world are rushing to negotiate with US officials to reduce the tariffs imposed on their exports, leaving markets in freefall as traders price in the uncertainty of whether deals can be struck. Traders have also slashed rate-cut bets for the ECB and Bank of England on expectations policymakers will have to act to shield their economies. Fed Chair Jerome Powell made clear on Friday that he would not rush to ease rates even as turmoil erupts across markets. In a speech, he stressed that still-elevated inflation means policymakers will need to act with caution given the temporary price boost from tariffs. Still, “there’s a mentality that Treasuries were overpriced, and people who felt comfortable enough that the tariff situation was showing some signs of improvement were willing to sell,” said Tony Farren, managing director in rates sales and trading at Mischler Financial Group. “I’m not saying they’ll be right tomorrow, but they were definitely right today.” --With assistance from Michael Mackenzie, Alice Atkins and Ye Xie. (Adds comments, updates yield levels.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal With Shake Shack in First Class, Airline Food Is No Longer a Joke India’s Destination Weddings Fuel a New Tourist Economy China Tells Kids to Study Manufacturing to Fill Factory Jobs ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. PARIS (Reuters) -The head of France's Medef business lobby group warned on Wednesday that sweeping U.S. tariffs could hit economic growth and lead to a recession, and he urged authorities to act to make French businesses more competitive.  "The risk is that growth will stall and that we go into a recession," Patrick Martin told RTL radio when asked about the impact of U.S. tariffs on French businesses.  U.S. President Donald Trump's "reciprocal" tariffs on dozens of countries took effect on Wednesday, including massive 104% duties on Chinese goods, deepening his global trade war even as he prepared for negotiations with some nations. The operator of Uniqlo, Japan's Fast Retailing, is expected to post another quarter of strong earnings on Thursday, but the focus will be on how the global clothing chain navigates a trade environment thrown into disarray by new U.S. tariffs.  Fast Retailing is expected to post a 14% rise in operating profit to 125.9 billion yen ($866 million) in the three months through February from a year earlier, based on the LSEG consensus forecast drawn from six analysts.  From one store in Hiroshima, western Japan, 40 years ago, Uniqlo has grown to more than 2,500 locations across the world, selling inexpensive fleeces and cotton shirts made primarily in China and other Asian manufacturing hubs. The stock market tumble could have more room to run as tariffs continue to wreak havoc, Morgan Stanley's Mike Wilson said. Some of Wall Street's brightest minds have been sounding off about President Donald Trump's tariffs. I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
