Title: Jim Cramer Calls Goldman Sachs (GS) a Changed Firm_ No Longer Gripped by Wall Street’s Wild Side
Date: 2025-04-15 19:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-calls-goldman-sachs-190105620.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing to earnings reports from major banks. “Rumor, innuendo, intrigue these are the stuff of great novels, of fabulous miniseries, riveting plays, and now they’re the stuff of the stock market.” READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks and 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently. He noted the chaotic nature of the current environment and remarked that “this tape has it all,” and emphasized how unpredictable developments from the White House have added to the turbulence. Cramer noted that information is being released constantly, through press conferences, posts on Truth Social, or casual remarks, and that each has the potential to move vast sums of money across asset classes. “Trillions of dollars in and out of bonds, of currency, of gold, of crypto,” he said, all based on impulsive statements. He pointed out the sheer volume of contradictions in the news cycle and stressed, “Except this isn’t an eight-part blockbuster, it’s our money.” Cramer lamented how even social media activity, like tweets, can trigger massive swings in the markets. He noted that Friday’s market action felt like it was shaped entirely by this dynamic. Cramer questioned whether the market might be in the process of forming what he called a “liberation day bottom,” a moment when selling pressure finally ends because investors feel that all the bad news is out. But he acknowledged the uncertainty of that theory as he said, “Not sure, I’m just not sure.” He added: “Have you ever noticed the weekends don’t provide relaxation anymore because the president’s got advisors? He’s got to put people out. He wants to tweet. He’s got meetings. No relaxation time, no downtime…. Monday’s trading, well, let’s just say that it looks like that it’s earning season so it’s gonna be even harder than usual.” For this article, we compiled a list of 15 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 11. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A close-up of a financial advisor giving advice to a customer, demonstrating the importance of consumer and wealth management. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81 The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) was mentioned during the episode, and here’s what he had to say: “Alright, well, let’s start with Goldman Sachs, right? That’s what it’s, it’s the first bank stock. It’s the first stock that reports this week and I’ve gotta tell you, usually doesn’t report on Mondays. It’s interesting. JPMorgan stole the show today with a monster good quarter. Wells Fargo was too run of the mill. That one hurt me for my Charitable Trust. I don’t know… Morgan Stanley, better. Goldman’s by far the most controversial. Why? Because as an investment bank, its business can be pretty episodic. Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) is a financial firm known for investment banking. It also provides wealth management services and other financial solutions. Overall, GS ranks 1st on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of GS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. Wall Street’s biggest banks reaped almost $37bn in trading revenues in the first quarter of the year — their best performance in more than a... JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. Here's what is still in effect after this week's 90-day pause on "reciprocal" tariffs. We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading […] (Bloomberg) -- China’s economy showed surprising strength in early 2025 thanks to consumer subsidies and a rush of export shipments to beat tariffs, although an impasse with Donald Trump over the trade war is darkening its outlook and fueling calls for stimulus.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsChina’s gross domestic product grew 5.4% in The report outlines other risks associated with extending the use of ageing coal power plants, including safety concerns and the financial viability of refurbishments. Speaking on the company’s earnings call, Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon said in part: “I would I would say the level of uncertainty is up significantly and it’s partially up because growth was slowing down before we got to the implementation of trade policy” and the implementation of trade policy reset the prospect of forward growth “pretty significantly all over the world.” Solomon added: “I would say that when you get outside of the U.S. and I listened to CEOs, I hear a greater sense of We recently published a list of Biotech Stocks Dominate Monday’s Top 10 Gainers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ADMA Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) stands against other biotech stocks that dominate Monday’s top gainers. The stock market kicked off the shortened trading week on a positive note, with Wall Street’s […] (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. sold a combined $14 billion of US investment-grade bonds Tuesday, matching the day-earlier total from peers Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingWells Fargo is issuing $8 U.S. manufacturing production rose moderately in March and could decelerate further amid President Donald Trump's global tariffs, which have sparked a trade war with China.  Factory output increased 0.3% last month after an upwardly revised 1.0% rebound in February, the Federal Reserve said on Wednesday.  Manufacturing, which accounts for 10.2% of the economy, grew at a 5.1% rate in the first quarter after contracting at a 1.5% pace in the October-December quarter. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
