Title: Goldman Warns Oil Below $40 Is Possible in ‘Extreme’ Scenario
Date: 2025-04-08 08:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-warns-oil-below-40-082033381.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. — fresh from cutting oil forecasts twice in a week — said Brent has the outside potential to fall below $40 a barrel under “extreme” outcomes as the trade war flares and supplies rise. Most Read from Bloomberg The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side Housing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC Headquarters Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing “In a more extreme and less likely scenario with both a global GDP slowdown and a full unwind of OPEC+ cuts, which would discipline non-OPEC supply, we estimate that Brent would fall just under $40 a barrel in late 2026,” analysts including Yulia Grigsby said in an April 7 note. That view does not represent the bank’s current base-case outlook, which has Brent at $55 next December. The global oil market has been rocked in recent sessions as the Trump administration’s escalation of the trade war, plus pushback from some other economies including China, raised recessionary risks and headwinds for energy consumption. At the same time, OPEC+ has pivoted, adding more barrels back than had been expected after a long period of supply restraint. Against that backdrop, banks including Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Societe Generale SA have cut base-case forecasts, as well as exploring less-likely bearish and bullish outcomes. That’s common practice for commodity watchers as they scope out scenarios under different conditions. Assuming a “typical” US recession, plus baseline expectations for supply, Brent was seen at $58 a barrel this December, and $50 in the same month next year, the Goldman analysts said in the note, titled “How Low Could Oil Prices Go?” Brent was last at $63.90 a barrel, after hitting a four-year low on Monday. --With assistance from Sarah Chen. (Updates Brent price in final paragraph) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal With Shake Shack in First Class, Airline Food Is No Longer a Joke World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US India’s Destination Weddings Fuel a New Tourist Economy ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco&nbsp;President Mary Daly&nbsp;says the US central bank can take its time before making any policy adjustments during a moderated discussion at Brigham Young University. President Trump's tariffs on US trading partners has triggered the stock market to swing more wildly than the oldest&nbsp;cryptocurrency, Bitcoin. Bitwise CIO Matt Hougan says "Bitcoin bulls should be inspired" and "it's setup to rally significantly if we get a period of stability in the broader equity markets." Clothing and accessories retailers across the United States are delaying orders and freezing hiring ahead of tariff hikes that take effect Wednesday on products imported from Vietnam and China.  These businesses, much like Nike and Lululemon, face an impossible choice: offset the cost of tariffs by raising prices by some 40% - potentially cratering sales - or absorb the cost increase and further strain already-thin profit margins.  Ian Rosenberger, CEO of Day Owl, a six-year-old New York company that makes backpacks in Vietnam, has paused future orders. DUBAI (Reuters) -Saudi Arabia, with its wealth linked inextricably to oil revenue, faces mounting pressure to raise debt or cut spending after a plunge in crude prices, complicating plans to fund an ambitious agenda to diversify its economy.  Oil prices have tumbled to near four-year lows on fears a trade war will hit global growth and after a surprise decision by some OPEC+ oil producers, including Saudi Arabia, to boost their output plans.  The price decline threatens to erase tens of billions of dollars of Saudi revenue, along with a planned drop in dividends from state-controlled energy giant Saudi Aramco. Oil has had a rocky 2025 so far with U.S. oil prices tracking an even bigger decline than that of stocks.  Late Monday, Goldman Sachs analysts forecast that West Texas Intermediate, the U.S. standard, will fall to $58 a barrel by the end of 2025 and hit $51 by Dec. 2026.  WTI futures last traded at $60.99 a barrel, while Brent crude sold for $64.43 a barrel. With UK growth forecasts downgraded, businesses are under greater pressure to manage liquidity and protect margins. Trade and invoice financing are emerging as key tools to support growth strategies in a stagnant economy, writes Mark Finn of eCapital Commercial Finance. On April 2, Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) released its quarterly vehicle delivery report for the first quarter of 2025.  Global electric vehicle (EV) deliveries dropped 13% year over year to 336,681, falling more than 53,000 short of the analyst expectations of 390,000 vehicle deliveries (based on Bloomberg data).  It even widely missed the consensus estimate sent by Tesla's investor relations team to some analysts of 377,590 deliveries. President&nbsp;Donald Trump's&nbsp;so-called reciprocal tariffs are now in place, pushing US levies imposed on China this year to as high as 104%. Bloomberg's Minmin Low reports. Oil&nbsp;sank to a four-year low as an intensifying global trade war threatens to batter energy demand, with a fresh wave of US levies going into effect in a move that will deal a heavy blow to the global economy. The losses have been compounded by a decision by&nbsp;OPEC+&nbsp;to loosen output curbs at a faster clip than previously expected. Ziad Daoud of Bloomberg Economics has the latest. Do you ever wonder how long you should hang onto your tax paperwork? This form of recordkeeping may lead taxpayers to ask how long they need to keep and store documentation or if they are meant to... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
