Title: Goldman Sachs Shares Climb as Bank Posts Best-Ever Trading Quarter
Date: 2025-04-14 17:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-shares-climb-bank-173420664.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Shares of Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) climbed about 3% on Monday morning after the bank posted stronger-than-expected first-quarter earnings, driven by a stellar showing from its equities trading unit. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with GS. Net income for the quarter rose 15% from a year ago to $4.74 billion, or $14.12 per share, beating analyst expectations of $12.33. Revenue grew 6% year-on-year to $15.06 billion, topping forecasts of $14.77 billion. The biggest boost came from Goldman's stock trading desk, which delivered $4.2 billion in revenue, a 27% increase from the same period last year and the best quarter on record for the unit. CEO David Solomon said the firm is confident in its ability to support clients despite evolving market conditions as it heads into the second quarter. The earnings follow a strong report from JPMorgan (NYSE:JPM) last week, which saw a 9% jump in quarterly profit to $14.6 billion. Wall Street's robust Q1 could face fresh challenges, however, as newly imposed U.S. tariffs begin to ripple through markets in the months ahead. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. Goldman Sachs (GS) opened the floodgates on first-quarter earnings Monday, reporting a 15% jump in profit to $4.74 billion, or $14.12 per share. Strong trading revenues fueled the beat, and shares climbed 1.7% at the open — despite being down about 14% year-to-date. Answering reporters’ questions in the Oval Office, Trump said he may cut deals for car companies to help them manage the impact of tariffs.  Currently, 25% levies apply to car imports, with similar levies for car parts expected in early May. The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up. Goldman Sachs earnings beat Q1 views as global banking revenue offset declines elsewhere. The Dow giant was cautious on Q2. But GS stock rose. ADTN's XGS-PON fiber access technology solutions are deployed by Highland Broadband to bring Gigabit fiber to the slowest broadband village in Scotland. While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Goldman (GS) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values. Goldman Sachs  on Monday reported first-quarter profit that beat analyst expectations as tumultuous markets proved a double-edged sword.  The bank’s trading business boomed, benefiting from market swings, while revenue from investment bankers’ advisory work declined.  Goldman’s stock and bond traders took advantage of volatile markets, which can create opportunities for making big bets. We recently published a list of the 11 Best Semiconductor Equipment Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where KLA Corporation (NASDAQ:KLAC) stands against other best semiconductor equipment stocks to buy according to analysts. As per Straits Research, the US semiconductor manufacturing equipment market size was […] Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
