Title: EM Stocks Erase 2025 Gain as Tariffs Fuel Worst Day in 17 Years
Date: 2025-04-07 20:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/emerging-equities-sink-most-since-075351351.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Emerging-market assets slumped, erasing gains for the year as fallout from President Donald Trump’s trade policies continued to upend global markets on Monday. Most Read from Bloomberg Housing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC Headquarters The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing MSCI’s main emerging equity index slid 7.9%, its biggest drop since the 2008 global financial crisis, as China’s retaliatory duty on US goods rippled through Asian markets. A sister gauge EM currencies fell as much as 0.6%, touching session lows after Trump threatened an additional 50% tariff on China unless the levies are withdrawn. “Emerging markets are still under pressure from Liberation Day tariffs, but new tariff threats directed at China have exacerbated the selloff,” said Brendan McKenna, a currency strategist at Wells Fargo in New York. “Markets were very taken aback by the extent of tariffs on global trading partners and also the tariff rates that were ultimately imposed.” Monday’s slump left EM equities down 6.9% for the year — still outperforming than the S&P 500’s 14% decline. The MSCI gauge for developing currencies, which trimmed 2025 gains as investors flock back to the dollar, is still up 1.2% in the span. The sweeping US tariffs introduced by the US last week are threatening to sharply slow the world’s largest economy, with many economists, including at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., seeing the risk of recession and traders boosting bets on Federal Reserve interest rate cuts. Morgan Stanley told investors to add to their bearish bets on emerging-market currencies, while recommending increased exposure to local debt and interest-rate swaps on expectations for a more dovish stance from developing-world central banks. “We don’t believe FX markets are fully pricing a global recession,” strategists including James Lord wrote in a note Monday, suggesting going long the US dollar against the Colombian peso, and also betting on gains in the euro against the Polish zloty. The higher levies could also devastate developing nations’ trade and economies, especially as countermeasures kick in. Hard currency bonds from nations including Pakistan and Sri Lanka — which were levied at 29% and 44%, respectively — were among the worst performers Monday. The European Union is proposing 25% tariffs on a selection of US goods in retaliation for Trump’s decision last month to put levies on aluminum and steel import, according to a document seen by Bloomberg News. Emerging assets held on to losses following the report. China rout Beijing, which faces some of the stiffest curbs, retaliated Friday with tariffs on US imports. The moves sent Chinese shares in Hong Kong down 13.8% on Monday, putting them into a bear market, while the People’s Bank of China weakened its daily yuan reference rate to a level unseen since December. That’s raised speculation Beijing may resort to devaluing the yuan against the dollar. The offshore yuan added to losses, falling to a session low after Trump’s threat of more tariffs. Latin American currencies also dipped further on the headlines, with the Colombian peso falling more than 3% and the Brazilian real hitting the lowest since January. The sharp moves in global markets forced many central banks to step to their currencies’ defense. While Indonesian markets have been shut for a week-long holiday, the central bank acted Monday to preempt what could be a turbulent reopening by intervening in the offshore rupiah market. Officials said they will “aggressively” intervene onshore, when the local market reopens on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Nigeria’s central bank sold dollars to ensure “adequate liquidity” and stem an erosion of the naira exchange rate, while earlier in the day Taiwan’s state-backed lenders sold the greenback. Volatility Global stocks briefly pared losses Monday, with the S&P 500 turning positive amid reports that Trump was considering a 90-day pause in tariffs for all countries except China. The moves, which also helped prop up developing currencies, soon faded as the White House denied the information as “fake news.” “Anyone buying risk on these headlines is taking a huge gamble, to state the obvious,’ said Win Thin, global head of markets strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman. --With assistance from Abhishek Vishnoi and Joanna Ossinger. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal With Shake Shack in First Class, Airline Food Is No Longer a Joke India’s Destination Weddings Fuel a New Tourist Economy China Tells Kids to Study Manufacturing to Fill Factory Jobs ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Oil prices settled down more than $1 a barrel on Tuesday at a four-year low as investors priced in an increasing likelihood of a recession due to the escalating trade war between the U.S. and China, the world's two biggest economies.  The two benchmarks have slumped by 16% since U.S. President Donald Trump's April 2 announcement of tariffs on all U.S. imports.  The U.S. will impose a 104% tariff on China from 12:01 a.m. EDT (0401 GMT) on Wednesday, a White House official said, adding 50% more to tariffs after Beijing failed to lift its retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods by a noon deadline on Tuesday set by Trump. (Bloomberg) -- The Friday before President Donald Trump’s April 2 announcement of across-the-board tariffs, the top lawyer for one of the biggest US retail industry groups updated members on planning for a potential lawsuit over the trade levies.Most Read from BloombergThe Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World NeedsTrump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, HousingThis Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One SideIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks t European investors still staggering from a nearly 12% plunge over three days in their regional stock benchmark are waking up to a futures market pointing more than 3% higher.  President Donald Trump has hardly backed down in his assault on perceived trade disparities, even doubling down on China by threatening additional 50% levies that would take the combined total well above 100%.  All of this raises suspicions of whether the bounce in markets will last, and even a 3% rebound in the STOXX 600 wouldn't make up much of the rout since Trump's "Liberation Day" tariff announcement last Wednesday. New Zealand will not revise its economic and fiscal plans despite the turmoil in the global financial markets triggered by U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff plans, Finance Minister Nicola Willis said on Tuesday.  A global trade war touched off by Trump's sweeping tariffs escalated further on Monday, as he threatened to increase duties on China and the European Union proposed its own counter-tariffs, wiping out trillions of dollars in stock market value. Some of Wall Street's brightest minds have been sounding off about President Donald Trump's tariffs. 1419 GMT – The dollar correlation to long-term U.S. Treasury yields adjusted for inflation has recently shifted, Bank of America strategist Adarsh Sinha says in a note.  Markets are likely to remain “jumpy” with the dollar trading between 147-148 yen in coming weeks. It follows Trump's unveiling of a 10% baseline tariff on all imports to the U.S. along with higher duties on dozens of other countries.  The White House and Musk did not immediately respond to Reuters requests for comment.  Musk, a Trump adviser who has been working to eliminate wasteful U.S. public spending, called for zero tariffs between the U.S. and Europe during a virtual interaction at a congress in Florence of Italy's right-wing, co-ruling League Party over the weekend. (Bloomberg) -- Japan looks set to get priority in US tariff talks, moving to the front of a long line of countries seeking to roll back President Donald Trump’s so-called reciprocal duties, which are scheduled to kick in on Wednesday.Most Read from BloombergThe Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World NeedsThis Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One SideHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersBoston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats UpTr Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
