Title: Goldman Sachs forecasts Brent, WTI prices under different scenarios
Date: 2025-04-08 06:33
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-forecasts-brent-wti-063345806.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs forecast that Brent and WTI crude prices would be at $62 a barrel and $58 by December 2025 and at $55 and $51 by December 2026, respectively, under two assumptions. The bank, in a note dated April 7, said that the first assumption is the U.S. economy avoids a recession given a large reduction in tariffs, which are scheduled to take effect on April 9. Second, supply from eight OPEC+ countries rises moderately with two final increments of 130,000-140,000 barrels each in June-July However, the bank noted that in a typical U.S. recession and their OPEC baseline scenario, they estimate that Brent would decline to $58 by December 2025, and $50 by December 2026, respectively. Goldman Sachs said oil prices would likely exceed their forecast under a very sharp reversal in tariff policy. On Monday, Goldman Sachs revised down its annual average price forecasts again for Brent and WTI crude in 2026, citing increased recession risks and the possibility of higher-than-expected OPEC+ supply. U.S. President Donald Trump ramped up tariff threats against China on Monday, while the European Union outlined plans for retaliatory duties, deepening fears of a drawn-out trade war that could tip the global economy into recession. Goldman said in a global GDP slowdown scenario and keeping their OPEC baseline unchanged, Brent was estimated to decline to $54 by December 2025 and to $45 by December 2026. Goldman estimates that, in a more extreme and less likely scenario where both a global GDP slowdown and a full unwind of OPEC+ cuts occur, which would discipline non-OPEC supply, Brent prices would fall to just under $40 per barrel by late 2026. Brent crude was trading around $64.72 a barrel, as of 0603 GMT on Tuesday, while WTI was at $61.26.[O/R] (Reporting by Anushree Mukherjee and Anjana Anil in Bengaluru; editing by David Evans) DUBAI (Reuters) -Saudi Arabia, with its wealth linked inextricably to oil revenue, faces mounting pressure to raise debt or cut spending after a plunge in crude prices, complicating plans to fund an ambitious agenda to diversify its economy.  Oil prices have tumbled to near four-year lows on fears a trade war will hit global growth and after a surprise decision by some OPEC+ oil producers, including Saudi Arabia, to boost their output plans.  The price decline threatens to erase tens of billions of dollars of Saudi revenue, along with a planned drop in dividends from state-controlled energy giant Saudi Aramco. Beijing, feeling boxed into a corner by the United States' intensifying tariff assault on China and any country that buys or assembles Chinese goods, is bracing for an economic war of attrition.  Washington last week imposed import tariffs of at least 10% on almost the entire world, and much higher levies on countries such as Vietnam, where Chinese factories have been shifting production.  This drew retaliation from China, followed by new threats of escalation from U.S. President Donald Trump. Crude oil prices plunged to a fresh four-year low as the US-China trade war escalated. Other economic-growth-sensitive commodities, including iron ore and copper, also slumped in recent sessions amid deteriorating demand outlooks in the world’s largest importer.View on euronews U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs said bond pricing inferred that markets believed there was 70% probability of a Ukraine peace deal, up sharply from before the November election of U.S. President Donald Trump.  "Our modeling suggests that current market pricing for a peace deal has risen from below 50% prior to US elections to around 70% at present," Goldman Sachs said in research note to clients.  Trump, who says he wants to be remembered as a peacemaker, has repeatedly said he wants to end the "bloodbath" of the three-year conflict in Ukraine - which his administration casts as a proxy war between the United States and Russia. BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday said it has reached a preliminary agreement with Argentina on a $20 billion bailout, providing a welcome reprieve to President Javier Milei as he seeks to overturn the country's old economic order. (Reuters) -Canada's main stock index gave back its earlier gains to hit a near eight-month low on Tuesday, as energy and consumer discretionary shares led broad-based declines ahead of an expected escalation of the trade war between the United States and China.  Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index ended down 352.56 points, or 1.5%, at 22,506.90, its fourth straight day of steep declines after the U.S. unveiled a sweeping regime of trade tariffs that spooked investors globally.  The United States said that 104% duties on imports from China will take effect shortly after midnight, even as the Trump administration moved to quickly start talks with other trading partners targeted by President Donald Trump's sweeping tariff plan. On the day Donald Trump announced tariffs on imports from a dizzying number of countries last week, the U.S. president gave a special mention to Australian beef.  "They won't take any of our beef," he said of Australia, which has restricted entry of U.S. beef due to mad cow disease concerns for over two decades, stopping almost all shipments.  But Australia's beef industry is feeling relieved, as Trump's 10% tariff on the country's products is not enough to shrink beef exports to the United States running at record levels averaging $275 million a month in the six months to February, industry insiders said. FRANKFURT/LONDON (Reuters) -European pharma companies warned the European Commission president at a meeting on Tuesday that U.S. tariffs would expedite the industry's shift away from Europe and toward the United States.  Pharma trade lobby EFPIA, whose members include European pharma giants Bayer, Novartis and Novo Nordisk, said it had called on EU President Ursula von der Leyen to push for "rapid and radical action" to mitigate the "risk of exodus" to the United States. PARIS (Reuters) -The United States is starting to resemble an emerging market more than a developed country, the head of pan-European stock exchange operator Euronext said on Tuesday as financial markets remained volatile after the imposition of sweeping U.S. tariffs.  "Fear exists all over," Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah told France Inter radio. LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, a potential 2028 White House candidate, stood awkwardly in the Oval Office as President Donald Trump signed executive orders and assailed his political opponents on Wednesday, not long after she delivered a speech nearby that offered soft criticism of him but emphasized shared priorities. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
