Title: Here's How to Play Goldman Stock Ahead of Its Q1 Earnings Release
Date: 2025-04-09 16:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heres-play-goldman-stock-ahead-163100866.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. GS is scheduled to release first-quarter 2025 earnings on April 14 before the opening bell. Stay up-to-date with all quarterly releases: See Zacks Earnings Calendar. Goldman’s close peer JP Morgan JPM is slated to announce quarterly numbers on April 11, whereas Morgan Stanley MS is expected to come out with its performance details on April 15. In the fourth quarter of 2024, Goldman's results benefited from the strength in the investment banking (IB) business. However, a rise in provisions was concerning. Goldman has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company’s earnings outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, with an average earnings surprise of 26.87%.   Image Source: Zacks Investment Research   Let us see how GS is expected to fare in terms of revenues and earnings this time. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter 2025 revenues is pegged at $15.16 billion, calling for a 6.6% rise from the year-ago quarter's reported figure. In the past seven days, the consensus estimate for quarterly earnings has been revised downward to $12.72 per share. However, the projection suggests a rally of 9.8% from the year-ago quarter's reported figure.   Image Source: Zacks Investment Research   Market-Making Revenues: The first quarter saw solid client activities and market volatility. The uncertainty surrounding the impacts of tariffs on the U.S. economy and the Fed’s monetary policy drove client activity as investors shifted to safe investment options. Additionally, volatility was high in equity markets and other asset classes, including commodities, bonds and foreign exchange. Therefore, Goldman's market-making revenues are likely to have witnessed a rise in the quarter to be reported. IB Fees: Global merger and acquisition (M&A) activities in the first quarter of 2025 underperformed prior expectations, with modest growth driven mainly by the Asia Pacific region. The initial optimism of robust IB performance on the back of the Trump administration being business-friendly, and the likelihood of tax cuts and deregulations quickly faded amid trade tensions and tariff uncertainties. This led to significant market volatility and economic uncertainty. As a result, companies became more cautious about pursuing M&A despite stabilizing rates and ample capital. The IPO market saw signs of cautious optimism, given the market volatility and geopolitical challenges. The subdued equity market performance led to weak activity in follow-up equity issuances. Bond issuance volume was weak for similar reasons. Nonetheless, GS’s leadership position in worldwide announced and completed M&As, equity and equity-related offerings, and common stock offerings is likely to have provided it an edge over its peers, offering some support to the company’s quarterly IB revenues. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for IB fees of $1.88 billion indicates an 8.8% decline from the prior quarter's reported level. Net Interest Income (NII):  An uncertain macroeconomic backdrop because of Trump’s tariff plans is likely to have resulted in a decent lending scenario. Per the Fed’s latest data, the demand for commercial and industrial, real estate, and consumer loans was modest in the first two months of the quarter. Hence, loan growth for Goldman is likely to have been decent. In the first quarter, the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged at 4.25-4.5%. This is likely to have offered some support to Goldman’s net interest income (NII) as the funding/deposit costs stabilized. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NII is pegged at $4.67 billion, suggesting significant growth from the $2.35 billion reported in the prior quarter. Expenses: Goldman’s investments in technology and market development expenses for business expansion and a rise in transaction-based expenses due to higher client activity are anticipated to have led to increased expenses in the to-be-reported quarter. Per our proven model, the chances of GS beating estimates this time are high. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. That is the case here, as you can see below. Goldman has an Earnings ESP of +0.89%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they are reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. GS carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. In the first quarter of 2025, Goldman's shares underperformed its industry while outperforming the S&P 500 index. GS performed worse than JPMorgan, but it outpaced Morgan Stanley. JPM rose 2.9%, while MS fell 6.6% during the same time frame.   Image Source: Zacks Investment Research   Let us look at the value GS offers investors at the current levels. Currently, Goldman is trading at 9.78X forward 12-month price/earnings. Meanwhile, the industry’s forward earnings multiple sits at 10.59X. The company’s valuation looks somewhat inexpensive compared with the industry average.   Image Source: Zacks Investment Research   GS is trading at a discount compared with its peers JP Morgan’s forward 12-month earnings of 16.71X and Morgan Stanley’s forward 12-month earnings of 14.47X. The company’s efforts to refocus on the IB and trading businesses provide a solid base for growth in the upcoming period. Goldman is also expected to benefit from leniency in approving merger deals under the Trump administration. Its leadership position in announced and completed M&As gives it an edge over its peers. Goldman plans to ramp up its lending services to private equity and asset managers, and aims to expand internationally. Goldman Asset Management — a unit of GS — intends to expand its private credit portfolio to $300 billion in five years, positioning it for long-term growth. The company’s strong liquidity position supports its capital distribution activities. GS continues to reward its shareholders handsomely. In July 2024, it increased its common stock dividend 9.1% to $3 per share. In the past five years, the company has hiked dividends four times, with an annualized growth rate of 23.60%. Currently, its payout ratio sits at 30% of earnings. While Goldman’s solid fundamentals and strong prospects remain promising, investors should not rush to buy the stock. The company’s rising expenses and bearish analyst sentiments warrant caution. To get clarity and possibly an appealing entry point, those interested in adding the GS stock to their portfolios might be better off waiting until after the quarterly results are out. Also, they should keep an eye on macroeconomic factors that are likely to influence the company’s performance. Those who already own the GS stock can consider retaining it because it is less likely to disappoint over the long term. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research We recently published a list of Deep Value Stocks ETFs: Top 10 Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where WisdomTree U.S. Value Fund (NYSE:WTV) stands against other deep value ETFs to invest in. This year, growth stocks are largely overvalued, trading at massive premiums compared to the riotous tech […] Why investors should use the Zacks Earnings ESP tool to help find stocks that are poised to top quarterly earnings estimates. We recently published a list of Tuesday’s 10 Worst-Performing Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) stands against other Tuesday’s worst-performing stocks. Wall Street’s main indices suffered a bloodbath on Tuesday, recording steep losses amid the looming deadline for President Donald Trump’s new round of tariffs […] Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
