Title: ClearBridge Value Strategy Sold its Holdings in The Goldman Sachs Group (GS) in Q1
Date: 2025-04-09 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/clearbridge-value-strategy-sold-holdings-130018441.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. ClearBridge Investments, an investment management company, released its “ClearBridge Value Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter, the strategy underperformed its Russell 1000 Value benchmark, driven by detractors in the energy and financials, which overcame contributions from overweight to energy and underweight to IT. In addition, please check the fund’s top five holdings to know its best picks in 2025. In its first quarter 2025 investor letter, ClearBridge Value Strategy emphasized stocks such as The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS). Founded in 1869, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is a financial institution that operates through Global Banking & Markets, Asset & Wealth Management, and Platform Solutions segments. The one-month return of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) was -13.72%, and its shares gained 15.34% of their value over the last 52 weeks. On April 8, 2025, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stock closed at $462.22 per share with a market capitalization of $143.65 billion. ClearBridge Value Strategy stated the following regarding The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) in its Q1 2025 investor letter: "Our largest sell was The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) relatively early in the quarter, as expectations for an increased capital market cycle under the new Trump administration brought its share price in line with our assessment of fair value." A financial analyst presenting a chart of insurance solutions to a boardroom. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is not on our list of 30 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. As per our database, 81 hedge fund portfolios held The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) at the end of the fourth quarter compared to 72 in the third quarter. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) reported net revenues of $13.9 billion EPS of $11.95, and ROE of 14.6% and ROTE of 15.5% in the fourth quarter of 2024. While we acknowledge the potential of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is as promising as NVIDIA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock. We covered The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) in another article, where we shared Nightview Capital's views on the company. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q1 2025 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors. READ NEXT: Michael Burry Is Selling These Stocks and A New Dawn Is Coming to US Stocks. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. We recently published a list of Tuesday’s 10 Worst-Performing Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) stands against other Tuesday’s worst-performing stocks. Wall Street’s main indices suffered a bloodbath on Tuesday, recording steep losses amid the looming deadline for President Donald Trump’s new round of tariffs […] GS is set to report first-quarter 2025 earnings. We assess the factors influencing its performance and how investors should play this stock now. The hyperscaler rolled out an agent interoperability protocol that already has buy-in from Accenture, Deloitte and KPMG, Wednesday at Google Cloud Next. ClearBridge Investments, an investment management company, released its “ClearBridge Value Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter, the strategy underperformed its Russell 1000 Value benchmark, driven by detractors in the energy and financials, which overcame contributions from overweight to energy and underweight to […] (Bloomberg) -- The S&P 500 stock index has dropped to a level where long-term investors are starting to buy the dip, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partner John Flood.The US stock index is flirting with bear market levels after plunging nearly 19% since its February peak. The benchmark closed below the 5,000 level for the first time in nearly a year on Tuesday after the US administration implemented reciprocal tariffs on trading partners, boosting recession risk. “From my conversations wi Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
