Title: Goldman Sachs says markets pricing in 70%  probability of Ukrainian peace deal
Date: 2025-04-08 06:09
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-says-markets-pricing-060917317.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs said bond pricing inferred that markets believed there was 70% probability of a Ukraine peace deal, up sharply from before the November election of U.S. President Donald Trump. "Our modeling suggests that current market pricing for a peace deal has risen from below 50% prior to US elections to around 70% at present," Goldman Sachs said in research note to clients. It added, however, that this was slightly lower than a peak of 76% in February. Trump, who says he wants to be remembered as a peacemaker, has repeatedly said he wants to end the "bloodbath" of the three-year conflict in Ukraine - which his administration casts as a proxy war between the United States and Russia. President Vladimir Putin said last month that Russia supported a U.S. proposal for a ceasefire in Ukraine in principle, but that fighting could not be paused until a number of crucial conditions were worked out or clarified. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has said that Putin's conditions for a ceasefire are unrealistic and has accused the Russian leader of wanting to continue the war. Russia currently controls a little under one fifth of Ukraine, including Crimea which Russia annexed in 2014, and most but not all of four other regions which Moscow now claims are part of Russia - a claim not recognised by most countries. (Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) Beijing, feeling boxed into a corner by the United States' intensifying tariff assault on China and any country that buys or assembles Chinese goods, is bracing for an economic war of attrition.  Washington last week imposed import tariffs of at least 10% on almost the entire world, and much higher levies on countries such as Vietnam, where Chinese factories have been shifting production.  This drew retaliation from China, followed by new threats of escalation from U.S. President Donald Trump. On the day Donald Trump announced tariffs on imports from a dizzying number of countries last week, the U.S. president gave a special mention to Australian beef.  "They won't take any of our beef," he said of Australia, which has restricted entry of U.S. beef due to mad cow disease concerns for over two decades, stopping almost all shipments.  But Australia's beef industry is feeling relieved, as Trump's 10% tariff on the country's products is not enough to shrink beef exports to the United States running at record levels averaging $275 million a month in the six months to February, industry insiders said. PANAMA CITY (AP) — Panama’s comptroller authority said Monday an audit found irregularities in the renewal of a 25-year port concession in the interoceanic canal and it would request an investigation into the authorization of the contract to a Hong Kong company. The bank, in a note dated April 7, said that the first assumption is the U.S. economy avoids a recession given a large reduction in tariffs, which are scheduled to take effect on April 9.  However, the bank noted that in a typical U.S. recession and their OPEC baseline scenario, they estimate that Brent would decline to $58 by December 2025, and $50 by December 2026, respectively.  Goldman Sachs said oil prices would likely exceed their forecast under a very sharp reversal in tariff policy. China's state planner said on Tuesday it held a meeting with private domestic companies, including Trina Solar, ride-hailing company Didi and Goertek, to hear suggestions about how to deal with additional U.S. tariffs.  The meeting, which took place in Beijing on April 8, was attended by Zheng Shanjie, chairman of China's National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), the state planner said in a statement. The Trump administration said Tuesday that it's not backing off its latest deadline for New York to end its $9 congestion toll on drivers entering the most traffic-snarled parts of Manhattan, despite a recent court filing that indicated the charge would remain at least through the summer. Major stock indexes fell on Tuesday as the trade war between the United States and China intensified, while oil prices and the U.S. dollar also eased.  The United States said 104% duties on imports from China will take effect shortly after midnight.  S&P 500 companies have lost $5.8 trillion in stock market value since U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff announcement late last Wednesday, the deepest four-day loss since the benchmark was created in the 1950s, according to LSEG data. Pirelli is having difficulties investing in the United States because its largest shareholder is China's state-owned Sinochem, the Italian tyremaker's executive vice chairman Marco Tronchetti Provera said in a newspaper interview on Tuesday.  Pirelli's Chinese and Italian shareholders are at odds over the group's governance as Washington cracks down on Chinese technology in the automotive industry, banning key software and hardware from Chinese-controlled companies.  Tronchetti Provera told Italian daily la Repubblica that Sinochem's 37% stake had proved a hurdle when Pirelli had negotiated with local authorities over doing business in the states of Alabama and Virginia. China's Ministry of Commerce has reached out to Shein and other companies, advising them against diversifying supply chains by sourcing from other countries, one person familiar with the matter told Bloomberg News.  Bloomberg News said it wasn't immediately clear which other firms were contacted by the commerce ministry.  The requests came in the run-up to U.S. President Donald Trump's announcement on reciprocal tariffs that have sent firms scrambling for alternative ways to avoid additional import levies, the person told Bloomberg News. LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, a potential 2028 White House candidate, stood awkwardly in the Oval Office as President Donald Trump signed executive orders and assailed his political opponents on Wednesday, not long after she delivered a speech nearby that offered soft criticism of him but emphasized shared priorities. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
