Title: Jim Cramer_ Goldman Sachs (GS) “Excels in Turmoil,” But Investment Banking Is “Just Not Making a Lot
Date: 2025-04-16 13:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-goldman-sachs-gs-132748110.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer reacted to the partial tariff exemptions announced by the White House, interpreting them not as a full retreat, but as a strategic pause designed to avoid punishing American companies. He suggested the administration was being careful not to hand over competitive advantages to Southeast Asian rivals, particularly Samsung: “So what I saw today, and not to be facetious, but what I see is people saying, you know what, we’ve seen the downside. Maybe we can test it again. But the president has, I don’t want to say blink, because that’s nonsense. What the president did was say, OK, look, we’re not going to continue to punish American companies and give the green light to Korea. I don’t know if you heard Lutnick’s words. He was very specific. Southeast Asia. That’s Samsung. They didn’t want to give the ball to Samsung.” READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks and Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks. Turning to currency dynamics, Cramer pushed back on what he sees as misplaced panic over a weakening U.S. dollar. Instead, he argued that a softer dollar actually benefits American multinationals and gives long-needed relief to CFOs who’ve spent years blaming currency strength for lost market share: “Well, look, I’m not so certain I’m going to do a little contrary stuff on the dollar here. When we listen to conference calls, for the last four years, all we hear about is it would have been so much better if the dollar weren’t so strong. We keep losing share, the dollar’s too strong. Suddenly the dollar’s weaker, and now we start hearing all the downside, what, the bonds? I mean, I’m almost thinking that, I’m gonna put this out there, the people who are saying that it’s the end of the world, that the dollar is weaker, I think they have to go do some work boots on the ground. […] So suddenly the dollar’s weaker and we are petrified? These are people who have an agenda. And their agenda is to say, you know what matters more than anything else? Our hegemony from a strong dollar. And I don’t get it. If you’re in our business of picking stocks, you’re sick and tired of hearing CFOs say, we are done. We’ve got to stop this dollar rise.” Cramer also gave his opinion about the rhetoric coming from Beijing, likening it to the Cold War-era paranoia of the 1960s and ’70s. He questioned whether a diplomatic breakthrough similar to Nixon’s historic visit to China is even possible under the current tone of U.S.-China relations: “But when I listen to the rhetoric from China, this is the 1968-72 rhetoric. It’s the kind of rhetoric that just says there’s never going to be a meeting. Is there a way to have a Nixon to China moment? Because as far as I’m concerned, this is just right now you’re on the verge of when I was a little boy and we kept thinking, when are they going to bomb us? I mean, that was the same rhetoric. When are they going to launch their nuclear weapons? I mean, that’s why we used to live in fear. That’s why we had cubbyholes. That’s why we used to put our heads in a cubbyhole, because the Chinese were going to bomb us if the Russians didn’t bomb us. This is the same sound.” To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 14th. For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A close-up of a large industrial compressor in the oil and gas industry. Number of Hedge Fund holders: 81 Jim Cramer discussed Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) in the context of its latest earnings report, highlighting both its strengths and potential challenges. While the bank reported a strong quarter driven by equities trading revenue, Cramer noted that activity in investment banking remains muted due to macro uncertainty. Here is his full analysis: “Well, we need the buyback. Now, they did buy back 7 million shares with a $610 basis. You’re obviously nowhere near that. What Goldman excels at is helping clients in a time of turmoil. And they did great there, but net interest income was good too. But when you take a look at investment banking, look, they’re just debt underwriting. They’re just not making a lot of money in debt underwriting. […] Overall, GS ranks 7th on our list of key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. While we acknowledge the potential of GS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. (Bloomberg) -- Gold edged toward the record high set on Monday, as the Trump administration pressed ahead with probes that could broaden the US’s sweeping trade war.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBullion rose to top $3,230 an ounc Here's what is still in effect after this week's 90-day pause on "reciprocal" tariffs. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the […] Speaking on the company’s earnings call, Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon said in part: “I would I would say the level of uncertainty is up significantly and it’s partially up because growth was slowing down before we got to the implementation of trade policy” and the implementation of trade policy reset the prospect of forward growth “pretty significantly all over the world.” Solomon added: “I would say that when you get outside of the U.S. and I listened to CEOs, I hear a greater sense of We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ServiceNow, Inc. (NYSE:NOW) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, […] (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. sold a combined $14 billion of US investment-grade bonds Tuesday, matching the day-earlier total from peers Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingWells Fargo is issuing $8 We recently published a list of 12 Best Renewable Energy Stocks to Buy in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where GE Vernova Inc. (NYSE:GEV) stands against other best renewable energy stocks to buy in 2025. Governments are focused on clean energy worldwide. In 2024, a record 30 GW […] Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
