Title: MCD Trades Above 200 & 50-Day SMAs_ Time to Buy or Hold the Stock
Date: 2025-04-15 13:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcd-trades-above-200-50-134500600.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's Corporation MCD is trading above its 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages (SMAs), signaling a bullish trend. On Monday, the stock’s closing price of $316.07 was above its 50-day moving average of $305.19 and the 200-day moving average of $288.64.Despite the market volatility and cautious sentiment due to macroeconomic uncertainty, including tariff concerns and potential recession risks, investors have been optimistic about McDonald's. The company has been gaining from internal efforts focused on its Accelerating the Arches plan, introducing menu items, offering better value deals and expanding its presence across the global markets.
 
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Over the past three months, MCD shares have gained 13% compared the Zacks Retail - Restaurants industry’s 0.6% rise. Over the same period, the stock has fared better than the broader Zacks Retail-Wholesale sector’s 6.9% dip and the S&P 500 index’s 9.3% decline.
 
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
The MCD stock has outperformed some industry players in the past three months, including Restaurant Brands International Inc. QSR, The Wendy's Company WEN and Chipotle Mexican Grill CMG. In the said time frame, shares of Restaurant Brands have gained 4.2%, while Wendy's and Chipotle have tumbled 12.6% and 14%, respectively.Can McDonald's recent performance signal a continued upward trajectory? Let us explore the key factors that can drive the stock's growth and strengthen investor confidence in the near term.
MCD is focused on expanding its global presence, aiming to enhance growth through the latest openings and upgrades to existing locations. This strategy supports the company’s continued performance despite challenging conditions. In 2024, McDonald's opened 2,116 restaurants, an increase from 2,067 in 2023. This growth reflects the company’s focus on expanding its global footprint through the Restaurant Development pillar of its Accelerating the Arches Strategy.Going forward, McDonald's aims to accelerate its pace of restaurant openings to meet growing demand across key markets. In 2025, the company plans to open 2,200 restaurants globally, contributing more than 4% to new unit growth, net of closures. It continues to build on its industry-leading development, targeting 50,000 restaurants by the end of 2027, marking the fastest growth phase in its history.
McDonald's continues to strengthen its brand by enhancing core menu offerings and improving customer experience. With a focus on value, variety and operational efficiency, the company is working to boost customer engagement and drive long-term growth. In January 2025, MCD launched the McValue platform in the United States, designed to provide customers with more flexible options and consistent value.MCD is enhancing its delivery services to provide greater convenience and improve the customer experience. With an emphasis on expanding delivery options and strengthening digital capabilities, the company is focused on creating seamless ways for customers to access its offerings.Over the past year, the delivery sales mix has doubled in Australia, Canada and the United States. McDonald's expects to increase the percentage of system-wide delivery sales originating from its mobile app to 30% by 2027.
McDonald's is leveraging its loyalty program and digital initiatives to drive customer retention and expand its base. By enhancing the customer experience across multiple channels, the company is creating more value for loyalty members and increasing engagement through innovative digital solutions.Since launching its loyalty program, MCD has seen significant growth, with more than 170 million 90-day active users. In 2024, sales to loyalty members reached $30 billion. With the continued rise in digital adoption, McDonald's is optimistic about the long-term success of its loyalty program. The company expects to expand its active user base to 250 million and achieve $45 billion in annual sales by 2027.
 
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Analysts are becoming more optimistic about MCD’s earnings outlook. Over the past 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for McDonald's 2025 EPS has increased from $12.23 to $12.25, implying a 4.5% year-over-year increase. The momentum is set to continue into 2026, with earnings anticipated to climb 8.2% year over year to $13.25 per share.
McDonald's is currently valued at a premium compared with its industry on a forward 12-month price-to-earnings basis. The company’s forward 12-month P/E ratio stands at 25.21X, slightly higher than the industry’s average of 25.12X. The premium valuation reflects the company’s consistent performance, strong position in key markets and earnings growth potential. Meanwhile, Restaurant Brands, Wendy's and Chipotle are trading at P/E ratios of 16.61X, 12.83X, and 36.81X, respectively.
 
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Given MCD's strong global expansion strategy, focus on menu innovation and digital initiatives, the company is well-positioned for continued growth. Restaurant openings, digital enhancements and the successful loyalty program show promising long-term prospects.However, the company is facing challenges with weaker comparable store sales growth, as global comps edged down 0.1% in 2024 against 9% growth in the prior year. Additionally, macroeconomic uncertainty and market volatility could weigh on short-term performance.Considering McDonald's Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), investors may want to stay cautious while monitoring the company's ability to capitalize on its growth opportunities in the coming quarters. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
The Wendy's Company (WEN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Restaurant Brands International Inc. (QSR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Morgan Stanley (MS) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
Chipotle's focus on customer experience, digital investment and supplier diversification should support a sustainable recovery over time.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks on the Move. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Snowflake Inc. (NYSE:SNOW) stands against other AI stocks on the move. Market uncertainty aside, the AI race is tighter than ever. A report by Stanford University’s Institute for Human-Centered AI (HAI) […]
Overseas visitor numbers fell by 11.6%, with European arrivals dropping sharply.  ✈️ The picture has darkened close enough to the quarterly “quiet period” that many travel-related companies have yet to quantify the impact, but airlines Delta and Frontier pulled financial guidance.
Yum (YUM) could produce exceptional returns because of its solid growth attributes.
(Reuters) -Caterpillar said on Tuesday that Chief Operating Officer Joe Creed would succeed Jim Umpleby as CEO, tapping an insider to help the construction equipment maker navigate the fallout of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs.  Umpleby, a veteran who has been with the company for more than four decades, held the top job for the last eight years and guided the firm through a demand and supply chain downturn brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.  Umpleby, who will transition to executive chairman, will hand over the reins on May 1 to 49-year-old Joseph Creed, a 28-year veteran with extensive leadership experience at Caterpillar.
McDonald's (MCD) concluded the recent trading session at $312.48, signifying a -1.14% move from its prior day's close.
Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Caterpillar (CAT). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.
UPS has selected Delta Airlines to maintain engines for its fleet of Boeing 757 freighters. The post UPS hires Delta Air Lines to maintain Boeing 757 engines appeared first on FreightWaves.
These 10 stocks performed the best over the past 10 years.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.