Title: Is Arcos Dorados Holdings (ARCO) Among the Top Restaurant Stocks to Buy Under $20_
Date: 2025-04-15 20:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/arcos-dorados-holdings-arco-among-200011245.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of Top 10 Restaurant Stocks to Buy Under $20. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ARCO) stands against other top restaurant stocks to buy under $20.
Restaurant stocks are showing volatility amid Trump’s tariff impositions across various sectors. On April 7, CNBC reported that while US stocks are tumbling due to the effects of high tariffs on the import of goods from key trading partners, analysts do not anticipate the tariffs to hit most restaurant stocks directly. However, inflation is expected to follow behind, fueled by expert and investor fear of an impending recession. This may put pressure on the spending capacity of consumers, resulting in an economic downturn.
CNBC reported that UBS analyst Dennis Geiger said the following in a note to clients:
“We view the direct cost impact of tariffs on restaurants as manageable, with a focus on select commodity costs, but see the bigger risk as incremental pressure on consumer spending and industry demand.”
CNBC also reported that investor concerns affected restaurant stocks across all sectors. Fast food restaurant chains have historically shown the most resilience during recessions, as consumers looking for cheap dining options typically level down from fast-casual or full-service diners and eateries to fast food options. However, the drop in consumer spending witnessed last year saw fast food restaurants hit hard, as low-income consumers cut their spending to this sector, visiting them less frequently. High-income consumers, on the other hand, continued with their usual dining habits, creating a gap that negatively affected fast food companies. Quick-service restaurants thus underwent same-store sales declines.
On March 8, Mario Carbone, Major Food Group chef and co-founder, appeared on CNBC’s ‘Power Lunch’ to discuss the effects of Trump’s tariffs on the food industry and how high-end consumers are behaving in the sector. Talking about New York, he said that the numbers are booming, going above their pre-Covid benchmarks. New York is thus telling us that everything is good, and there is no fear right now in dining in the luxury sector. Stats are up, and restaurants are packed, with consumer energy through the roof. As of right now, there are no signs of slowing at all if one evaluates the spending and trends in restaurant reports.
However, Carbone said that inflation hits the food and restaurant industry just like everyone else. The luxury food sector is responsible to the customer for bringing in the best ingredients for every meal, which is why it has no choice but to pass the effects on to the consumer in case such trends materialize.
We sifted through stock screeners, financial media reports, and ETFs to compile a list of 20 restaurant stocks under $20 as of April 13, 2025, and chose the top 10 most popular among hedge funds as of Q4 2024. The list is ordered in ascending order of hedge fund sentiment. We sourced the hedge fund sentiment data from Insider Monkey’s database.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A close-up of customers ordering from a McDonald's restaurant in Latin America.
Share Price: $7.22
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 21
Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ARCO) is a McDonald’s franchisee operating or franchising more than 2,140 McDonald’s-branded restaurants. Its operations are divided into four geographical categories: Brazil, the Carribean, the North Latin America division (NOLAD), and the South Latin America division (SLAD).
Analysts believe that Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc.’s (NYSE:ARCO) stock provides an attractive entry point. The company holds a competitive market edge due to its restaurant portfolio. More than half of its restaurants are free-standing units, which provide a mix of takeout, drive-thru, and delivery service options and boost restaurant sales.
On October 1, 2024, the company announced that it would exercise its option to renew its Master Franchise Agreement (MFA) with McDonald’s for another 20 years starting in 2025. This agreement has strengthened the company’s strategic footing, which stems from the geographic diversification of its solid restaurant base throughout Latin America.
On April 1, BTG Pactual initiated coverage of Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ARCO) with a Buy rating and a $10.50 price target. Analysts have bullish sentiments for the stock, and their median price target of $7.22 implies an upside of 45.43% from current levels.
Brennan Asset Management stated the following regarding Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ARCO) in its Q4 2024 investor letter:
“Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ARCO): Rough 2024…Shares Substantially Undervalued: ARCO produced solid operating results throughout 2024, but negative currency movements, including a near freefall in the Brazilian Real (over 20 percent decline), drove investors to dump ARCO shares. As we noted in our Q3 letter, ARCO announced that it renewed its master franchise agreement (MFA) with McDonald’s (MCD) at terms that were better than many anticipated. While we won’t rehash the entire ARCO thesis (see our 2023 Q2 and Q3 letters for more color), we continue to believe that ARCO is a unique asset (the license to operate essentially all MCD restaurants from Mexico south) that was turbocharged by COVID’s aftereffects. During and after COVID, a large percentage of restaurants closed and there was rapid adoption of drive-through and delivery sales. ARCO disproportionately benefited, given its larger share of free-standing stores. ARCO has a strong balance sheet (including substantial real-estate value), strong incremental returns on capital and a substantial growth opportunity. Brazil faces macro challenges, and further currency weakness is distinctly possible. That said, ARCO has a history of achieving same[1]store sale growth above inflation rates and Brazil has some of the highest delivery penetration rates and digital adaptation rates in all of LATAM. Furthermore, there is no reason for ARCO not to move its listing from New York to Sao Paulo and greatly neutralize the reporting impact from currency fluctuations. We strongly believe ARCO is mispriced at current levels.”
Overall, ARCO ranks 6th on our list of the top restaurant stocks to buy under $20. While we acknowledge the potential for ARCO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than ARCO but trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Merck and AbbVie are included in this Analyst Blog.
Is McDonald's strong growth strategy enough to overcome near-term challenges? Let us take a closer look.
McDonald's (MCD) concluded the recent trading session at $312.48, signifying a -1.14% move from its prior day's close.
Overseas visitor numbers fell by 11.6%, with European arrivals dropping sharply.  ✈️ The picture has darkened close enough to the quarterly “quiet period” that many travel-related companies have yet to quantify the impact, but airlines Delta and Frontier pulled financial guidance.
With the Trump administration embracing digital assets, finance leaders need to get educated on the potential risk and reward of cryptocurrencies and stablecoins.
New York AG Letitia James is suing the earned wage access companies for charging illegal, high-interest loans that would have wide-ranging implications for EWA providers. DailyPay last week filed a countersuit against James's office.
(Reuters) -Caterpillar said on Tuesday that Chief Operating Officer Joe Creed would succeed Jim Umpleby as CEO, tapping an insider to help the construction equipment maker navigate the fallout of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs.  Umpleby, a veteran who has been with the company for more than four decades, held the top job for the last eight years and guided the firm through a demand and supply chain downturn brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.  Umpleby, who will transition to executive chairman, will hand over the reins on May 1 to 49-year-old Joseph Creed, a 28-year veteran with extensive leadership experience at Caterpillar.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Gambling Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Gambling.com Group Limited (NASDAQ:GAMB) stands against other best gambling stocks to buy according to analysts. Gambling stocks include companies that own, run, or manage lawful gambling activities and […]
Venture Global LNG has begun commercial operations at its Calcasieu Pass plant in Louisiana, ending a more than a three-year commissioning process at the plant, the company said on Tuesday.  Just a startup five years ago, Venture Global is the country's second-largest LNG producer, helping the U.S. lead the world in LNG exports.  Commissioning, or making sure a new plant's systems are functioning as designed, takes months at many LNG facilities but the process dragged on at Calcasieu Pass due to several unforeseen circumstances.
UPS has selected Delta Airlines to maintain engines for its fleet of Boeing 757 freighters. The post UPS hires Delta Air Lines to maintain Boeing 757 engines appeared first on FreightWaves.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.