Title: Jim Cramer on Bank of America (BAC)_ “This Is Not 2007 – Don’t Panic Sell”
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 14-19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-bank-america-bac-141949981.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses.
In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer discussed the reasons behind the recent market turmoil. Cramer emphasized that markets haven’t yet priced in the full brunt of the policies that are coming out of the White House. With Peter Navarro’s anti-China agenda now setting the tone, Cramer warned that corporate earnings and valuations are being fundamentally redefined, and made a bold prediction at where the S&P 500 index could potentially find its bottom:
“I think that the way you want to look at it is what multiple do you put on the new earnings estimates for the S&P. And I think that the S&P people thought it would be 270 to 280; now it’s going to be 230. I think you have to put a worst case, 14 times, because markets have tended to bottom at 14 times earnings and that gives you a 36% downside from here. […] We’re still at 20, that’s the problem. You take it down to 14, where it’s historically bottom, you multiply it by 230, and you get S&P 3220, and that should be your bottom.”
READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Got These 10 Stocks All Wrong and Jim Cramer Nailed These 11 Stock Picks.
Cramer then painted a picture of the economic path ahead, noting that the current President’s stance is no longer about deal-making but about generating revenue. He warned viewers that without a change in course, the economy could be heading straight toward a recession:
“You’ve got this dichotomy. I mean, this is a man who’s not talking about negotiating. He’s talking about raising a lot of revenue. In the interim, we’ve got inflation because there’s bargaining, but everybody has to pay higher prices and ultimately a recession if there is not some sort of accommodation made.”
While discussing if the current environment is reminiscent of 2007, Cramer rejected the comparison, but acknowledged that capital is fleeing the US markets which might indicate a loss of confidence in American economic leadership:
“Look, there are signs that the U.S. has lost its supremacy. I want to take that off the table if we decide to change our view. See, let’s say I tell people, I think it’s time to really bail. It’s really dangerous. And then the market drops 50 percent. And then the president switches. Can I tell people, oh, now it’s fine, all clear? No, that does not work. It’s not 2007. And by the way, 2007, it took six years to get back. Eighteen months is the average of the last other five bear markets. Eighteen months. “
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 7th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors, as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A professional banker providing consultation to a customer in the security of his office.
Number of Hedge Fund holders: 113
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) is one of the largest U.S. financial institutions. Cramer noted the bank’s recent share price increase but cautioned against reactionary trading, reinforcing his stance that current market turmoil isn’t a replay of 2007. Here are his thoughts:
“I mean, like, Bank of America’s up. I mean, what am I supposed to tell people? To sell Bank of America two points ago when we started? What do you think people would say right now? They’d say, you know what? That guy is the big clown. It’s not 2007. That’s the only time you should have sold. It’s not.”
Overall, BAC ranks 1st on our list of stocks Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of BAC as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than BAC but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Popular Ramsey Solutions money expert George Kamel has been braced for tax season since post-election. While Kamel filmed his YouTube video on potential major tax changes last year, he admitted some...
The market is suffering under the weight of President Donald Trump's tariffs on trading partners, as investors try to understand how they'll affect companies.  One growth stock that's fallen hard this year is Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), which is down 20% year to date, as of this writing.  Here's why I think now could be a good time to buy Amazon stock.
It's been just over a year since Intuitive Machines (NASDAQ: LUNR) made history as the first private company to achieve a successful lunar landing.  Despite a strong growth outlook fueled by several high-profile contracts, shares of Intuitive Machines have cratered at the start of 2025, trading down 60% year to date at the time of this writing amid the broader stock market sell-off.  Intuitive Machines does not launch rockets itself but instead designs, builds, and operates spacecraft, such as its lunar landers.
If you’ve used Cash App or another mobile app such as Paypal or Venmo in the last tax year, some of your transactions could qualify as taxable income.
Bank of America (BAC) was a big mover last session on higher-than-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions might not help the stock continue moving higher in the near term.
Both C and WFC's progress with strategic initiatives to unlock growth looks encouraging. Read on to know which is a better investment option now.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
