Title: Buffett’s 2025 Wealth Gains Stand Out Amid Billionaire Wipeout
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-07 22-14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/buffett-2025-wealth-gains-stand-221440531.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- Among the world’s richest people, Warren Buffett is among the rare few whose personal fortunes have grown this year after President Donald Trump’s tariffs triggered a selloff that erased trillions of dollars of value from global equities.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Housing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC Headquarters
The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs
This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side
Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up
Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing
Buffett’s net worth has climbed $11.5 billion this year to $153.5 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. That’s despite a $14.5 billion decline since April 2, when the Omaha, Nebraska-based investor’s net worth reached its highest level in five years.
Buffett, 94, is now the world’s fourth-richest person and one of only two of the top 20 people on the list have added to their wealth this year. The other is L’Oreal SA heiress Francoise Bettencourt Meyers, who gained $1.8 billion and stands at No. 19 on Bloomberg’s ranking.
The world’s 500 richest people lost more than $500 billion in the two trading sessions that followed Trump’s announcement. Elon Musk, who remains the world’s richest person, lost $134.7 billion so far this year. His fortune fell to $297.8 billion on Monday, marking the first time his net worth has dropped below $300 billion since November.
Shares of Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. have dropped 8.8% since April 2, compared with the 10.7% drop for the S&P 500.
The conglomerate’s comparatively strong performance reflects how the property and casualty sector remain relatively insulated from global trade. It’s also likely that some investors anticipate that Buffett will jump on the rout to make a large purchase.
In recent quarters, he has shied away from major deals, instead slashing his stake in Apple Inc. and trimming his holding of Bank of America Corp., two firms whose shares have declined by double-digits since Trump’s announcement.
--With assistance from Jack Witzig.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
With Shake Shack in First Class, Airline Food Is No Longer a Joke
India’s Destination Weddings Fuel a New Tourist Economy
China Tells Kids to Study Manufacturing to Fill Factory Jobs
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
The planned American export controls on the chips — the most advanced AI processor legally available in China under U.S. export controls — had been in the works for months, NPR reported, citing two sources, and were ready to be implemented as soon as this week.  The change in plans came after Nvidia promised the Trump administration new U.S. investments in AI data centers, the NPR report said.  The White House and Nvidia did not immediately respond to Reuters' requests for comment.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Early retirement is different. Every retirement plan is based on a combination of goals, risks and personal budget. You want to build a portfolio for security, so you never need to worry about money again, while also generating the returns that you need to maintain your lifestyle. Often, this means restructuring your portfolio in retirement […] The post I’m 54 and Retiring Soon. How Should I Structure My $1.6 Million Portfolio? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
It might not be as much as you think.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
