Title: Signs of Wall Street stress pile up amid Trump tariff turmoil
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 16-08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/signs-of-wall-street-stress-pile-up-amid-trump-tariff-turmoil-160857268.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
The signs of stress on Wall Street have mounted amid the many uncertainties triggered by President Trump’s tariffs.
IPOs and mergers were put on the shelf. Leverage loan deals were shoved to the sidelines. Bond sales were paused.
The freeze-up of activity that followed Trump's "Liberation Day" announcement last week made for some nervous days on Wall Street as Trump’s tariffs stoked recession fears. Tuesday offered some hope of a reprieve as stocks rallied in the morning, but that rally had fizzled by the end of the trading day.
One concerning development is that there were no new offerings in the investment-grade and high-yield bond markets for three days, according to Reuters, as credit spreads widened due to concerns about the rising odds of a recession.
For companies with debt rolling over, the fear is that these higher borrowing rates could act as another pressure point and increase the future likelihood of defaults if the economy does take a turn downward.
Some banks also pressed pause on buyout financings due to fears that they might not be able to syndicate the loans, according to Bloomberg. There have also been struggles to refinance junk debt and private credit loans for certain clients, Bloomberg reported.
Another freeze on Wall Street came from big clients who put IPO plans on ice due to concerns about how such a move might be greeted by investors.
StubHub and Klarna (KLAR.PVT) decided to postpone their IPO roadshows, while another fintech company called Chime (CHIM.PVT) delayed its plans to go public, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Trading platform eToro Group Ltd. (ETTO.PVT) also paused its planned listing, along with MNTN Inc. and insurer Ategrity Specialty Holdings, according to Bloomberg. Some M&A deals are also on hold, according to Bloomberg.
"Investors and founders want to see stability," Columbia professor Angela Lee told Yahoo Finance on Monday. "We are at an incredibly unstable place."
Big bank CEOs were concerned enough about the chaos of this week to get on a call Sunday night, according to Sky News and Bloomberg. Sky News reported that the participants included Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan and bosses from Citigroup, Barclays, and HSBC.
The turmoil heightens the stakes for the big Wall Street institutions as they prepare to report first quarter earnings in the coming days.
For the first three months of the year, analysts expect big bank profits to be down compared to the year-ago period at JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), Goldman Sachs (GS), and Wells Fargo (WFC), according to consensus estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Citigroup (C) and Morgan Stanley (MS) are both expected to be up.
“My view is earnings — I hate to say they don't matter, but right now, we are in a macro market,” Devin Ryan, a financial analyst for Citizens Financial Group, told Yahoo Finance on Tuesday.
"What happens with tariffs, and really the ultimate economy, is what's going to drive sentiment in these stocks," Ryan added.
Executives may not be able to answer many of the questions investors want to know, according to KBW bank analyst Chris McGratty.
"A lot of the questions are going to be unanswerable because those questions, unfortunately, are not in control of these management teams. They're in control of D.C.," McGratty told Yahoo Finance.
Even before Trump announced his full slate of tariffs, there were already signs of a slowdown on Wall Street. Through February and March, US institutional loan issuance fell. So did US IPO and M&A activity, according to data from Apollo’s chief economist Torsten Slok. (Disclosure: Yahoo Finance is owned by Apollo Global Management.)
Morgan Stanley analysts this week lowered their expectations for large and mid-cap bank earnings this year, downgrading their view of these groups from "attractive" to "in-line."
They wrote that slower growth and increased uncertainty will "push out the nascent capital markets rebound, incrementally slow loan growth, and drive net charge offs across consumer and commercial loans."
David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Michael Kantrowitz, Piper Sandler's chief investment officer, said more companies are likely to revise their guidance amid tariff uncertainty or even pull it altogether.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins said on Tuesday that new deals could be struck with other countries over trade tariffs by the end of this week.  Rollins made the comments in an interview to Fox News host Bret Baier on the network's "Special Report" show.  President Donald Trump said last week that he would impose a 10% baseline tariff on all imports to the U.S. and higher duties on dozens of other countries, including some of Washington's biggest trading partners, rattling global markets and bewildering U.S. allies.
Uncertainty surrounding President Donald Trump’s tariffs caused Walmart (WMT) to scrap its first-quarter operating income guidance Wednesday.
CHICAGO (Reuters) -Oil prices surged from a four-year low on Wednesday and gold rallied in a broad-based commodities and equity market rebound after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower recently enacted tariffs on dozens of countries while further increasing duties on China.  U.S. natural gas prices jumped 10% and copper gained nearly 3% after earlier touching an eight-month low as the tariff pause eased market worries that Trump's steep duties, announced last week, could trigger a recession.  Agricultural commodities also climbed, led by soybeans, although gains were more measured as U.S. trade with top farm goods importer China remained a concern.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -In the minutes before President Donald Trump's social media post on Wednesday pausing tariffs sent the U.S. stock market rallying, some unidentified options traders placed bets worth millions of dollars that the market would rebound, data shows.  Now, some Democratic lawmakers are calling for investigations into whether Trump's policy reversal led to any market manipulation or insider trading.  Betting on short-term market swings is common and the trades in question could easily have been placed without any prior knowledge of the coming news as traders speculate on a market bounce or hedge against one every day.
An emerging theory for the Treasury tumult of the past few days: The unwind of what is known on Wall Street as the SLR trade, a bet that the Trump administration will loosen bank capital rules to boost the economy.  What is the SLR trade?  This trade is essentially a bet that looser capital requirements will boost demand for Treasury bonds, via a change to the SLR, the Supplementary Leverage Ratio.
(Bloomberg) -- Chinese stocks climbed for a second day, bucking a worldwide selloff, amid growing speculation that authorities will roll out stimulus to shield the economy from Donald Trump‘s tariffs.A closely watched gauge of Chinese stocks in Hong Kong ended 1.4% higher after sliding more than 4% earlier. The onshore CSI 300 Index closed up 1%.The moves came as investors shifted their attention to the likely response of Chinese authorities after US tariffs as high as 104% took effect Wednesday
A sharp rise in Treasury yields over the past few days has alarmed many analysts and investors much more than the recent drop in stocks.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
