Title: Alphabet Can’t Shake Off AI Concerns Even With Low Multiple
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 13-33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-t-shake-off-ai-105237667.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- Persistent concerns that Alphabet Inc. has fallen behind in the artificial intelligence supremacy race has weighed on the stock this year, and not even the cheapest earnings multiple in about two years, or limited risk from tariffs, has been enough to entice investors.
Widely seen as one of the major players in AI, Google’s parent company nevertheless continues to be dogged by the perception that it could lose market share to rivals like ChatGPT. Though it retains a dominant share of Internet search, any loss could put additional pressure on the stock, especially as the company spends aggressively on AI.
“It is hard when you have such high market share, because you have nowhere to go but down,” said Kevin Walkush, a portfolio manager at Jensen Investment Management. “We don’t think it will lose its dominance in search, and we think the market is overplaying this concern, but it is still being perceived as an existential risk.”
Despite a 9.7% climb Wednesday as markets surged on President Donald Trump’s tariff pause, the company’s shares have dropped almost 18% this year, underperforming other AI stocks like Microsoft Corp. and Meta Platforms Inc., as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index. Shares fell 1.3% on Thursday.
Reassuring investors about the prospects for search will be critical for the stock to keep rebounding, while the high cost of building out AI models and infrastructure underscores the need for those investments to translate to improved growth. Alphabet in February announced $75 billion in 2025 capital expenditures, more than had been expected, and it affirmed those plans on Wednesday.
According to the latest Statista data from January, Alphabet has about 89.6% of worldwide market share for search engines. That compares with 92.9% share in January 2023, around the time ChatGPT began to take the tech world by storm.
To Ben Reitzes, an analyst at Melius Research, that modest erosion could be a sign of things to come.
“Search is about to come under siege, but it is yet to be fully reflected in Street estimates,” he wrote in a recent report. “Alphabet’s multiple may stay under pressure as data starts to accumulate.” He said he sees a particular risk that younger users are gravitating toward services like OpenAI’s ChatGPT.
Alphabet’s most recent earnings results showed search advertising revenue that was slightly better than expected. However, the stock sold off as sales in its cloud unit — another business heavily tethered to AI demand — disappointed. The company is expected to get more than 56% of its total revenue from Google Search & Other advertising this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Google Cloud is expected to account for about 14% of revenue.
The stock still has several marks in its favor. Revenue is expected to grow about 16% this year, while net earnings are expected to grow at a double-digit pace each year through 2027, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Furthermore, despite an uncertain economic backdrop, the consensus estimate for Alphabet’s 2025 revenue has risen over the past month.
The company’s ad-focused business is seen as relatively insulated from tariff risk, especially compared to hardware companies like Apple Inc. While advertising tends to be largely correlated with economic growth, online advertising is seen as more durable than platforms like linear TV.
In addition, the selloff has made Alphabet the cheapest Magnificent Seven company. The stock trades at less than 17 times estimated earnings, near its lowest since early 2023, and well below its long-term average. It also trades at a discount to the S&P 500 Index.
“This represents significant value,” Walkush said. “If the market was appropriately identifying the durability and consistency of its growth and free cash flow generation, the multiple would be quite a bit higher.”
Wall Street remains largely positive. Roughly 80% of the analysts tracked by Bloomberg recommend buying the stock, and shares trade 34% below the average price target.
Beyond Google Search, several of Alphabet’s businesses are seen as underappreciated. Earlier this year, Needham calculated that YouTube would be valued at $666 billion if separately traded, while D.A. Davidson wrote that a company comprised of Alphabet’s DeepMind AI lab and its Tensor Processing Units chips could be worth as much as $700 billion. Alphabet’s AI drug unit recently raised $600 million, and its self-driving unit Waymo was valued at more than $45 billion in October.
“Alphabet remains something of a show-me story when it comes to AI search, but it has all the assets it needs to win, and we expect search to grow overall, so Alphabet will be fine even if it has a smaller share of a larger market,” said Divyaunsh Divatia, research analyst at Janus Henderson Investors.
“We want to see more adoption of Gemini and its other AI products, but think of everything you get with the stock: not only search and cloud, which are growing, but also the biggest media company in the world with YouTube, and Waymo, which is potentially significant. To get all that for cheaper than the S&P 500 is a real value.”
Tech Chart of the Day
Apple shares soared 15% on Wednesday, their biggest one-day percentage jump since January 1998 after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on some tariffs, though he also raised duties on China. The surge added nearly $400 billion to the company’s market capitalization. The iPhone maker has been at the center of tariff-related uncertainty, and it is coming off a four-day collapse of 23%, its biggest such drop since October 2000.
Top Tech Stories
A pause on the most punishing US tariffs in a century hands Nintendo Co. valuable time to prepare the momentous launch of its new console and lifts pricing pressure. For now.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.’s quarterly revenue rose a larger-than-anticipated 42%, reflecting strengthening demand for AI servers and smartphones before US tariffs kicked in.
Ziroh Labs, an artificial intelligence startup operating in India, collaborated with researchers at the country’s premier technology school to design an affordable system that it says can run large AI models without requiring advanced computing chips from the likes of Nvidia Corp.
It’s possible for Apple Inc. to move iPhone production to America, but it would almost double the cost of making the device while creating logistical headaches, according to Bank of America.
Earnings Due Thursday
No major earnings expected
--With assistance from Subrat Patnaik.
(Updates to market open.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
The Invesco QQQ Trust tumbled Thursday after surging 12% yesterday following President Trump's announcement of a 90-day pause on many tariffs. Monitor these crucial chart levels.
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon would prefer to “kill meetings,” but if they need to happen, you must be prepared, transparent, and avoid getting distracted by emails or text messages. Experts say his stark words are even more important now as leaders issue return-to-office mandates.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing, known as TSMC, reported a 42% rise in its first-quarter sales. However, a tariff threat hangs over the stock.
Finding stocks expected to beat quarterly earnings estimates becomes an easier task with our Zacks Earnings ESP.
The grant will be distributed in three $1m tranches, with the first payment scheduled for 1 May 2025.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Fall Behind Amid Market Optimism. In this article, we are going to take a look at where 60 Degrees Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:SXTP) stands against other stocks that fall behind amid market optimism. Wall Street’s main indices rebounded from hefty losses on Wednesday after President Donald Trump announced […]
Groupon (GRPN) reported earnings 30 days ago. What's next for the stock? We take a look at earnings estimates for some clues.
Nintendo (NTDOY) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions may not translate into further price increase in the near term.
We recently published a list of Aggressive Stock Portfolio: 12 Stocks Picked by Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:BKNG) stands against other aggressive stocks picked by hedge funds. The broader market has dropped into correction territory, declining by over 10% from its peak […]
Nintendo (NTDOY) has chosen to postpone the launch of its Switch 2 gaming console in China amid the regulatory environment of tight controls targeting the gaming industry, Nikkei Asia’s Itsuro Fujino and Kanoko Sakamoto report, citing sources. The company expects to release the device in Japan, Europe and other regions on June 5, but Mainland China is not included among the initial markets. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
