Title: Pfizer Halts Obesity-Drug Development. What It Means for Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk.
Date: 2025-04-14 15:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/a8dc6bd6-8da6-3a2a-a9bf-f5b52ce3449a/pfizer-halts-obesity-drug.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The drugmaker said one patient became ill after being treated with its experimental weight-loss drug, danuglipron.
Find insight on Ashmore, Goldman Sachs and more in the latest Market Talks covering Financial Services.
Pfizer  is halting development of its experimental weight-loss pill, as the booming obesity drug market remains out of reach for the drug giant.  The company said Monday the stoppage comes after it reviewed clinical data and a study subject developed a liver injury that might have been caused by the drug, called danuglipron.  Halting the drug’s development means  Pfizer  still is unable to get a cut, for now, of the white-hot obesity market, which analysts say could reach $100 billion by the end of the decade.
Pfizer Inc. will stop developing an obesity pill after the treatment was linked to a potentially drug-related liver injury in a clinical trial patient. The company won't advance the once-daily medicine into the final stage of testing and will instead invest in earlier-stage treatments for obesity. Damian Garde reports on Bloomberg Television.
LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton reported a drop in first-quarter sales, as mounting trade tensions and faltering Chinese demand weighed on the world’s largest luxury group.  LVMH’s fashion and leather goods division—home to Louis Vuitton and Dior, and which accounts for nearly half of group sales—posted a 5% decline over the first three months of the year, missing analyst expectations of a 1% decline.  Total group revenues fell to 20.3 billion euros, a 3% slide the company largely blamed on a fall in spending by Chinese consumers.
Pfizer (PFE) announced Monday that it is ending development of its daily weight-loss pill following a liver injury to a patient participating in a trial.
It could change social media as we know it.
Pfizer said it will stop development of an oral weight-loss pill after a participant taking the drug in a clinical trial experienced a "liver injury."
Pfizer still has another obesity pill in development, PF-07976016, which is currently in a Phase IIa trial.
Pfizer bows, but is not entirely out of the GLP-1 race.
When a Chinese pork producer filed for bankruptcy in 2019, the news came as a jolt to Alan Hill.  The retired Apple executive from Albuquerque had invested about $100,000 last decade in Dalian Chuming Meat Processing through a U.S.-listed holding company, Energroup Holdings.  Chuming had not paid dividends for many years, but it supplied pork to Walmart and had been profitable at least as recently as 2016.