Title: Is Chevron Corporation (CVX) the Best Undervalued Energy Stock to Invest in Now_
Date: 2025-04-15 12:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-corporation-cvx-best-undervalued-122559022.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of the11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other undervalued energy stocks.
On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ to discuss his outlook on the energy sector. He believes that natural gas is positioned to lead growth in the future within the energy sector. This natural gas demand is driven by electricity and energy exports. Thummel noted that the energy and tech sectors are converging due to advancements like AI and data centers. Electricity demand fuels natural gas consumption, while US energy exports help meet global needs for low-cost and low-carbon energy. He also highlighted that the US is now emerging as the largest exporter of LNG, even though it was an LNG importer just years ago. He anticipates that the US LNG exports will soon 2x in volume over time. Thummel also expects Europe and other countries to prioritize energy security and diversify their supply sources. This will ensure reliance on US energy exports.
Thummel emphasized a focus on energy infrastructure companies while discussing his specific investment strategies as they tend to be stable and have high dividend yields even in uncertain market conditions. He thinks that the certainty provided by energy infrastructure investments in an otherwise volatile market should not be neglected. Such companies generate substantial annual cash flows while maintaining disciplined financial practices.
Thummel thinks that the energy sector trades at a discount to historical valuations despite its fundamentals. This offers the potential for high returns.
We used the Finviz stock screener to compile a list of the top energy stocks that had a forward P/E ratio under 15 as of April 10. We then selected the 11 stocks that were the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 1000 elite money managers.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
An aerial view of an oil rig at sea, the sun glinting off its structure.
Forward P/E Ratio as of April 10: 12.92
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) engages in integrated energy and chemicals operations and operates in the Upstream and Downstream segments. The Upstream segment explores, develops, and produces crude oil and natural gas. The Downstream segment refines crude oil into petroleum products, markets crude oil, refined products, & lubricants, and manufactures & markets renewable fuels.
In 2024, the company’s Permian Basin operations exceeded expectations with production growth of about 18% compared to the year-ago period, which was another record for Permian production. Over the past 5 years, the company has delivered a CAGR of 16% in the Permian, which has been achieved through optimized pad and drilling designs, as well as completion improvements such as triple frac techniques.
This allows the company to reach these production levels with 40% fewer company-operated rigs than previously planned. Chevron Corp. (NYSE:CVX) now expects Permian production to reach one million barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2025. The Permian portfolio delivers superior returns due to royalty-advantaged acreage across all sub-basins, which contributes to both the top and bottom lines.
Overall, CVXranks 3rdon our list of the best undervalued energy stocks to invest in now. While we acknowledge the growth potential of CVX, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CVX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
Oil prices have tumbled this year.  Lower crude prices will impact oil company cash flows.  Three oil companies that can still thrive in the current environment are Devon Energy (NYSE: DVN), ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP), and Chevron (NYSE: CVX).
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.