Title: UnitedHealth shareholders withdraw effort to force transparency on coverage denials
Date: 2025-04-07 09:13
URL: https://www.healthcaredive.com/news/unitedhealth-shareholders-withdraw-proposal-healthcare-delays-denials/744582/?.tsrc=rss

   
                
                    
                        Let Healthcare Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
              The faith-based shareholders’ proposal was challenged by UnitedHealth twice, thanks to a recent SEC guidance change the shareholders slammed as unfair. The proposal announced in January would have required UnitedHealth to publish a report on how its business practices like prior authorization could be restricting access to healthcare, worsening medical outcomes, harming public health and potentially creating long-term economic risks by increasing consumer debt and reducing workforce productivity. Company shareholders were set to weigh in on the plan until UnitedHealth submitted a “no-action” request to the SEC in January which, if approved, would have allowed the company to stop it from coming to a vote. Less than two weeks later, the SEC issued new guidance in a mid-season legal bulletin, a move that created a loophole allowing UnitedHealth to subsequently file a second no-action request, according to the shareholders. “Applying new guidance to previously submitted proposals in this manner unfairly penalizes investors who have followed the SEC’s guidance in good faith,” said Timnit Ghermay, a representative of the Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary, a Quebec-based group that led the filing. Ghermay added that the bulletin and UnitedHealth’s challenges “disenfranchise investors of their rights to put forward questions of material risk to their fellow shareholders.” UnitedHealth is a massive healthcare conglomerate that operates the largest private insurer in the U.S., called UnitedHealthcare, along with a major physician network and pharmacy benefit manager. The company has faced intense criticism, including from lawmakers, antitrust regulators and patients, for its market dominance in numerous facets of the healthcare industry and alleged profiteering, including by using algorithms to improperly deny care for seniors. This simmering discontent boiled over late last year with the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, an event that appears to have been motivated by anger over insurers’ policies that prevent necessary medical care. Though the crime was widely condemned by stakeholders in the healthcare industry, it was celebrated in certain corners of social media. The shooting and its aftershocks have sparked a reckoning for health insurers, many of which — including UnitedHealthcare — have since announced reform meant to make their plans more consumer-friendly. Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts The Biden administration is attempting to push through a slew of reforms to the controversial MA program in its final months in power, though it will need the Trump administration’s buy-in to get them across the finish line. Kennedy’s views on vaccines in particular are causing alarm among some physicians and investors. Subscribe to Healthcare Dive for top news, trends & analysis Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts The Biden administration is attempting to push through a slew of reforms to the controversial MA program in its final months in power, though it will need the Trump administration’s buy-in to get them across the finish line. Kennedy’s views on vaccines in particular are causing alarm among some physicians and investors. The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines