Title: UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Is a Trending Stock: Facts to Know Before Betting on It
Date: 2025-05-08 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unitedhealth-group-incorporated-unh-trending-130013318.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
UnitedHealth Group (UNH) is one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com visitors lately. So, it might be a good idea to review some of the factors that might affect the near-term performance of the stock.
Over the past month, shares of this largest U.S. health insurer have returned -32.4%, compared to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +11.3% change. During this period, the Zacks Medical - HMOs industry, which UnitedHealth falls in, has lost 18.1%. The key question now is: What could be the stock's future direction?
Although media reports or rumors about a significant change in a company's business prospects usually cause its stock to trend and lead to an immediate price change, there are always certain fundamental factors that ultimately drive the buy-and-hold decision.
Here at Zacks, we prioritize appraising the change in the projection of a company's future earnings over anything else. That's because we believe the present value of its future stream of earnings is what determines the fair value for its stock.
Our analysis is essentially based on how sell-side analysts covering the stock are revising their earnings estimates to take the latest business trends into account. When earnings estimates for a company go up, the fair value for its stock goes up as well. And when a stock's fair value is higher than its current market price, investors tend to buy the stock, resulting in its price moving upward. Because of this, empirical studies indicate a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and short-term stock price movements.
UnitedHealth is expected to post earnings of $6.28 per share for the current quarter, representing a year-over-year change of -7.7%. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate has changed -16.8%.
The consensus earnings estimate of $26.36 for the current fiscal year indicates a year-over-year change of -4.7%. This estimate has changed -12.2% over the last 30 days.
For the next fiscal year, the consensus earnings estimate of $30.14 indicates a change of +14.4% from what UnitedHealth is expected to report a year ago. Over the past month, the estimate has changed -9.9%.
With an impressive externally audited track record, our proprietary stock rating tool -- the Zacks Rank -- is a more conclusive indicator of a stock's near-term price performance, as it effectively harnesses the power of earnings estimate revisions. The size of the recent change in the consensus estimate, along with three other factors related to earnings estimates, has resulted in a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) for UnitedHealth.
The chart below shows the evolution of the company's forward 12-month consensus EPS estimate:
Even though a company's earnings growth is arguably the best indicator of its financial health, nothing much happens if it cannot raise its revenues. It's almost impossible for a company to grow its earnings without growing its revenue for long periods. Therefore, knowing a company's potential revenue growth is crucial.
For UnitedHealth, the consensus sales estimate for the current quarter of $112.31 billion indicates a year-over-year change of +13.6%. For the current and next fiscal years, $452.5 billion and $486.64 billion estimates indicate +13.1% and +7.5% changes, respectively.
UnitedHealth reported revenues of $109.58 billion in the last reported quarter, representing a year-over-year change of +9.8%. EPS of $7.20 for the same period compares with $6.91 a year ago.
Compared to the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $111.13 billion, the reported revenues represent a surprise of -1.4%. The EPS surprise was -0.96%.
Over the last four quarters, UnitedHealth surpassed consensus EPS estimates three times. The company topped consensus revenue estimates two times over this period.
Without considering a stock's valuation, no investment decision can be efficient. In predicting a stock's future price performance, it's crucial to determine whether its current price correctly reflects the intrinsic value of the underlying business and the company's growth prospects.
While comparing the current values of a company's valuation multiples, such as price-to-earnings (P/E), price-to-sales (P/S) and price-to-cash flow (P/CF), with its own historical values helps determine whether its stock is fairly valued, overvalued, or undervalued, comparing the company relative to its peers on these parameters gives a good sense of the reasonability of the stock's price.
The Zacks Value Style Score (part of the Zacks Style Scores system), which pays close attention to both traditional and unconventional valuation metrics to grade stocks from A to F (an An is better than a B; a B is better than a C; and so on), is pretty helpful in identifying whether a stock is overvalued, rightly valued, or temporarily undervalued.
UnitedHealth is graded B on this front, indicating that it is trading at a discount to its peers. Click here to see the values of some of the valuation metrics that have driven this grade.
The facts discussed here and much other information on Zacks.com might help determine whether or not it's worthwhile paying attention to the market buzz about UnitedHealth. However, its Zacks Rank #4 does suggest that it may underperform the broader market in the near term.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Despite trade policy challenges, Abbott's global footprint and 90 manufacturing sites offer flexibility to manage regional risks and reroute supply chains.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of […]
The lawsuit, which seeks class action status, alleges that UnitedHealth and its executives didn’t properly warn investors about how the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson would affect its business.
Buying a quality dividend stock near a multiyear low can be a great move, especially if you're willing to be patient and hang on for the long term.  PepsiCo (NASDAQ: PEP), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH), and United Parcel Service (NYSE: UPS) are all down more than 15% in the past 12 months and are trading near multiyear lows.  Beverage and snack company PepsiCo has experienced a 25% decline in value over the past 12 months.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -UnitedHealth Group was sued on Wednesday for allegedly concealing how backlash from the killing of a top executive was damaging its business, causing its stock to nosedive after the insurer lowered its 2025 outlook.  In a proposed class action filed in Manhattan federal court, shareholders said the insurer defrauded them after the December 4 shooting of UnitedHealthcare Chief Executive Brian Thompson by shifting away from strategies that led to higher-than-average claims denials, without revealing the impact on profitability.  UnitedHealth shares fell 22.4% on April 17, wiping out about $119 billion of market value, after the insurer cut its 2025 forecast for adjusted profit per share to between $26 and $26.50 from between $29.50 and $30.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.