Title: Jim Cramer on UnitedHealth Group Inc. (UNH): We’ve Never Seen Anything Like This Collapse
Date: 2025-04-30 15:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-unitedhealth-group-inc-150243493.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Talks About Elon Musk & Discusses These 11 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed.
In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented that he believed that Elon Musk’s Department of Government Efficiency, or DOGE, would target wasteful government spending. Musk, during the latest earnings call of his car company, shared that he would soon step back from DOGE and return to managing his businesses. The news sent the shares of his firm soaring by 10% since the report, and media reports since then have also pointed towards disagreements between him and Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent.
“I’m beginning to think that, I thought Medicaid would be immune, look, do I want it to be immune? I don’t want anything to be immune. I kept hoping that DOGE would go after where the real money is, uh, Medicaid, that could hurt a bunch of companies. Medicaid, David, is bedrock.”
He also mentioned that businesses continued to face uncertainty when it came to the impact of tariffs. Recalling a recent conversation, Cramer outlined: “I was talking to someone today, he said look, we do business in China. How do you think we’ll do with the tariff, the 200% tariffs? I said no, that’s an embargo, that’s not a tariff. You don’t understand. . .that’s not meant to be used.”
The CNBC host also highlighted that perhaps markets opened in the green that day because “the President said nothing nasty. He’s not been vicious. He’s not called names.”
Cramer also commented on Vice President Vance’s visit to India and wondered whether the US could increase its coal exports to the country as part of the President’s bid to reduce the trade deficit. “I know India needs coal. We got coal,” said Cramer. “We are the Saudi Arabia of coal. And not anthracite cause that’s a little too dirty,” he added.
One sector that entered 2025 with high hopes but has faltered since then is data center. Data centers form the backbone of AI computing, and the stocks have struggled ever since the DeepSeek selloff in January. According to Cramer:
“Oh my god the data center, oh, remember when the data center was this growth industry where everything . . .woah, Amazon Web Services, actually not really. Microsoft, not really. But it doesn’t matter. The data center is now kryptonite, it’s like look out this thing, no, you don’t wanna be in here.”
When asked what would it take for investors to realize that data centers are still a growth industry, here’s what he said:
“You have to see the CapEx numbers and realize the CapEx numbers have not declined. And think that’s what’s gonna happen because I still think that there’s a tremendous, tremendous opportunity to be the number one search.”
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 22nd.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A senior healthcare professional giving advice to a patient in a clinic.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 150
UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) is a mega American healthcare benefits manager whose shares have been the talk of the town lately. The stock dipped by a whopping 22% in April after the firm’s earnings missed analyst estimates for the first time since 2008. To make matters worse, UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) also cut its full-year profit guidance and the new metric also missed analyst estimates. Here’s what Cramer said:
“By the way, they’re still downgrading UNH. They’re still downgrading UNH. . .you know it was a 12% cut. And, everybody says the same thing. We’ve never seen anything like this from UNH. Because UNH’s so perfect, I mean it’s a Dow stock, it’s actually up today. That’s interesting.”
Overall, UNH ranks 4th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of UNH as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than UNH but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Analysts are Talking About Amid Trump’s Tariff War. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks analysts are talking about amid Trump’s tariff war. Markets saw some glimmer of hope as President Donald Trump indicated […]
We recently published a list of 10 Jim Cramer Stocks to Watch Amid Trump Tariff Wars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corp (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. Jim Cramer in a latest program on CNBC talked about the latest signs of de-escalation in […]
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
One type of business loan is more affordable but the other can be more convenient.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio