Title: 5 High-Flying Large-Cap Stocks to Buy Amid Tariff-Led Market Rout
Date: 2025-04-09 12:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/5-high-flying-large-cap-120900994.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. U.S. stock markets have been witnessing extreme volatility and one of the worst-performing phases in the last four trading sessions. The Dow fell more than 4,500 points during this period. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite plunged 13% in the last four days. The tech-laden index entered bear market territory, sliding more than 20% from its recent high. The S&P 500 fell more than 12% in the last four days and is currently in correction zone. Moreover, Wall Street’s broad-market index has tumbled almost 19% from its recent peak and is approaching a bear market. On April 8, the benchmark closed below an important technical barrier of 5,000, for the first time since April 2024. Despite extreme volatility, a handful of large-cap (market capital > $10 billion) have provided positive returns (4% or higher) in the past month, while the S&P 500 has plunged 10%. At this juncture, investment in these stocks with a favorable Zacks Rank should be prudent.  Five such stocks are Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. SFM, UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, Sportradar Group AG SRAD, GameStop Corp. GME and Insulet Corp. PODD. Wall Street routed last week following the imposition of the Trump administration’s “Liberation Day” tariffs. The baseline tariff of 10% was imposed on all imports from April 5. But the important thing is that tariff rates go up to as high as 104% for some countries (such as China) depending on what rate these governments levy duties on U.S. exports. China retaliated with 34% tariffs on all U.S.-made products to be imposed from April 10. Canada has decided to levy 25% duties on all U.S.-made vehicles that are not compliant with the USMCA Agreement. This seems to be the beginning of a global trade war. Economists and financial experts are highly concerned about the impact of these tariffs on U.S. economic growth, especially on inflation, which is already elevated and prolonged. Market participants fear a near-term recession and, in the worst-case scenario, a stagflation in the U.S. economy. These five large-cap stocks have strong growth potential for revenues and earnings for 2025. These stocks have seen positive earnings estimate revisions in the last 30 days. Each of our picks currently carries a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. The chart below shows the price performance of our five picks in the past month. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Zacks Rank #1 Sprouts Farmers’ focus on product innovation, emphasis on e-commerce, expansion of private label offerings and targeted marketing with everyday great pricing bodes well. SFM has been lowering operational complexity, optimizing production, improving in-stock position and updating to smaller-format stores. These efforts helped SFM post better-than-expected fourth-quarter 2024 results, wherein both the top and the bottom lines grew year over year. Buoyed by the performance, Sprouts Farmers provided a decent 2025 view. SFM expects net sales to rise between 10.5% and 12.5% with comps anticipated to increase in the range of 4.5-6.5%. SFM’s strong sales growth, margin expansion and disciplined financial management position it as a compelling investment opportunity. Sprouts Farmers has an expected revenue and earnings growth rate of 11.9% and 24.3%, respectively, for the current year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has improved 1.1% over the last 30 days. Zacks Rank #2 UnitedHealth Group’s top line remains poised for growth on the back of a strong market position, new deals, renewed agreements and expansion of service offerings. UNH’s solid health services segment provides diversification benefits. The Government business remains well-poised for growth in the future. UNH’s adjusted net earnings per share are anticipated to be in the $29.50-$30 band in 2025. A sturdy balance sheet enables UNH’s investments and prudent deployment of capital via buybacks and dividend payments. UnitedHealth Group has an expected revenue and earnings growth rate of 12.7% and 7.5%, respectively, for the current year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has improved 0.3% over the last 30 days. Zacks Rank #2 Sportradar Group provides sports data services for the sports betting and media industries in the United Kingdom, the United States, Malta, Switzerland, and internationally. SRAD offers sports data services to bookmakers under the Betradar brand, and to the international media industry under the Sportradar Media Services brand name. SRAD offers mission-critical software, data, and content to sports leagues and federations, betting operators, and media companies. SRAD also provides sports entertainment, gaming, and sports solutions, as well as live streaming solutions for online, mobile, and retail sports betting. In addition, SRAD’s software solutions address the entire sports betting value chain from traffic generation and advertising technology to the collection, processing, and extrapolation of data and odds, as well as to visualization solutions, risk management and platform services. Sportradar Group has an expected revenue and earnings growth rate of 16.8% and more than 100%, respectively, for the current year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has improved 10.3% over the last 30 days. Zacks Rank #1 GameStop has been progressing well in its growth endeavors while maintaining a solid balance sheet. It has been taking initiatives to diversify its business and become a more technology-driven firm. GME has also been pursuing opportunities in cryptocurrency, non-fungible tokens and Web 3.0 gaming verticals. This reduction in operational costs reflects GME’s commitment to improving efficiency and streamlining business operations. Moreover, GME improved its debt position by reducing its net long-term debt to $6.6 million at the end of 2024 from $17.7 million at the end of 2023. GameStop has an expected revenue and earnings growth rate of -11.1% and 42.4%, respectively, for the current year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has improved more than 100% over the last 30 days. Zacks Rank #2 Insulet is solidifying its market leadership through a series of product innovations such as Omnipod Discover. The integration of PODD’s Omnipod 5 with Abbott’s FreeStyle Libre 2 Plus and the latest type 2 label expansion for Omnipod 5 are expected to attract more new customers. Internationally, PODD is capitalizing on the robust opportunities for Omnipod 5 to drive share gains across all the markets it enters. Meanwhile, Omnipod 5 is set to become the primary offering for the largely underpenetrated Type 2 diabetes market, which provides a significant growth opportunity for PODD. Additionally, sound financial stability bodes well. Insulet has an expected revenue and earnings growth rate of 18.1% and 32.4%, respectively, for the current year. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has improved 9.4% over the last 60 days. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report GameStop Corp. (GME) : Free Stock Analysis Report Insulet Corporation (PODD) : Free Stock Analysis Report Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (SFM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Sportradar Group AG (SRAD) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Why investing for the long run, especially if you buy certain popular stocks, could reap huge rewards. The Trump administration just rescued the big health insurers with a $25 billion payout.  For more than a year, the story for these companies has been that the business of privately managing Medicare plans had become a major disappointment.  U.S. seniors were seeking lots of medical care, eating away at insurers’ profits. And we take a look at Texas Instruments and Taiwan Semiconductor. Increasing costs and high debt levels are weighing on BERY. Unfavorable foreign currency movement is an added concern. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
