What Makes UnitedHealth Group (UNH) a Strong Momentum Stock_ Buy Now_
2025-04-14 16-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/makes-unitedhealth-group-unh-strong-160003229.html?.tsrc=rss
Momentum investing is all about the idea of following a stock's recent trend, which can be in either direction. In the 'long' context, investors will essentially be "buying high, but hoping to sell even higher." And for investors following this methodology, taking advantage of trends in a stock's price is key; once a stock establishes a course, it is more than likely to continue moving in that direction. The goal is that once a stock heads down a fixed path, it will lead to timely and profitable trades.
Even though momentum is a popular stock characteristic, it can be tough to define. Debate surrounding which are the best and worst metrics to focus on is lengthy, but the Zacks Momentum Style Score, part of the Zacks Style Scores, helps address this issue for us.
Below, we take a look atUnitedHealth Group (UNH), a company that currently holds a Momentum Style Score of B. We also talk about price change and earnings estimate revisions, two of the main aspects of the Momentum Style Score.
It's also important to note that Style Scores work as a complement to the Zacks Rank, our stock rating system that has an impressive track record of outperformance. UnitedHealth Group currently has a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy). Our research shows that stocks rated Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and #2 (Buy) and Style Scores of A or B outperform the market over the following one-month period.
You can see the current list of Zacks #1 Rank Stocks here >>>
Let's discuss some of the components of the Momentum Style Score for UNH that show why this largest U.S. health insurer shows promise as a solid momentum pick.
A good momentum benchmark for a stock is to look at its short-term price activity, as this can reflect both current interest and if buyers or sellers currently have the upper hand. It is also useful to compare a security to its industry, as this can help investors pinpoint the top companies in a particular area.
For UNH, shares are up 14.17% over the past week while the Zacks Medical - HMOs industry is up 1.21% over the same time period. Shares are looking quite well from a longer time frame too, as the monthly price change of 22.68% compares favorably with the industry's 2.76% performance as well.
While any stock can see its price increase, it takes a real winner to consistently beat the market. That is why looking at longer term price metrics -- such as performance over the past three months or year -- can be useful as well. Over the past quarter, shares of UnitedHealth Group have risen 17.6%, and are up 36.49% in the last year. In comparison, the S&P 500 has only moved -7.64% and 4.64%, respectively.