Title: Jim Cramer_ UnitedHealth (UNH) “Defines What People Want” – Totally Domestic and in Demand
Date: 2025-04-16 16:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-unitedhealth-unh-defines-165227933.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer is Bullish on These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
On Friday, Mad Money host, Jim Cramer, shared his perspective on how investors might approach the stock market given the current economic uncertainty.
“You gotta make a list and decide what you can live with and what’s simply too dicey to buy. That my good friends, is how you have to think about stocks right now if you’re willing to be a slave to this crazy market in order to try to pocket what you can during this difficult period.”
READ ALSO: Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch and Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks.
Cramer emphasized that before making any trading decision unless the plan is to hold it long-term and ride out near-term turbulence, investors should run what he described as a “gauntlet” of significant considerations. The first question he raised is whether the company in question does business in any foreign country. While it is common for investors to be cautious about China these days, Cramer pointed out that any nation could suddenly draw the ire of the U.S. president.
“Now, it’s one thing to be worried about China, but it’s another to recognize that any country could at any time find itself on the president’s bad side. And once they get on his bad side, any American company doing real business there, finished.”
Cramer stressed the importance of avoiding companies that rely on international operations or resources. The second point on his checklist involved evaluating whether a company is cyclical, essentially, if it is vulnerable to swings in the broader economy. Highlighting the scale of the current trade friction, Cramer pointed out that the United States is effectively embargoing $439 billion worth of goods from China. He noted that it is likely to push inflation to levels not seen in a very long time. He added:
“It’s hard to disagree with that assessment and I say that as someone who generally supports a trade crackdown on the Chinese government.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 10 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 11. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A senior healthcare professional giving advice to a patient in a clinic.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 150
Discussing health insurers like UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH), Cramer said:
“Then there are the health insurers, Humana, UnitedHealth, and Cigna. They are the ones I have my eyes on. They’re the easiest spot and we want them easy. I know the Charitable Trust should own one of these. I’m just debating which one.”
UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) offers health benefit plans, care services, pharmacy support, and health management programs. It also provides software tools, consulting, and data solutions to organizations in the healthcare field. In the beginning of April, Cramer stated:
“Right now, there’ll be a lot of fund managers who say, why do I need any of this? Just give me stocks that are American stocks that have nothing to do. And UnitedHealth, which sells at 19 times earnings, would probably sell at 25 times earnings in the near-term future, because UnitedHealth actually defines what I’m telling you people want. Up another 12 today. And that’s how money managers work. They’ll buy Umana, they’ll buy UNH, they’ll buy Cigna. […] You’re going to hear people come on, like on two-stock lunch or whatever, and they’re going to say, you know what? I like UnitedHealth and Humana here. Why? Well, they’re totally independent. Totally domestic.”
Overall, UNH ranks 7th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of UNH as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than UNH but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
UnitedHealth Group is set to benefit from the Trump administration’s Medicare reimbursement rate hike.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing […]
This summer, UnitedHealth, Amedisys and antitrust regulators will have a magistrate judge’s help in hashing out a solution to the DOJ’s opposition to the merger.
Brian Thompson’s murder has raised questions about the cost of U.S. healthcare, embroiling insurers, drugmakers and PBMs in a battle for the future of the industry.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
You’ll need to do a bit of legwork to find a good fit, but it’s worth it to get one of these loans.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.