Title: Gear Up for UnitedHealth (UNH) Q1 Earnings_ Wall Street Estimates for Key Metrics
Date: 2025-04-14 13:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gear-unitedhealth-unh-q1-earnings-131518260.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Analysts on Wall Street project that UnitedHealth Group (UNH) will announce quarterly earnings of $7.27 per share in its forthcoming report, representing an increase of 5.2% year over year. Revenues are projected to reach $111.01 billion, increasing 11.2% from the same quarter last year. The current level reflects an upward revision of 0.1% in the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter over the past 30 days. This demonstrates how the analysts covering the stock have collectively reappraised their initial projections over this period. Ahead of a company's earnings disclosure, it is crucial to give due consideration to changes in earnings estimates. These revisions serve as a noteworthy factor in predicting potential investor reactions to the stock. Numerous empirical studies consistently demonstrate a strong relationship between trends in earnings estimate revision and the short-term price performance of a stock. While it's common for investors to rely on consensus earnings and revenue estimates for assessing how the business may have performed during the quarter, exploring analysts' forecasts for key metrics can yield valuable insights. Given this perspective, it's time to examine the average forecasts of specific UnitedHealth metrics that are routinely monitored and predicted by Wall Street analysts. Analysts expect 'Revenues- Products' to come in at $13.33 billion. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +11.9%. The average prediction of analysts places 'Revenues- Services' at $9.76 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +9.8% year over year. According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Revenues- Premiums' should come in at $86.94 billion. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +11.5%. Analysts' assessment points toward 'Revenues- Investment and other income' reaching $1.06 billion. The estimate points to a change of +4.4% from the year-ago quarter. Analysts predict that the 'Operating Statistics - Medical Care Ratio' will reach 85.9%. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 84.3%. The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Commercial - Domestic- Risk-based' will likely reach 9 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 8.55 million in the same quarter of the previous year. The consensus estimate for 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Commercial - Domestic- Fee-based' stands at 21.46 million. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 20.87 million. Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Total Community and Senior' should arrive at 20.16 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 19.77 million in the same quarter of the previous year. The consensus among analysts is that 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicare Advantage' will reach 8.21 million. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 7.76 million. The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicaid' of 7.62 million. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 7.68 million. It is projected by analysts that the 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicare Supplement (Standardized)' will reach 4.33 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 4.33 million in the same quarter of the previous year. Analysts forecast 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Medicare Part D stand-alone' to reach 2.81 million. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 3.09 million.View all Key Company Metrics for UnitedHealth here>>>UnitedHealth shares have witnessed a change of +22.7% in the past month, in contrast to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -3.6% move. With a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), UNH is expected outperform the overall market performance in the near term. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research UNH's first-quarter earnings are likely to have benefited from growing premiums and service revenues. Based on the average brokerage recommendation (ABR), TSMC (TSM) should be added to one's portfolio. Wall Street analysts' overly optimistic recommendations cast doubt on the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric. So, is the stock worth buying? We came across a bullish thesis on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on UNH. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)’s share was trading at $587.06 as of April 14th. UNH’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.85 and 19.72 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. UnitedHealth Group stands […] The heavy selling pressure might have exhausted for IMab (IMAB) as it is technically in oversold territory now. In addition to this technical measure, strong agreement among Wall Street analysts in revising earnings estimates higher indicates that the stock is ripe for a trend reversal. ASML Holding's first-quarter 2025 results are likely to reflect strength in EUV and memory chips amid macro headwinds. Our time-tested methodologies were at work to help investors navigate the market well last week. Here are some of our key performance data from the past three months. Let's take a look at the two best-performing Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI) companies to see if they're worth buying today. UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH) is one of the most resilient stocks on the market. There was no major company-specific news out on UnitedHealth in March, and investors seem to be returning to the stock after it tumbled following the assassination of one of its executives in December 2024. Does UnitedHealth Group (UNH) have what it takes to be a top stock pick for momentum investors? Let's find out. We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) stands against other best stocks for 15 years. Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated level […] Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
