Title: UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)_ A Bull Case Theory
Date: 2025-04-15 16:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unitedhealth-group-incorporated-unh-bull-160952983.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We came across a bullish thesis on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on UNH. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)'s share was trading at $587.06 as of April 14th. UNH’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.85 and 19.72 respectively according to Yahoo Finance.
Valeri Potapova/Shutterstock.com
UnitedHealth Group stands as a powerful compounder in the healthcare space, benefiting from the defensive nature of health insurance—a category of spending that consumers prioritize even during economic downturns. In uncertain times, discretionary expenses like tech upgrades, dining out, and travel are often the first to go, but health insurance remains untouchable due to the catastrophic financial consequences of going uninsured. This dynamic gives health insurers, especially UnitedHealth, exceptional pricing power, allowing them to pass on rising costs without losing customers. UnitedHealth’s dominance is underpinned by its vertical integration, particularly through its health services arm, Optum, which continues to grow at a healthy clip above 10% annually. Despite recent concerns sparked by the tragic death of its insurance CEO and skepticism voiced by Bill Ackman regarding profitability, the company’s fundamentals remain unshaken. These events created temporary dislocations in the stock, which long-term believers used as buying opportunities. UnitedHealth’s revenue has compounded at 11% annually over the past five years, and despite modest net profit and return on equity margins at 5%, the consistency and resilience of its business model position it as a reliable performer in all market conditions. Its forward P/E of 20 reflects a fair valuation, especially considering the current environment. The stock has already gained 22% year-to-date, outperforming a declining S&P 500, and still presents a compelling opportunity for investors—particularly on any dip below the $550 level. For those seeking tariff-proof exposure with strong cost-passing capabilities and a resilient growth engine, UnitedHealth remains a top-tier choice. The combination of its indispensable service, stable financials, and strategic integration make it a long-term winner, regardless of market cycles.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) is on our list of the 30 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. As per our database, 150 hedge fund portfolios held UNH at the end of the fourth quarter which was 112 in the previous quarter. While we acknowledge the risk and potential of UNH as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than UNH but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 8 Best Wide Moat Stocks to Buy Now and 30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock.
Disclosure: None. This article was originally published at Insider Monkey.
President Donald Trump’s latest trade move is hitting the gas pedal on car sales. With a 25% tariff on imported vehicles and parts set to take effect, buyers are racing to dealerships to lock in prices before they climb. Some industry experts say it could add thousands of dollars to the cost of a new car, prompting a last-minute shopping spree. Don't Miss: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just
We came across a bullish thesis on Heartland Express, Inc. (HTLD) on Substack by Unemployed Value Degen. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on HTLD. Heartland Express, Inc. (HTLD)’s share was trading at $8.44 as of April 14th. HTLD’s forward P/E was 833.33 according to Yahoo Finance. Heartland Express (HTLD) presented at the JP […]
We came across a bullish thesis on Uber Technologies, Inc. (UBER) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on UBER. Uber Technologies, Inc. (UBER)’s share was trading at $73.10 as of April 14th. UBER’s trailing and forward P/E were 16.03 and 27.40 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Uber represents a […]
We came across a bullish thesis on Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on BSX. Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX)’s share was trading at $94.27 as of April 14th. BSX’s trailing and forward P/E were 75.42 and 33.11 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Boston Scientific (BSX), […]
We came across a bullish thesis on Stryker Corporation (SYK) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on SYK. Stryker Corporation (SYK)’s share was trading at $353.42 as of April 14th. SYK’s trailing and forward P/E were 45.54 and 26.04 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Stryker (SYK) stands out as […]
We came across a bullish thesis on American Express Company (AXP) on Substack by Daan Rijnberk. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on AXP. American Express Company (AXP)’s share was trading at $255.38 as of April 14th. AXP’s trailing and forward P/E were 18.23 and 16.75 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. American Express (AmEx) […]
We came across a bullish thesis on ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ASML. ASML Holding N.V. (ASML)’s share was trading at $672.87 as of April 14th. ASML’s trailing and forward P/E were 30.79 and 24.39 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. ASML is one […]
Verve Therapeutics stock rises on demonstrating superior LDL-C lowering ability in a phase Ib study of VERVE-102 in patients with HeFH and/or CAD.
We came across a bullish thesis on Medtronic plc (MDT) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on MDT. Medtronic plc (MDT)’s share was trading at $84.22 as of April 14th. MDT’s trailing and forward P/E were 25.68 and 14.39 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Medtronic (MDT), one of the […]
Cathie Wood has been looking for bargains.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
