Title: Health insurance stocks soar after boost to Medicare reimbursement rates
Date: 2025-04-08 10:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/health-insurance-stocks-rise-best-101046907.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Corrects paragraph 3 to say the final rates are more than double of provisional rates in January, not roughly double) (Reuters) - Shares of U.S. health insurers jumped on Tuesday after a bigger-than-expected increase in the government's reimbursement rates for Medicare Advantage plans in 2026 signaled some relief for a sector burdened with steep medical costs. Shares of Medicare-focused insurer Humana led gains with a nearly 15% jump in premarket trading, while other health insurers including UnitedHealth Group, Centene and CVS Health advanced between 5% and 9%. The 5.06% average increase, more than double of what was proposed by the government in January, could help profit margins in the sector after a post-COVID surge in demand for medical procedures drove up costs. The "best-case scenario" rates, coupled with rising tariff risk, make health insurance stocks a strong relative safe haven, Baird Research analysts said in a note to clients. Some health insurance stocks have performed well despite a recent market rout triggered by escalating worries over a trade war. Centene and Molina Healthcare notched gains last week, when broader markets plunged after President Donald Trump's tariff announcement. The rate the U.S. government pays to private health insurers to manage Medicare for people aged 65 and older or with disabilities influences the monthly premiums these companies charge, the plan benefits they offer and, ultimately, their profits. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services had earlier proposed a 2.2% increase in 2026 payments. Last year, the government announced a 0.2% decline in the reimbursement rates for 2025. The agency said the rate change mainly accounts for additional data on rising costs for insurers, including payment data through the fourth quarter of 2024. Health insurance stocks had a rough 2024 with most companies ending the year in the red due to low government payments, high medical costs and public backlash against the sector after the murder of a UnitedHealth executive. (Reporting by Manas Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Vijay Kishore and Devika Syamnath) (Bloomberg) -- Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers warned that the US is now likely headed toward a recession, with potentially 2 million Americans put out of work, thanks to the tariff increases now in train.Most Read from BloombergThe Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World NeedsTrump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, HousingThis Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One SideIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapBoston Ma Investors should be aware though that plenty of excellent dividend companies exist in other sectors, including the technology sector, which is often the favorite destination of growth-oriented investors.  Meta Platforms, the parent company of Facebook, initiated its dividend payout last year. We recently published a list of 10 Best Fundamental Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) stands against other best fundamental stocks to buy according to billionaires. As per Fitch Ratings, the US tariffs are now at levels that continue to […] The Trump administration just rescued the big health insurers with a $25 billion payout.  For more than a year, the story for these companies has been that the business of privately managing Medicare plans had become a major disappointment.  U.S. seniors were seeking lots of medical care, eating away at insurers’ profits. Rhythm Pharmaceuticals shows improving price performance, earning an upgrade to its IBD Relative Strength Rating. Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Lilly (LLY). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
