Title: Eli Lilly CEO waves off CVS-Novo Nordisk deal: 'It feels a little like last decade'
Date: 2025-05-01 18:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eli-lilly-ceo-waves-off-cvs-novo-nordisk-deal-it-feels-a-little-like-last-decade-184222200.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Eli Lilly (LLY) has enjoyed a successful run the past several quarters as the company's blockbuster GLP-1 weight-loss drug Wegovy gains steam in the obesity space.
But Wall Street wiped out more than $90 billion in the company's market cap during trading Thursday after competitor Novo Nordisk (NVO) locked in a deal to have its GLP-1 listed on CVS's (CVS) formulary as the preferred weight-loss drug for patients.
Wegovy was first to market but has been losing ground to Eli Lilly's Zepbound in recent months, according to the latest prescription data.
This month, Novo Nordisk has been busy securing deals to provide more access and visibility for Wegovy. It has announced deals with telehealth companies like Hims & Hers (HIMS), specialty pharmacy deals like the one with Humana's (HUM) CenterWell, as well as Thursday's CVS deal.
Read more about Eli Lilly's stock moves and today's market action.
But Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks waved off the deal Thursday, telling Yahoo Finance in an interview that the company is focused more on upcoming obesity drugs in its pipeline and sees exclusive deals as an older way of doing business.
"We're not interested in exclusive deals. We think innovation and choice is very important. And we're well into the product replacement cycle, and there's more coming," Ricks said, referring to the highly anticipated oral form of Eli Lilly's GLP-1 orforglipron, which is expected to hit the markets mid-next year.
"It's in some ways a little disappointing to see this. It feels a little bit like last decade, these sort of lock-up deals," Ricks added.
Ricks said he is confident in Zepbound's product profile and the consumer preference reflected in the weekly prescription data.
"We'll see if it performs. I mean, they're going to have to switch people off the market-leading product onto an inferior product. And that's hard to do," Ricks said of the CVS deal.
He also noted that the company's direct-to-consumer platform, which ties in telehealth providers to help give patients a chance to buy Zepbound directly from Eli Lilly, was doing better than expected — but declined to provide numbers.
"We built this not really for this purpose, we built this more as a backstop, based on the overall condition of retail pharmacy," Ricks said, referring to store closures across the country in the past few years.
But Ricks isn't focused on that. He said he has to stay focused on the company's future rather than single-day stock moves.
"I'm focused on adding value. So, in five years, this company is worth a lot more than it is today," Ricks said.
Eli Lilly has been on investors' watch list as its GLP-1 business boomed to potentially make it the first trillion-dollar healthcare company by market cap. UnitedHealth Group (UNH) had previously been the leading contender, but multiple headwinds in the past couple of years have pummeled the insurance giant's stock.
BofA Securities analyst Tim Anderson told Yahoo Finance that the market had overreacted to the news.
"I think its going to become more and more known that this is a lot of hype. And what Novo has been already saying on the sidelines is that they weren't the ones that pushed for an exclusive deal," Anderson said.
That's particularly of note considering the prescription data.
"I do think Novo...(is) trying to prove to their shareholders that they're going to see inflection of their franchise and return to growth later in the year," Anderson said.
Red Brook Advisors managing partner Syed Husain similarly told Yahoo Finance that the market reaction to the CVS deal — a more than 10% decline in Eli Lilly's stock — was "a bit of an overreaction."
"I think we need to take a step back and really see what the broader impact is on everything going on for this company," Husain said.
Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee as AnjKhem on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
We recently published an article titled Billionaire David Einhorn’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) stands against David Einhorn’s other stock picks with huge upside potential. David Einhorn is a widely renowned hedge fund manager who co-founded Greenlight Capital in 1996. The billionaire […]
CVS reported first quarter earnings Thursday, blowing past Wall Street's expectations and ending anxiety over Medicare Advantage headwinds.
The company plans to submit the positive data to regulatory authorities for review.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Analysts are Talking About Amid Trump’s Tariff War. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks analysts are talking about amid Trump’s tariff war. Markets saw some glimmer of hope as President Donald Trump indicated […]
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Ice cream maker Ben & Jerry's said late on Friday that billionaire activist investor Nelson Peltz, who is on its parent company Unilever's board, has increased his influence over the consumer goods conglomerate, including on political issues.  Unilever and the unit have been locked in a bitter legal dispute since last year over allegations that the parent is muzzling it, hurting its ability to carry out its social mission.  The Vermont-based frozen dessert manufacturer made the new claims in response to Unilever's attempts last week to have the case thrown out.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Earn 5% cash back on valuable Discover cash-back rotating categories like grocery stores, Target, gas stations, and Amazon.com.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio