Title: Insurance stocks, Levi's outlook, Super Micro pops: Market Minute
Date: 2025-04-08 16:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/insurance-stocks-levis-outlook-super-161850544.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Brad Smith outlines some of the top headlines investors need to know on Market Minute. Healthcare stocks like Humana (HUM), UnitedHealth (UNH), and CVS (CVS) rise after the US boosts Medicare reimbursement rates. Levi Strauss (LEVI) stock is in focus after the company maintained its full-year outlook and said it expects "minimal impact" from tariffs in the upcoming quarter. Super Micro Computer (SMCI) extends gains after being the top performer in the S&P 500 (^GSPC) during Monday's session. Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute. It's time for Yahoo Finance's market minute. The tech heavy Nasdaq leading broad market gains as investors await updates on tariff negotiations. Health insurance stocks, Humana, United Health and CVS, jumping on a boost to Medicare reimbursement rates. The government proposing a 5% average increase for Medicare advantage plans in 2026, which could offer some relief to a sector that suffered from higher costs. And Levi's reversing earlier gains after topping estimates and its latest quarter and maintaining its full year forecast, opting not to include the impact from tariffs. The company says it's assembled an internal quote task force to determine the tariff impact and proper responses. And Super Micro computer shares jumping after ending Monday as the best performing stock in the S&P 500. Stock is up about 13% year to date, despite the route we've seen in other big tech names this year. Still, Super Micro down over 60% in the last 12 months. That's your Yahoo Finance market minute. For more on what's trending on Yahoo Finance, scan the QR code below to track the best and worst performing stocks. WSJ’s Gunjan Banerji fields subscriber questions about stock market volatility, how tariffs affect municipal bonds and where investors were hiding out. Photo: Against extreme market volatility, the traditional stock picking method - sales growth - is apt. Stocks like MTH, ZM, EIX, SMCI and COHR are worth buying. Levi Strauss Chief Executive Michelle Gass said the jeans maker will be “surgical” with any price hikes, rather than make across-the-board changes in response to tariffs.  The company has created a task force to look at tariff-mitigation strategies, including cost cutting, wringing concessions from suppliers and consumer price increases.  "We believe the brand has pricing power," Gass said. News of the day for April 8, 2025 Powell Industries (POWL) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects. Houses and husbands — Jennifer Lopez has had a few. Often, they have seemed to go hand in hand. Months after finalizing her divorce from Ben Affleck on Jan 6, 2025, the singer and actress has purchased a $17.5 million Los Angeles area home, ... As the New York Times suggests, while you’ve probably never heard of Ric Elias‘s digital media company, chances are you’ve been on one of its websites. The billionaire CEO of Red Ventures, which owns Bankrate, CNET, and The Points Guy, has just sold ... Smart Beta ETF report for FLQL The Trump administration just rescued the big health insurers with a $25 billion payout.  For more than a year, the story for these companies has been that the business of privately managing Medicare plans had become a major disappointment.  U.S. seniors were seeking lots of medical care, eating away at insurers’ profits. President Donald Trump urges Americans to "be cool." He said on Truth Social that "everything is going to work out well." This as global markets continue to fall and sweeping reciprocal tariffs hit American trade partners. Gabriela Santos, Chief Market Strategist for the Americas at JP Morgan Asset Management joins Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how investors can hedge their risk in volatile markets. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
