Is UnitedHealth Group Inc. (UNH) the Best Dow Stock for the Next 12 Months_
2025-04-30 18-26
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unitedhealth-group-inc-unh-best-182606075.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, is a price-weighted index that has long been seen as a barometer of the health of the U.S. economy. After touching all-time highs in late November 2024, the index has corrected nearly 7% in 2025 (as of April 23) and is down 12% from its highs. Rightly so, the correction reflects several unfavourable developments, including economic uncertainties and geopolitical tensions weighing on economic growth. The market is expected to remain volatile as the trade and other aspects of the US administration’s policy agenda play out.
Amid this volatility, based on the potential for share price appreciation in the next 12 months, we have created a selection of the best and worst Dow stocks from the 30 Dow constituent stocks.
If we analyse its trackable history from 1899, the Dow has fallen 7% or more on a single day twenty times. Of those, only seven occurred after the year 2000, and the 5.5% decline on April 5, 2025, doesn’t count as one of those seven, or not even in the historical top twenty. So, technically, this correction was not as severe as earlier. From corrections post 2000, the sharp declines when Covid-19 struck were the most noticeable – Dow fell 7.8%, 10%, and 12% on 9, 12, and 16th March, respectively, and saw further significant declines in that year.
That said, the current period remains one of the most confusing times for market participants, even for the larger players in the equity market, who remain uncertain about their estimates for the broader markets, such as the Dow.
In a recent interview, Lauren Goodwin, Chief Market Strategist at New York Life Investments, emphasized that the fundamental picture remains cloudy and investors are still looking for clarity in macroeconomic fundamentals. Despite some positive economic data recently, policy uncertainty is limiting visibility. As more data is released, she believes markets are entering a sustained period of elevated volatility across equities and fixed income.
In these testing times, investors should examine fundamentals more critically, preferring Dow stocks with earnings resilience, clear competitive advantages, and exposure to long-term, secular growth themes. On April 28, Stephanie Link, Hightower Advisors’ chief investment strategist, shared her positive outlook on the stock market in an interview on CNBC. With major tech companies, consumer, and financial companies set to announce results, she believes that if corporate earnings remain strong, the recent market rebound could continue. Since early April, the market has recovered significantly, and she attributed the rally to better-than-expected profit margins and steady corporate performance. Although the prominent tech names aren’t cheap in terms of valuation, she views the recent declines as long-term buying opportunities.
While markets may remain volatile in the coming months, the best opportunities in the Dow over the next 12 months should come from stocks with strong pricing power and earnings momentum. Investors should stick to stocks with strong brands, recurring revenue models, and competitive moats, which enable them to navigate macro uncertainty. Since the Dow comprises large-cap companies across various industries, these stocks might perform better during sell-offs.
To identify the best and worst Dow stocks, we began with the 30 constituent stocks of the DJIA Index. We then ranked these stocks in ascending order based on the consensus 1-year median potential upside. Additionally, we also include data on hedge funds holding stakes in these stocks, utilizing Insider Monkey’s Q4 2024 hedge fund database to provide deeper insights into institutional investor trends.
It is important to note here that the terms “best” and “worst” refer strictly to the relative upside potential and do not imply any fundamental strengths or weaknesses of the underlying companies.
Note: All pricing data is as of market close on April 23.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 363.5% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 208 percentage points (see more details here).
A senior healthcare professional giving advice to a patient in a clinic.
Upside Potential: 31.2%
Market Cap: $391 billion
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 150
UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) is one of the largest health care companies in the world. It provides health insurance and healthcare solutions in the U.S. and globally under the UnitedHealthcare and Optum brands.
The company’s Q1 2025 results were modestly weaker, but the outlook was disappointing, which led to substantial turmoil in its share prices (-22% on April 17). Q1 revenue of $109.6 billion came in 2% below expectations, and EPS of $7.2 was around 1.5% below. However, the main negative surprise was the outlook, where the company slashed the adjusted EPS guidance by around 12% to $26.0-26.5, from its earlier guidance of $29.5-$30.0. Investors were quite disappointed by the rare guidance cut as the company has historically guided very conservatively.
Despite the weaker guidance, Whit Mayo, an analyst from Leerink Partners, corroborated his confidence in the company by maintaining a Buy rating with a price target of $520 in a report published around April 23. As the company’s management is working to adjust its plans according to the rising medical costs, the analyst believes that the company’s long-term prospects are intact and sees a solid potential for recovery in 2026. He also believes that earnings will be supported by Medicare Advantage margin improvement next year. In addition, the analyst saw the current valuation as attractive and thus maintained his Buy rating.
Overall, UNH ranks 6th on our list of best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. While we acknowledge the potential of Dow stocks, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than UNH but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Patrick Conway will replace Heather Cianfrocco, who is being promoted to UnitedHealth’s executive vice president of governance, compliance and information security, the company announced Tuesday.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Analysts are Talking About Amid Trump’s Tariff War. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks analysts are talking about amid Trump’s tariff war. Markets saw some glimmer of hope as President Donald Trump indicated […]
We recently published a list of Billionaire Ken Fisher’s 10 Industrial Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Montrose Environmental Group, Inc. (NYSE:MEG) stands against other billionaire Ken Fisher’s industrial stock picks with huge upside potential. The economy strongly influences industrial stocks, which have […]
We recently published a list of Billionaire Ken Fisher’s 10 Industrial Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:UAL) stands against other billionaire Ken Fisher’s industrial stock picks with huge upside potential. The economy strongly influences industrial stocks, which have […]
We recently published a list of Billionaire Ken Fisher’s 10 Industrial Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Emerson Electric Co. (NYSE:EMR) stands against other billionaire Ken Fisher’s industrial stock picks with huge upside potential. The economy strongly influences industrial stocks, which have fallen […]
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says Businesspeople Are Emotional & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) stands against the other stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the unease […]
The stock market on Wednesday was set to wrap up a chaotic month with modest declines. The Dow was down 140 points, or 0.3%. The S&P 500 was down 0.6%. The Nasdaq Composite was down 1%. President Donald Trump’s April 2 “Liberation Day” reveal of steep tariffs on countries around the world sent stocks tumbling—at least until he walked backed the bulk of the import taxes the following week.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, is […]
We recently published a list of 11 Best Buy-the-Dip Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Flowers Foods, Inc. (NYSE:FLO) stands against other best buy-the-dip stocks to buy now. As volatility rises, AllianceBernstein believes that staying invested remains a strategic priority to capture the long-term return potential in […]
QFIN vs. SYM: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option?