CVS posts Q1 earnings beat, raises full-year guidance
2025-05-01 10-30
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cvs-posts-q1-earnings-beat-raises-full-year-guidance-103035785.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
CVS (CVS) reported first quarter earnings Thursday, beating Wall Street's expectations. The company also raised its full-year 2025 guidance, with adjusted earnings per share now expected in the range of $6 to $6.20, up from $5.75 to $6.
CVS reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.25 compared to Wall Street's consensus of $1.69. Revenue came in at $94.6 billion, compared to estimates of $93.6 billion.
The company's stock was up nearly 7% in premarket trading on Thursday.
The Street had been concerned about Medicare Advantage players, like CVS's Aetna, after UnitedHealth Group's (UNH) miss, in part related to higher-than-expected utilization of Medicare Advantage, which would have extended a concerning trend last year.
But with the improvement in medical loss ratio (MLR) — the ratio of premiums received to claims paid out, mandated to be at 85% by the Affordable Care Act — CVS has helped show the hit to UnitedHealth was a one-off.
CVS reported an MLR of 87.3%, in line with peer Humana (HUM), and a 3% drop from the same period in 2024, when the company reported 90.4%.
The company attributed the improvement to its plans' increased star ratings, awarded last year, which resulted in increased Medicare payments. In addition, CVS has exited the ACA marketplace, which gave it more control over cost management.
Read more about CVS's stock moves and today's market action.
CVS announced two key developments in the hot weight-loss market Thursday, marking a shift from insurers that are ending coverage and employers that have put restrictions on access and coverage.
The first development was placing Novo Nordisk's (NVO) blockbuster GLP-1 drug Wegovy as a preferred drug on its formulary, to the exclusion of competitor Eli Lilly's (LLY) Zepbound, for $499 per month.
"Now that there's adequate supply of both of these GLP-1s, CVS Caremark was able to negotiate Wegovy against Zepbound to determine which manufacturer of these clinically similar products could deliver the greatest overall value and lowest net cost for our clients that choose to participate on our standard commercial formularies," a spokesperson told Yahoo Finance in a statement Thursday.
That means patients will be steered to Wegovy if they are prescribed a weight-loss drug and have CVS Caremark as their pharmacy benefit manager (PBM).
CVS "is taking a formulary action on July 1, 2025 to prefer Wegovy for its members. The company will enhance the value of these new medications by combining them with additional lifestyle clinical support as part of the CVS Weight Management program offered to clients through CVS Caremark," the company said in a statement.
Caremark is one of the largest PBMs in the country, boasting a 27% market share.
The move could help Novo Nordisk, which has recently been lagging behind competitor Eli Lilly, with new prescriptions for weight-loss injectables.
The second major development Thursday was CVS noting it is the first retail pharmacy to partner with NovoCare, Novo Nordisk's online direct-to-consumer platform. To date, Novo Nordisk has partnered with telehealth and online pharmacies — most recently popular platforms Hims & Hers (HIMS) and Ro.
"This will enable CVS Pharmacy to provide convenient, safe and affordable access to Wegovy for eligible patients at its more than 9,000 community health locations across the country," CVS said in a statement.
Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee as AnjKhem on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Eli Lilly reported first quarter earnings on Thursday.
LONDON (Reuters) -Investors who rushed out of Wall Street during a month of U.S. policy shocks that raised European growth risks are turning their attention to niche markets such as Latin American currencies and gold mining stocks in a new bid to out-run trade angst.  After President Donald Trump's April 2 Liberation Day bombshell pummelled domestic stocks and the dollar, European equities that initially attracted capital fleeing the U.S. have been hit by a surging euro that threatens exports.  As Trump's budget plans rock confidence further and European industry braces for a deluge of cheap Chinese imports, investors running large global portfolios said traditionally volatile emerging markets and esoteric credit felt relatively safe, for now.
Many credit card perks and benefits reset each year, so you have to use them before you lose them — or risk missing out on valuable rewards.
Eli Lilly's CEO waved off the Novo Nordisk-CVS GLP-1 formulary deal as he focuses on the future of the company's obesity pipeline.
The company owns a massive portfolio of high-quality real estate.  Realty Income has a 5.6% dividend yield and a great track record of total returns.  The conglomerate is designed to perform well no matter what the economy is doing, and its diverse collection of stocks and subsidiaries essentially makes it a broad investment portfolio in a single stock.
The company is evaluating various alternatives, the “potential” outcomes of which may include a sale of the company or its assets.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Most Promising EV Battery Stocks According to Wall Street Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where QuantumScape Corporation (NYSE:QS) stands against the other EV Battery stocks. The term “EV battery stocks” describes businesses producing and developing electric vehicle batteries. This includes firms that […]
Savings interest rates are the highest they’ve been in over a decade. Here’s where you can find the best savings interest rates today.
Choosing the right credit cards, optimizing your spending, and redeeming points are the keys to successful travel hacking.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...