Apple Intelligence, New Form Factors Will Boost AAPL Stock, Analyst Says
2025-04-15 14-52
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-intelligence-form-factors-boost-145221145.html?.tsrc=rss
Apple (AAPL) will effectively develop Apple Intelligence, while "new form factors" will boost the tech giant's 2026 revenue, Angelo Zino, a senior equity analyst at CFRA Research predicted recently on the Schwab Network.
Zino has a $235 price target and a Buy rating on the shares.
A wide view of an Apple store, showing the range of products the company offers.
Apple's Positive Catalysts
The development of Apple Intelligence, which will become "more accessible" in China, will enable the demand for the iPhone 17 to be strong,  Zino asserted. Further, "new form factors" that will be launched by the firm, such as foldables, will boost its revenue in 2026, according to the analyst.
Turning to Services, Zino predicts that the business will continue to grow at an annual rate of about 9%, providing another positive catalyst for AAPL stock.
Apple "Can Work With" the Tariffs, Zino Says
Apple is likely to end up with "a blended tariff" of 10%-30% on its products, based on the combination of hardware that it will import from China and India, Zino estimated. At those levels, the company can increase its prices "moderately," preventing both "meaningful demand destruction" and significant gross margin declines, the analyst predicted.
While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AAPL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.