Trump Trade_ Smartphones, computers, chips get break from highest tariffs
2025-04-15 15-15
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-trade-smartphones-computers-chips-151512534.html?.tsrc=rss
Catch up on the top industries and stocks that were impacted, or were predicted to be impacted, by the comments, actions and policies of PresidentDonald Trumpwith this daily recap compiled by The Fly:
Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter withTop Smart Score Stocks.
Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities usingTipranks' Stock Screener.
TARIFFEXEMPTION:According tonew guidancefrom U.S. Customs and Border Protection, PresidentTrumphas exempted smartphones, computers, and other electronic devices and components, including semiconductors, solar cells, flat panel TV displays, flash drives, and memory cards from the reciprocal tariffs imposed on China. White House deputy press secretary Kush Desai said in a statement that Trump “has made it clear America cannot rely on China to manufacture critical technologies such as semiconductors, chips, smartphones, and laptops.” Desai added, “At the direction of the President, these companies are hustling to onshore their manufacturing in the United States as soon as possible.” Dan Ives, head of technology research at Wedbush, told CNBC, “This is the dream scenario for tech investors. Smartphones, chips being excluded is a game changer scenario when it comes to China tariffs.”
President Donald Trump stated in a Truth Socialpost, “NOBODY is getting ‘off the hook’ for the unfair Trade Balances, and Non Monetary Tariff Barriers, that other Countries have used against us, especially not China which, by far, treats us the worst! There was no Tariff ‘exception’ announced on Friday. These products are subject to the existing 20% Fentanyl Tariffs, and they are just moving to a different Tariff ‘bucket.’ The Fake News knows this, but refuses to report it. We are taking a look at Semiconductors and the WHOLE ELECTRONICS SUPPLY CHAIN in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations. What has been exposed is that we need to make products in the United States, and that we will not be held hostage by other Countries, especially hostile trading Nations like China, which will do everything within its power to disrespect the American People. We also cannot let them continue to abuse us on Trade, like they have for decades, THOSE DAYS ARE OVER! The Golden Age of America, which includes the upcoming Tax and Regulation Cuts, a substantial amount of which was just approved by the House and Senate, will mean more and better paying Jobs, making products in our Nation, and treating other Countries, in particular China, the same way they have treated us.”