Title: US needs 'unified approach' on AI companies competing with China
Date: 2025-05-08 15:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/us-needs-unified-approach-ai-152334490.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
American AI executives are speaking before lawmakers on Capitol Hill on Thursday about how the US can keep a competitive advantage against China. Among the CEOs include OpenAI CEO Sam Altman and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) CEO Lisa Su.
Chamber of Progress Founder and CEO Adam Kovacevich comes on Catalysts to speak more about how the second Trump administration's Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is approaching antitrust cases in Big Tech and the ongoing "AI arms race" with China.
Additionally, Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) shares are slowly crawling back in Thursday's trading session after falling off yesterday on headlines that Apple (AAPL) plans to integrate AI search features into its Safari web browser, according to Apple senior vice president of services Eddy Cue's testimony to US Department of Justice (DOJ) officials.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.
Another story we are watching in Washington this morning. The CEOs of OpenAI, AMD, and CoreWeave testifying before the Senate on AI competition. I want to bring in Adam Kovacevich. He is the Chamber of Progress's CEO and founder. Adam, great to get your insights on days like today because you have both the expertise in Washington and in tech, having worked in tech yourself. Talk to me about what we can anticipate hearing from Sam Altman as he is speaking on Capitol Hill today.
Well, I think you're going to, I think two big things are going to come out of today's hearing. One is that this is a space where it's frankly intensely competitive. We have all the big players, Google, Microsoft, Amazon competing in AI, we've got upstarts like OpenAI and Anthropic. They're all competing really avidly with each other. And that, that is great. That's actually prompting the companies to innovate at such a huge, rapid pace and that's been great for consumers. And so I think what you see when you see multiple CEOs testify like you, you have today, that competition is kind of alive and well. But I think the second thing that will come out is that we are in a AI arms race against China. And it's really important that the government really put forward kind of a unified policy approach to beating China and AI. We don't have that today. We actually have some cases where our government is at war with some of our leading companies, particularly on the antitrust front, who are going to be the ones who beat China and AI. And so I, I'd like to see kind of a more unified approach to how we approach our AI competition against other countries.
Yeah, and talk to me about that competition piece. Uh, we're going to get to some of the headlines about Alphabet and Apple in just a second here, but do you think that there are going to be questions to Sam Altman about whether or not there's enough competition in the AI space? How do you think that's going to go?
There will be, but I mean to me, the answer is obvious. I mean, again, I think there, you know, there tends to be kind of focused on, well, you know, is there enough room for startups? But I mean, when you have five or six large companies competing with each other to be, you know, to really lead an AI, that is outstanding. And that's really what we're in the midst of, or that kind of intense AI competition. So I see nothing but upside for, for companies competing with each other to to be leaders in AI.
And Adam, Keith Lerner, my guest host, has a question for you as well.
Hey Adam, thanks so much. Great, great points. You know, when we think about the broader stock market, to us, you know, the stock market as I mentioned earlier is different than the economy. So as I'm talking to small, like small mid-sized business owners, they're seeing some weakness with the AI side, the competition you said it is good. So do you think then the capital spending that we've been seeing is it going to just continue to accelerate like we've seen over recent quarters?
I do, but I think the big cloud over the whole space, both big and small, is Trump's tariffs because, you know, yes, companies do want to invest, but there's this uncertainty, right? And you know, Trump on the one hand says, I want to, you know, spur building here in the United States. But on the other, on the other hand, he's giving exemptions to companies. That creates uncertainty. And then he on the other hand, he says he wants to use the tariffs as kind of a negotiating tool for other policies. So the tariff strategy isn't, isn't clear at all. That's created huge amount of uncertainty on the part of business about, you know, do I have any predictability in terms of my investment? That's also having downstream impacts on the small companies, the small suppliers. So you look at AI, okay, you think, okay, well, they're building AI data centers. Well, those data centers are full of equipment, hardware that is subject to tariffs, right? And so, you know, the tariff policy has all these downstream impacts on the AI industry.
I, I want to pivot a little bit to talk to you about Apple and Alphabet here this morning. Adam Apple and Alphabet shares really both getting hit a little bit after Eddy Cue, he is Apple's services chief. He said that he sees AI search engines eventually replacing standard search engines like Google, and he also talked about declines and search that we have been seen on Google's platform. How do you read that as somebody who's been inside of Google? How do you read the risk of AI to its search engine?
Well, you know, when I worked at Google, we said competition was one click away. And I think what you see right now is that the real competition for Google and Search is the next generation of search, which is really chat GPT and AI chat bots, right? So I think what you, what I take away is that this sort of shows the utter pointlessness of the Department of Justice's ongoing antitrust trial against Google, right? Which is really focused on its, you know, years old distribution agreements with Apple and other companies about the traditional search results. Well, if Apple is saying, look, we're thinking about shifting to AI services anyway, then, you know, these, these deals aren't such an iron clad fortress for Google that the Justice Department thinks that they are. And I think this is a, this kind of goes to a regular critique of antitrust that it's fighting yesterday's battle and that technology has a way of making yesterday's advantage obsolete. And, and this is why I think so many leaders in tech are sort of rightly paranoid about being ahead of the next thing, right? Because you can lose your advantage. You usually use your, lose your advantage through iterations in technology. And that's I think, you know, what, what, you know, is a threat to Google right now. And so I think frankly, this, this kind of dynamic sort of undermines the whole argument of the Justice Department's case against Google.
And Keith, I want to bring you into the conversation too because I wonder how investors should read this moment for a name like Alphabet. Obviously, search is key, but in their earnings print, they were able to talk about the idea that their AI run down, that wasn't a headwind for search. So maybe they can put forward a bull case that AI is something they can benefit from and not just lose from. How should investors read that?
Well, I think the question really is the transition. Are they able to transition their AI? Are they able to be competitive as well? Because I don't know that it's a huge surprise, like, I'm not a fast mover and I do most of my searches now on Chat GPT. And I know a lot of other folks, even anecdotally as well. So I think that's the question, but I also, I think the point made is how fast moving this stuff is. I mean, I remember and I was, I was, I've been doing this since the mid 90s, like there was something called the four horsemen back in the late 90s. It was Intel, Microsoft, Dell, and Cisco. And you say like, how many of those are the big leaders today? Well, Microsoft is, but it's after hibernating for a long time. So I think the main point is like, this moves quickly and the leaders that we have today may not be the leaders of tomorrow.
Yeah. And Adam, I do want to end with you. Uh, get the final word from you on how you're thinking about Google moving forward, especially as this trial is set to end on Friday. And I also want to hear from you about the potential forced sale of Chrome, which would obviously be a huge headwind. Do you think that that is a potential likelihood?
Well, I frankly think it's on the outer bounds of likely remedies. And as the trials go, has gone on, I think it's pretty clear that's probably not going to happen. More likely is that the judge forces Google to not be able to pay for these search distribution deals. But one of the big questions in this trial that's been going on is whether Google should have to give its search query data to rival search engines so they can be able to compete. And I think, you know, in some ways it's kind of like, well, let's say you're, you're a baker who's been perfecting their cake recipe for years, right? And the government comes in and says, you have to give your recipe with rival bakeries. You're going to be pretty demotivated to keep working on your future recipe, right? If, if you're being forced to share it with your rivals. And frankly, the ultimate loser in all that is the consumers who benefit from all of that innovation in search. So I am concerned about kind of what that's going to ultimately mean for just the quality of search results.
All right. Adam, we got to leave it there. Thank you so much for joining us. And of course, thanks to Keith Lerner of Truist, our guest host for the hour for his insights in the conversation as well. We appreciate it.
Ford reported better-than-expected first quarter results but pulled its full-year guidance as President Trump's auto tariffs could have 'significant impacts' on the bottom line.
(Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc.’s silicon design group is working on new chips that will serve as the brains for future devices, including its first smart glasses, more powerful Macs and artificial intelligence servers. Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in For
We recently published a list of Billionaire Quants’ Two Sigma’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other billionaire quants’ two sigma’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Two Sigma Advisors is one of the leading players in the […]
In a rising market, the iconic growth investor is adding to positions trading well below their earlier highs.
Uncertainty over the Trump administration's policy on the export of AI chips weighed on Nvidia stock and others on Thursday.
Big Tech's AI and advertising giants are faring better against tariffs than the likes of Apple.
Nvidia stock rose 3% to end the trading day Wednesday following a Bloomberg report that the Trump administration plans to repeal AI chip export restrictions put into place under former President Joe Biden.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.