Title: The Dow climbed 250 points as Trump announced a U.K. trade deal
Date: 2025-05-08 20:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dow-futures-jump-300-points-122900100.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
U.S. stocks rose on Thursday, with major indexes climbing. Tech led the day’s rally, and the Nasdaq closed up slightly over 1%.
The S&P 500 rose 0.58% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average added 254 points, or 0.62%.
The surge was brought on by President Trump’s announcement of a trade deal Thursday with the United Kingdom— his first since April’s sweeping “Liberation Day” tariffs.
In other White House news, Trump is also expected to roll back and replace Biden-era AI chip rules.
Markets are absorbing Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell’s latest remarks. The central bank announced Wednesday that it will hold interest rates steady, with Powell taking a wait-and-see stance.
While the job market remains healthy and core inflation is easing, tariffs are introducing new economic uncertainty, Powell said. He made it clear the Fed is in no rush to shift course, emphasizing the need for more data — especially on how tariff-driven price pressures play out.
Elsewhere, central banks abroad are cutting rates, but they’re not contending with the exact same inflationary wildcards.
On Wednesday, Alphabet (GOOGL) shares fell 7% on reports that Apple (AAPL) may integrate AI tools such as ChatGPT and Perplexity into Safari, threatening Google’s dominance as the browser’s default search engine.
During federal antitrust testimony, Apple executive Eddy Cue said Safari search volume had declined for the first time — signaling that users are already shifting toward AI alternatives. With Google paying Apple an estimated $20 billion a year for default status, the news rattled investors and sparked fresh concerns about Alphabet’s long-term search moat.
Apple shares initially fell 2% on the same news, but both companies gained on Thursday, with Alphabet up 1.9% and Apple up 0.6%, too.
AB InBev (BUD) kicked off the earnings day with a solid report. The brewer posted nearly 8% EBITDA growth and stronger margins, even as volumes slipped 2.2% due to tough comps and weather.
Mega-brands such as Corona — up 11% outside its home market — led the way, while no-alcohol and direct-to-consumer sales also notched meaningful gains. The company reiterated its 2025 outlook and emphasized ongoing investments in premium products and digital platforms.
Shopify (SHOP) reported before the bell today. Energy majors ConocoPhillips (COP) and Cheniere Energy (LNG) also announced earnings today, alongside Canadian Natural Resources (CNQ) and Brookfield (BAM), offering a look at global demand, margins, and infrastructure amid falling oil prices.
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.