Title: Tech M&A Set to Heat Up on AI Frenzy
Date: 2025-05-08 21:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tech-m-set-heat-ai-213057946.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Wedbush's Dan Ives says companies now dedicate roughly 15% of their IT spend to AIup from 2% a year agoas applications proliferate across industries. He highlights Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR) specifically, which has ramped from 10 to 85 distinct AI use cases in 12 months, demonstrating the rapid real-world adoption of machine learning and analytics tools.
Ives warns that while the technology is going 100 mph in a Ferrari, regulators are stuck at 35 mph in the right lane, making meaningful government intervention unlikely in the near term.
This spending boom is driving consolidation in the tech sector, with giants like Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) and IBM (NYSE:IBM) poised to acquire smaller AI specialists to shore up their capabilities and market share.
Even economic headwinds and tariff threats won't slow the AI wave; instead, companies under pressure are turning to automation and machine intelligence for efficiency gains. As Ives puts it, the strong are going to get stronger as this next industrial revolution unfolds.
Why it matters: With AI's transformative impact already clearespecially in companies like Palantirorganizations that fail to integrate advanced applications risk falling behind, while investors should watch M&A activity and budget shifts toward leading AI vendors.
Investors will look for signals in upcoming earnings calls and any regulatory guidance out of Washington to see whether industry self-policing or formal rules will steer AI's next chapter.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
Investors fear that Lyft's business model will be pushed to the side, but that's not how things have played out in other industries.  Shift4 has grown fast during past recessions, and its business is still built to thrive whether there's a tailwind or a headwind.  Two of these are Lyft (NASDAQ: LYFT) and Shift4 Payments (NYSE: FOUR).
We recently published a list of Billionaire Quants’ Two Sigma’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other billionaire quants’ two sigma’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Two Sigma Advisors is one of the leading players in the […]
Wondering where to find value in today's choppy market? These two beaten-down AI stocks could be ready for a rebound.
Needham lowered the firm’s price target on Sarepta (SRPT) to $125 from $183 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. The company faced significant pressure following earnings, triggered by the appointment of Vinay Prasad to head CBER, as Dr. Prasad is a known critic of the accelerated approval pathway and Elevidys’ approval in particular, the analyst tells investors in a research note. Sarepta has also lowered FY25 sales guidance, Needham notes, adding however that it still views the stock as “unde
The cloud giant joins more than 50 technology partners that are supporting the Agent2Agent standard, including Salesforce, Oracle and SAP.
The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.