Title: Alphabet (GOOG) Unveils Gemini 2.5, Plans $75B AI Push in 2025
Date: 2025-04-14 13:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-goog-unveils-gemini-2-132521603.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires.
The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due to the AI hype, has been dampened by recent measures undertaken by the Trump administration to shore up US manufacturing. These measures, largely in the form of obscene tariffs on goods imported into the US from overseas, with a particular focus on China, have hit global stocks, resulting in a downward spiral for major indexes. The latest tariff hike has wiped trillions in market capitalization from the Magnificent Seven, a group of seven firms that dominate the benchmark US indexes and are heavily invested in AI. Latest reports from market research firm IDC indicate that if the tariffs stay in place, they are expected to trigger supply chain disruptions and inflationary challenges across various markets, including the IT sector. According to a report from news agency Reuters, global hedge funds, dominated by billionaires, scaled back their risky bets and sought safety before Trump introduced new tariffs last week.
This report was based on data gathered by investment bank Goldman Sachs. Per the data, hedge funds pulled out of bets in emerging markets of Europe and Asia ahead of the announcement of new tariffs. Research by investment bank Morgan Stanley, as seen by Reuters, also echoes these sentiments. Morgan Stanley estimates US long-short funds net leverage quickly fell to 37%, just shy of historical lows, by the end of last week, from over 50% at the beginning of the year. Net leverage measures the difference between a fund’s long and short positions against the value of what it owns including borrowings. JPMorgan also noted in a recent report that the net leverage of hedge funds has dropped to around the lowest since late 2023. The lower the net leverage, the more conservative a hedge fund’s position. Investors expect significant volatility on risk assets in the near term given the tariff uncertainties and suggest a continued risk-off stance.
Read more about these developments by accessing 10 Best AI Data Center Stocks and 10 Buzzing AI Stocks According to Goldman Sachs.
The latest developments represent a reversal of positions from billionaires who, in the past few months, have often hailed AI as the next transformative technology that would shape the future of economies, industries, and society. Influential billionaires repeatedly advocated for investing heavily in AI for the immense economic value it promised. This bullish thesis was based on research from firms like McKinsey that predicted that AI could add up to $4.4 trillion annually to the global economy in the coming years. For investors, this translated into a chance to own stakes in technologies that could underpin the next generation of global growth. For billionaire investors, AI also represented both a diversification strategy and a chance to influence the direction of a powerful new technology. These investors often take strategic stakes that allow them to shape product development and scaling. Some of the biggest companies these investors made huge bets on are discussed in detail below.
Read more about these developments by accessing 30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock and Beyond the Tech Giants: 35 Non-Tech AI Opportunities.
For this article, we consulted an internal database on AI companies. From these, we selected the thirty stocks with the highest number of billionaire investors. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A laptop and phone open to Google's services in an everyday setting.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 174
Number of Billionaire Investors: 24
Value of Billionaire Holdings: $10 Billion 
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is a technology company that owns and runs the internet search engine Google. Last month, the company announced Gemini 2.5, the latest in a series of next-generation artificial intelligence large language models. Per the tech giant, the Gemini 2.5 models are thinking models, capable of reasoning through their thoughts before responding, resulting in enhanced performance and improved accuracy. The company’s Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), specialized AI chips, and its DeepMind AI division, are estimated to be worth over $700 billion collectively, per a Barron’s report. Google, the search engine owned by Alphabet, announced earlier this year plans to invest $75 billion in AI initiatives in 2025. AI enhancements in Google Search contributed to $54 billion in revenue from this segment in Q4 2024. ​
Overall, GOOG ranks 8th on our list of best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential of these AI companies, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOG but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
The Federal Trade Commission alleges that the company engaged in a ‘systematic strategy’ to eliminate competitive threats in the social media space.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg took the stand on Monday at a high-stakes trial in Washington over U.S. antitrust enforcers' claims that the company spent billions of dollars to acquire Instagram and WhatsApp to fend off Facebook competitors.  The FTC is seeking to force Meta to restructure or sell Instagram and WhatsApp, testing President Donald Trump's promises to take on Big Tech while posing an existential threat to a company that by some estimates earns about half of its U.S. advertising revenue from Instagram.  Wearing a dark suit and light blue tie, Zuckerberg calmly responded to questions while seeking to combat allegations Meta bought the companies a decade ago to eliminate competition among social media platforms where users connect with friends and family.
We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But more recently, […]
US telcos will turn up the volume on cost assurance messaging to underline their ability to provide customers with spend certainty as fears grow that the cost of new tariffs will be passed on to US consumers.
Google Classroom introduced a new AI-powered feature designed to help teachers generate questions. Launched on Monday, this tool lets educators create a list of questions based on specific text input. Using this text-dependent question-generation tool, which utilizes Gemini, teachers can either upload files from Google Drive or manually enter text for the AI to generate questions. They can then export the questions into a Google Doc or Google Form. Educators can choose from a variety of filters,
We recently published a list of 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May. While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment manager, expects […]
Crypto exchanges and wallet apps must meet EU's MiCA licensing rules to advertise in Google's platforms in 27 countries.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.