Title: Nvidia says it will build AI supercomputers in America for the first time ever
Date: 2025-04-14 15:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-says-build-ai-supercomputers-155110597.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NVDA) will begin manufacturing AI supercomputers in the U.S. for the first time, the company announced Monday.
The chip manufacturer wrote in ablog postthat it has commissioned more than a million square feet of manufacturing space in Arizona and Texas. At the Texas factories, located in Houston and Dallas, Nvidia will build and test AI supercomputers. The chipmaker expects mass production to ramp up there over the next 12 to 15 months.
The Arizona plant, located in Phoenix, will be reserved for manufacturing Blackwell chips. Production there has already begun.
Nvidia said it plans to invest $500 billion in AI infrastructure over the next four years through its various manufacturing partnerships.
“Nvidia AI supercomputers are the engines of a new type of data center created for the sole purpose of processing artificial intelligence — AI factories that are the infrastructure powering a new AI industry,” the company wrote. It added that it expects its manufacturing of AI chips and supercomputers to “create hundreds of thousands of jobs and drive trillions of dollars in economic security” over the next few decades.
“The engines of the world’s AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time,” Nvidia founder and CEO Jensen Huang said in the announcement. “Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain, and boosts our resiliency.”
Nvidia previously has touted itsAI supercomputersas being capable of allowing anyone to prototype and develop AI models from their personal computers. The company announced the DGX personal AI supercomputers earlier this year.
Nvidia stock fell about half a percent following the announcement about its U.S. manufacturing Monday morning. It’s down about 20% on the year in the face of the market uncertainty created by President Donald Trump’s tariffs.
For the latest news,Facebook,TwitterandInstagram.
Nvidia said it is planning to build AI servers worth as much as $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years with help from partners such as TSMC, the latest American tech firm to back the Trump administration's push for local manufacturing.  Monday's announcement includes production of its Blackwell AI chips at TSMC's factory at Phoenix, Arizona and supercomputer manufacturing plants in Texas by Foxconn and Wistron that are expected to ramp up in 12 to 15 months.  The move aligns the AI chip giant, majority of whose processors are made in Taiwan, with a clutch of tech firms that have pledged to bring manufacturing back to the U.S. amid threats of steep tariffs from President Donald Trump.
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) will release its first-quarter financial results before the opening bell on Tuesday, April 15. Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at 82 cents per share, up from 76 cents per share in the year-ago period. Bank of America projects quarterly revenue of $26.91 billion, compared to $25.82 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. On April 7, Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck upgraded Bank of America from Equal-Weight to O
Nvidia said it would start producing AI supercomputers that will be manufactured entirely in the U.S.
Nvidia on Monday announced plans to build supercomputers entirely in the U.S., with the chipmaker and its partners set to invest up to $500 billion in American AI infrastructure.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer analyzed […]
On Monday, Intel Corp (NASDAQ:INTC) announced plans to sell 51% of its Altera business to Silver Lake at a valuation of $8.75 billion. Intel will own the remaining 49% of the Altera business, enabling it to participate in Altera’s future success while focusing on its core business. Intel also announced that Raghib Hussain will succeed Sandra Rivera as CEO of Altera, effective May 5. Also Read: Taiwan Semiconductor Clocks Massive Q1 Revenue Growth Despite US Tensions The transaction will likely c
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.