Title: ACIP Votes to Expand Recommendation for Pfizer’s RSV Vaccine ABRYSVO® to Include Adults Aged 50 to 5
Date: 2025-04-16 20:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/acip-votes-expand-recommendation-pfizer-201500828.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Vote expands existing recommendation, which was for all adults aged 75 and older and high-risk adults aged 60 to 74
NEW YORK, April 16, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) announced today that the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) voted to expand its recommendation for the use of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) vaccines approved for adults 50-59 years of age at increased risk of RSV-associated lower respiratory tract disease (LRTD). This includes ABRYSVO® (Respiratory Syncytial Virus Vaccine), which in October 2024, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved for the prevention of RSV-associated LRTD in adults aged 18 to 59 at increased risk of severe disease.
According to the CDC, between 15,000 - 20,000 RSV-associated hospitalizations occur annually in U.S. adults aged 50 - 59 years.1 The risk of hospitalization is highest among those adults with one or more underlying medical conditions such as obesity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD), asthma, and other chronic or immunocompromising conditions.1 With respect to ABRYSVO, ACIP stated:
ACIP recommends adults 50–59 years of age who are at increased risk of severe RSV disease receive a single dose of RSV vaccine.
"With its vote to expand adult RSV vaccination recommendations, ACIP has taken an important step toward protecting individuals aged 50 to 59 who have underlying medical conditions that increase their risk for severe RSV illness," said Alejandro Cane, Vice President, Vaccines and Antivirals U.S. Medical Lead, Pfizer. "We are proud that ABRYSVO has the broadest indication among RSV vaccines, covering older adults, adults 18 and older at heightened risk of severe disease, and pregnant women to help protect infants."
The updated ACIP recommendation, which lowers the recommended age for RSV vaccination from 60 to 50 for high-risk adults, is pending final approval by the director of the CDC and the Department of Health and Human Services.
ABOUT RSVRespiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is a contagious virus and a common cause of respiratory illness.2 The virus can affect the lungs and breathing passages of an infected individual, potentially causing severe illness or death.3,4 Chronic cardiovascular disease, chronic lung disease, moderate or severe immune compromise, diabetes with complications, and severe obesity are among the conditions that increase an individual’s risk for severe RSV.5 There are two major subgroups of RSV: RSV-A and RSV-B. Both subgroups cause disease and can co-circulate or alternate predominance from season to season.
ABOUT ABRYSVOPfizer currently is the only company with an RSV vaccine to help protect adults aged 60 and older, and adults 18 and older at increased risk of lower respiratory tract disease caused by RSV (RSV-LRTD), as well as infants through maternal immunization. ABRYSVO is an unadjuvanted, bivalent vaccine that was designed to provide broad protection against RSV-LRTD, regardless of the virus subgroup. In the prefusion state, the RSV fusion protein (F) is a major target of neutralizing antibodies, serving as the basis of Pfizer’s RSV vaccine. Variations in the F protein sequence among RSV-A and RSV-B subgroups are clustered in a key antigenic site, a target for potent neutralizing antibodies.
In May 2023, the FDA approved ABRYSVO for the prevention of LRTD caused by RSV in individuals 60 years of age or older. In June 2024, the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) voted to update its recommendation of RSV vaccines for use in adults aged ≥75 years and adults age 60-74 years who are increased risk for severe RSV disease. In August 2023, the FDA approved ABRYSVO for the prevention of LRTD and severe LRTD caused by RSV in infants from birth up to 6 months of age by active immunization of pregnant individuals at 32 through 36 weeks gestational age. This was followed in September 2023 with ACIP’s recommendation for maternal immunization to help protect newborns from RSV seasonally where the vaccine should be administered from September through January in most of the continental United States.
Also in August 2023, Pfizer announced that the European Commission granted marketing authorization for ABRYSVO for both older adults and maternal immunization to help protect infants, and in March 2025 announced the amended marketing authorization to extend the indication to include a broader adult population. Additionally, ABRYSVO has received approvals for both indications in multiple countries worldwide.
INDICATIONS FOR ABRYSVO
ABRYSVO® is a vaccine indicated in the U.S. for:
the prevention of lower respiratory tract disease (LRTD) caused by respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in people 60 years of age and older
the prevention of LRTD caused by RSV in people 18 through 59 years of age who are at increased risk for LRTD caused by RSV
pregnant individuals at 32 through 36 weeks gestational age for the prevention of LRTD and severe LRTD caused by RSV in infants from birth through 6 months of age
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR ABRYSVO
ABRYSVO should not be given to anyone with a history of severe allergic reaction (e.g., anaphylaxis) to any of its components
An increased risk of Guillain-Barré syndrome (severe muscle weakness) was observed after vaccination with ABRYSVO
For pregnant individuals: to avoid the potential risk of preterm birth, ABRYSVO should be given during 32 through 36 weeks gestational age
Fainting can happen after getting injectable vaccines, including ABRYSVO. Precautions should be taken to avoid falling and injury during fainting
Adults with weakened immune systems, including those receiving medicines that suppress the immune system, may have a reduced immune response to ABRYSVO
Vaccination with ABRYSVO may not protect all people
In adults 60 years of age and older, the most common side effects (≥10%) were fatigue, headache, pain at the injection site, and muscle pain
In adults 18 through 59 years of age, the most common side effects (≥10%) were pain at the injection site, muscle pain, joint pain and nausea
In pregnant individuals, the most common side effects (≥10%) were pain at the injection site, headache, muscle pain, and nausea
In clinical trials where ABRYSVO was compared to placebo, infants born to pregnant individuals experienced low birth weight (5.1% ABRYSVO versus 4.4% placebo) and jaundice (7.2% ABRYSVO versus 6.7% placebo)
View the full ABRYSVO Prescribing Information.
About Pfizer: Breakthroughs That Change Patients’ LivesAt Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products, including innovative medicines and vaccines. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For 175 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.Pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.Pfizer.com and follow us on X at @Pfizer and @Pfizer News, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer.
DISCLOSURE NOTICE:The information contained in this release is as of April 16, 2025. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments.
This release contains forward-looking information about ABRYSVO, including its potential benefits and a vote by ACIP to expand its recommendation to include adults 50-59 years of age at increased risk of RSV-associated lower respiratory tract disease, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of ABRYSVO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable new clinical data and further analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from our clinical studies; whether and when biologic license applications may be filed in particular jurisdictions for ABRYSVO for any potential indications; whether and when any applications that may be pending or filed for ABRYSVO may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the product's benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the product's efficacy and, if approved, whether ABRYSVO for any such indications will be commercially successful; intellectual property and other litigation; decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of ABRYSVO; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain or maintain recommendations from vaccine advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities regarding ABRYSVO and uncertainties regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations; uncertainties regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and financial results; and competitive developments.
A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com.
____________________
1 U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. "Evidence to Recommendations Framework (EtR): RSV Vaccination in Adults Aged 50–59 years" https://www.cdc.gov/acip/downloads/slides-2025-04-15-16/06-Melgar-Surie-adult-rsv-508.pdf Presented April 16, 2025. Accessed April 2025.2 World Health Organization. Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) disease. https://www.who.int/teams/health-product-policy-and-standards/standards-and-specifications/norms-and-standards/vaccine-standardization/respiratory-syncytial-virus-disease. Accessed February 2025.3 U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. How RSV Spreads. https://www.cdc.gov/rsv/causes/index.html. Updated August 30, 2024. Accessed February 2025.4 U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. RSV in Older Adults. https://www.cdc.gov/rsv/older-adults/index.html. Updated August 30, 2024. Accessed February 2025.5 U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Clinical Overview of RSV. https://www.cdc.gov/rsv/hcp/clinical-overview/index.html. Updated August 30, 2024. Accessed February 2025.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250416881933/en/
Contacts
Media Contact:PfizerMediaRelations@Pfizer.com +1 (212) 733-1226Investor Contact:IR@Pfizer.com +1 (212) 733-4848
NextEra (NEE) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.
Luxury electric vehicle (EV) maker Lucid Group (NASDAQ: LCID) launched its fully electric Gravity SUV to the public last year and began accepting registrations from interested customers.  A company executive also announced that plans to launch a new, midsize SUV next year are on track.  Maybe more important for Lucid investors are plans to launch a new, lower-priced, midsize SUV next year.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.