Title: China Open to Talks If US Shows Respect, Names Point Person
Date: 2025-04-16 23:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-open-talks-us-shows-085205469.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- China wants to see a number of steps from President Donald Trump’s administration before it will agree to trade talks, including showing more respect by reining in disparaging remarks by members of his cabinet, according to a person familiar with the Chinese government’s thinking.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed
DOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on Leave
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
Other conditions include a more consistent US position and a willingness to address China’s concerns around American sanctions and Taiwan, said the person, who asked not to be identified to discuss internal thinking.
Follow the The Big Take daily podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen.
Beijing also wants the US to appoint a point person for talks who has the president’s support and can help prepare a deal that Trump and Chinese leader Xi Jinping can sign when they meet, the person said.
The fate of the global economy and financial markets hinges in large part on whether the US and China can find a way to avoid a protracted trade war. Trump has hit China with tariffs of 145% on most goods since taking office, prompting Beijing to retaliate and threatening to wipe out most trade between the world’s biggest economies.
The offshore yuan gained 0.2% against the dollar in the wake of the report. The Australian dollar, a China-proxy currency, also advanced 0.5%. S&P 500 Index futures pared losses from as much as 1.6% earlier in the session. The benchmark closed 2.2% lower on Wednesday after Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell warned that trade tensions risk undermining the central bank’s employment and inflation goals.
The rapid onslaught of US tariffs has engendered broad public support in China for retaliation, giving Xi a political incentive to rebuff Trump’s repeated demands for a phone call. The US leader on Tuesday again called on China to reach out to him in order to kick off negotiations to resolve the trade fight.
It’s unclear what will produce a breakthrough to get talks moving. While both sides have indicated they’re open to negotiations, Trump appears determined to get Xi on the phone straight away while China wants any conversation between the leaders to produce a clear outcome.
Even then if they agree on process, fundamental questions persist on what any agreement would look like. Trump’s demands remain unclear, and tariff levels on China would need to remain high to achieve his goal of balancing trade and attracting manufacturers to the US.
While both China and the US probably want to see tariff rates lowered due to domestic pressure, negotiations are “unlikely to lead to a meaningful deescalation,” said Michelle Lam, Greater China economist at Societe Generale SA.
“There is a bit more clarity on what China is looking from: respect, consistency and a point person,” she said. “So now the ball is in US court on whether they can meet these demands. But that is still difficult — especially if the aim is to contain China’s rise.”
According to the person familiar with Beijing’s thinking, the most important precondition for any talks is that Chinese officials need to know such engagement will be conducted with respect.
While the president has been relatively dovish when speaking publicly about Xi, other members of his administration have been more hawkish, leaving officials in Beijing unsure of the US’s position, the person said.
Whatever the situation in Trump’s first term, officials in Beijing believe he now has tremendous control over this administration, said the person. As a result, when US officials make pointed statements about China, and Trump doesn’t disavow those views, Chinese officials have assumed the president condones their positions, the person said.
While the person didn’t identify any specific comments by administration officials, Beijing has recently expressed notable displeasure with comments Vice President JD Vance made about “Chinese peasants.” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lin Jian last week called the remarks “ignorant and disrespectful,” in what was a rare direct rebuke of a senior US leader.
In addition to wanting a consistent message from the US administration, officials in Beijing also want to know that Washington is ready to address some of China’s concerns, the person said. Chief among those is the prevailing perception among Chinese officials that the US has enacted policies designed to contain and suppress China’s modernization.
The US in recent years has tightened export controls around China in an effort to prevent Beijing from obtaining cutting-edge chips and other advanced technology. Trump’s administration on Monday barred Nvidia Corp. from selling its H20 chip in China, escalating the tech fight with Beijing.
China also wants the US to address its national security concerns, particularly over Taiwan, the person said. Beijing claims the self-governing island as part of its territory and has pledged to take steps, including military action if necessary, to protect those claims. China will not undertake any provocative actions on Taiwan, the person said, but it will respond if provoked.
Finally, Beijing also wants the US to designate a point person to oversee talks, the person said. China has no preference for who that is but they want the person to clearly be speaking and acting with Trump’s authority.
Chinese officials also understand that Trump may want to personally lead the negotiations, the person said. While Beijing would be flattered by Trump wanting to invest his time to such discussions, the person said, China believes the best way forward is for officials designated by the two presidents to oversee the talks.
That would be the most effective way to ensure that negotiations culminated in a meaningful summit between Trump and Xi, the person said.
‘Inching’ Toward Talks
Trump on Wednesday personally met with visiting Japanese officials in town to negotiate a trade deal, saying “big progress” had been made. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has said Japan, a military ally, will likely be prioritized along with other US partners in an effort to harness a collective effort to apply economic pressure on China.
In one sign of the confusion around US policy toward China, the Trump administration confirmed Wednesday morning the baseline tariff rate on Chinese imports to the US remains 145%, after a White House fact sheet released Tuesday afternoon Washington time said the nation “now faces up to a 245% tariff on imports to the United States as a result of its retaliatory actions.”
The figure takes into account preexisting duties on certain Chinese products, such as electric vehicles that faced a 100% charge before Trump’s second term, according to a White House official. Those older duties were added to the 145% Trump rate.
China had noted the cumulative tariff rate on certain exports is 245% and reiterated it will “fight to the end” if the US continues to harm its interests, the Ministry of Commerce said in a statement.
Both sides appear to be “inching toward the negotiating table,” said Scott Kennedy, a China expert at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies. “Both sides are trying to convey they are in a stronger position and that the ball is in the others’ court, but they’re now also trying to shape the potential agenda, participants and process for talks.”
--With assistance from Wenjin Lv, Fran Wang and Derek Wallbank.
(Updates with analyst comment in final paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Since his inauguration in January, U.S. President Donald Trump has announced - and sometimes reversed - tariffs on a slew of products and countries.  "Approximately 70% of our aluminum produced in Canada is destined for U.S. customers and is now subject to 25% tariff costs ... Currently the net annual result is approximately $100 million negative for our business," CEO William Oplinger said during a post-earnings conference call.  The aluminum producer said the tariffs on Canadian imports had cost the company roughly $20 million in the first quarter, ended March 31.
Netflix is set to report its fiscal first quarter earnings on Thursday after the market close. Here's what to know.
Nvidia was rising Tuesday after President Donald Trump said the chip maker's U.S. infrastructure permits would be expedited.
(Bloomberg) -- Shale fracker Liberty Energy Inc. posted its worst earnings in three years amid plunging oil prices and mounting concerns about energy demand.Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedDOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on LeaveLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsAdjusted first-quarter profit fell to 4 cen
Even in the midst of a sharp drop in his company’s stock price and a freight market that is not supporting the bottom line at Triumph Financial, CEO Aaron Graft touted milestones reached and signaled a new aggressiveness in pricing the company’s products. In his quarterly letter to investors released in conjunction with the company’s […] The post Despite quarterly loss and battered stock, Triumph Financial stays aggressive appeared first on FreightWaves.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE: TSM) stock got hit with significant sell-offs in Wednesday's trading.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) and Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) fell 2.2% and 3.1% in the session, respectively.  TSMC's valuation moved lower today in conjunction with news of new export restrictions on Nvidia's processors, higher tariffs on China, and cautious commentary from Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell.
Chinese online marketplace Temu and fast-fashion retailer Shein, two of the biggest advertisers on U.S. social media, are sharply cutting their U.S. digital ad spending, industry data show, in a blow to tech companies such as Meta's Facebook and YouTube.  The online retailers, both of which ship low-priced China-made goods direct to U.S. shoppers, had been on an ad spree until recently, targeting younger, thriftier shoppers in digital media.  U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order earlier this month threatens this business.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Investors who may have been hoping the Federal Reserve is poised to come to the aid of tariff-rattled markets took away an unwelcome message from the central bank's chief on Wednesday: the Fed may be in a bind.  Fed Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank would wait for more data on the economy's direction before changing interest rates.  Speaking to the Economic Club of Chicago, he noted that there was a potentially tough situation developing for the Fed in which inflation is pushed higher by tariffs while growth and potentially, employment, weaken.
Netflix is slated to report first-quarter results after markets close Thursday, and options markets suggest traders are expecting a stock price big move in the following days.
China-founded e-commerce sites Temu and Shein say they plan to raise prices for U.S. customers starting next week, a ripple effect from President Donald Trump's attempts to correct the trade imbalance between the world's two largest economies by imposing a sky-high tariff on goods shipped from China.  Temu, which is owned by the Chinese e-commerce company PDD Holdings, and Shein, which is now based in Singapore, said in separate but nearly identical notices that their operating expenses have gone up “due to recent changes in global trade rules and tariffs.”  Both companies said they would be making “price adjustments” starting April 25, although neither provided details about the size of the increases.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.