Title: Stocks resume sell-off as tariff costs hit tech and Powell delivers starkest warning yet on Trump's 
Date: 2025-04-16 20:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-resume-sell-off-as-tariff-costs-hit-tech-and-powell-delivers-starkest-warning-yet-on-trumps-trade-war-202622781.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
US stocks tumbled on Wednesday as investors were reminded of the costs President Trump's tariffs will have for major companies and the challenges these policies may present for the broader US economy.
The market sell-off intensified in the final hours of trading as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell delivered perhaps his starkest warning yet on the potentially stagflationary effects of Trump's tariff policies.
Powell warned during a speech in Chicago of the "challenging" impacts of the uncertainty that has hit the economy, adding the central bank will "wait for greater clarity" before considering any interest rate adjustments.
These remarks amped up the potential negative impacts of sweeping tariffs and took away the likelihood the Fed would be quick to cut rates should the economy slow.
Specifically, Powell warned tariffs "are highly likely to generate at least a temporary rise in inflation," adding, "The inflationary effects could also be more persistent."
Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet
The benchmark S&P 500 (^GSPC) dropped about 2.2% while the Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) shed roughly 700 points, or around 1.7%. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) fell over 3% as the new chip provisions weighed on the tech sector.
Wednesday's losses upset what had become a more stable environment for financial markets after the initial shock of "Liberation Day" sent markets reeling earlier this month.
These remarks came in the middle of what was already shaping up to be a negative day for US stocks, led by the tech sector.
AI chip leader Nvidia (NVDA) revealed late Tuesday night that new restrictions from the US government on its chip exports to China would result in $5.5 billion in charges. AMD (AMD) made similar announcement, saying the new provisions could cost the chipmaker up to $800 million.
Nvidia and AMD both fell about 7% on the day.
"What this comes down to is this continued level of uncertainty in the markets," Sylvia Jablonski, Defiance ETFs CEO and CIO, told Yahoo Finance.
Policy uncertainty has been at the forefront of the recent market sell-off. Economists broadly expect these policies to boost inflation and slow economic growth.
To some, that combination leads to a clear result.
"Recession odds are climbing even further as Powell pushes back the timing of cuts," Renaissance Macro head of economics Neil Dutta wrote in a note on Wednesday.
During the question-and-answer session at the Economic Club of Chicago, Powell was asked directly whether the Federal Reserve would intervene if the stock market continued to plummet.
"No," Powell said, denying the theory that there is a so-called Fed put, or level of a stock market sell-off where the Fed would cut interest rates to calm markets.
Powell said markets are currently attempting to asses a highly uncertain environment, and that leads to volatility.
"Markets are doing what they're supposed to do," Powell said. "They're orderly and they're functioning just about as you would expect them to function."
On Wednesday, that market function featured shifting investor views on Nvidia amid the new costly provisions laid on by the Trump administration.
Interactive Brokers chief strategist Steve Sosnick told Yahoo Finance that the slide in Nvidia shares was "emblematic" of the issues driving the stock market lower over the past month. As earnings season progresses in the weeks ahead, it's unlikely Nvidia will be the only company to warn about higher costs.
"This is uncertainty," Sosnick said. "And uncertainty is a killer for a company, for any company."
Josh Schafer is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on X @_joshschafer.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Wednesday the central bank will 'wait for greater clarity' before considering any changes to interest rates as he expects President Trump’s tariffs to generate 'higher inflation and slower growth.'
Stalling dealmaking has dragged revenues down, and it's making some Trump-backers reconsider.
Cutting off access to his medication could have dire consequences for this San Francisco man.
(Bloomberg) -- California Governor Gavin Newsom sued to halt Donald Trump’s tariffs, setting up a high-stakes legal challenge to the president’s landmark effort to overhaul global trade. Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedDOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on LeaveLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe state is
The Trump administration plans to eliminate the IRS' Direct File program, an electronic system for filing tax returns directly to the agency for free, according to two people familiar with the decision.  The program developed during Joe Biden's presidency was credited by users with making tax filing easy, fast and economical.  The program had been in limbo since the start of the Trump administration as Elon Musk and the Department of Government Efficiency have slashed their way through the federal government.
Netflix is set to report its fiscal first quarter earnings on Thursday after the market close. Here's what to know.
The S&P 500 lost 2.2% on Wednesday, April 16, as the Federal Reserve chair discussed possible inflationary and economic consequences of tariffs.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.