Title: Dow Jones Leader McDonald's, Netflix Stock Near New Buy Points
Date: 2025-04-15 15:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/43d20ff6-b421-3ddd-aeed-f316e6433e22/dow-jones-leader-mcdonald%27s%2C.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dow Jones restaurant giant McDonald's, along with Netflix stock and MercadoLibre, are among the best stocks to watch Tuesday.
While President Donald Trump's tariffs are front and center in many investors' minds, a handful of stocks have sold off despite being relatively unaffected.  ASML (NASDAQ: ASML) and MercadoLibre (NASDAQ: MELI) are two stocks that fit this guidance.  ASML is based in the Netherlands, so avoiding tariffs may seem odd.
JPMorgan Chase Bank of America  and  Bank of New York Mellon  are seeking other ways to send sensitive information to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency due to concerns around an email hack that is still under investigation, according to people familiar with the matter.  Banks have expressed alarm about the breach and the OCC’s communication and slow response to the incident, the people said.  The OCC posted a notice about the hack on its website in February.
“Apple (AAPL) continues to dominate” when it comes to serving and exciting customers, Andy Swan, the co-founder of LikeFolio told Schwab Network recently. Swan predicted that the tech giant would launch “an incredible consumer product within the next couple of years,” adding that “we’re very bullish on Apple over the long term.” Signs of Strength […]
Nvidia slid on an H20 chip charge, hitting tech futures. The stock market is hitting resistance, but Palantir flashed a buy signal.
We recently published a list of Tech Firms Dominate Monday’s 10 Worst Performers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where C3.ai Inc. (NYSE:AI) stands against other tech firms that dominate Monday’s worst performers. Wall Street’s main indices kicked off the trading week in the green territory, albeit with minimal gains, […]
Bank of America called Netflix stock a "defensive choice" compared to other tech companies.
There are reports that the streaming pioneer has plans to reach some lofty goals.
Joel Yashinsky will build on the brand’s existing "Reclaim the Flame" plan.
We recently published a list of Top 10 Restaurant Stocks to Buy Under $20. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ARCO) stands against other top restaurant stocks to buy under $20. The Impact of Trump’s Tariffs on the Restaurant Industry Restaurant stocks are showing volatility […]
Overseas visitor numbers fell by 11.6%, with European arrivals dropping sharply.  ✈️ The picture has darkened close enough to the quarterly “quiet period” that many travel-related companies have yet to quantify the impact, but airlines Delta and Frontier pulled financial guidance.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
