Title: The Coca-Cola Company (KO): Among Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On
Date: 2025-04-09 16:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-company-ko-among-162151396.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher Asset Management. He is a world-renowned investment manager recognized for his contrarian approach and strong belief in capitalism. With an estimated net worth of more than $11.2 billion, he ranks among the world’s wealthiest billionaires. The son of famed investor Philip Fisher, also known as the “Father of Growth Investing”, he coupled his father’s growth philosophy with a data-driven value mindset. Long before he became a popular name in the financial industry, Fisher made waves in the 1980s with a revolutionary idea: utilizing the Price/Sales ratio as a major tool for spotting bargain firms. Fisher noted that earnings are frequently erratic, particularly over short periods. Companies may report lower earnings on account of temporary issues such as R&D spending or accounting adjustments. Sales, on the other hand, are more steady and offer a better understanding of a company’s business strength. Anyone that follows Fisher knows that he is one of the market’s most outspoken pundits. He thinks that, while political developments might elicit strong emotions, they rarely affect the market’s long-term direction. According to Fisher, bull markets often end as a result of either unrestrained investor enthusiasm or an unforeseen economic shock with global implications. Interestingly, his views on several subjects, notably tariffs, appear to have evolved. Fisher has previously downplayed the potential impact of President Trump’s tariffs, stating that they may not be fully enforced or be in place for as long as anticipated. He also stressed that businesses are highly adaptable to changing economic policies, which he felt may help reduce long-term harm. However, in a recent post on X, the billionaire criticized the government’s plan to impose wide tariff measures: “What Trump unveiled Wednesday is stupid, wrong, arrogantly extreme, ignorant trade-wise and addressing a non-problem with misguided tools. Yet, as near as I can tell it will fade and fail and the fear is bigger than the problem, which from here is bullish.” Over the last two years, the United States has dominated global markets, propelled by large growth stocks in the technology and technology-related communication services sectors, which accounted for more than 40% of US market capitalization, significantly exceeding the rest of the world’s 11%. These firms have greatly increased US returns, but Europe, where such equities account for less than 10% of total market capitalization, missed this edge. Europe’s rising stock presence is primarily restricted to luxury products, which struggled in 2024 as Asian buyers cut spending. As a result, Europe underperformed significantly during the two-year period, returning only 24.1% compared to the US’s 60.3%. Now, however, Europe is taking the lead, and its leading sectors—primarily value stocks linked to economic cycles rather than long-term trends—are primed to benefit, a sentiment that Ken Fisher echoes himself: “This should be the first year in quite some years where value beats growth. And as that happens, the US lags the non-US world, and particularly Europe, which is so heavily value laden. So that’s been my core forecast. That will remain my core forecast until I see some big change or something different that should make me change my mind. But I babble on these videos pretty much every month, so you can hear that if it ever happens this year. Otherwise, that’s my view. I think it’ll be another big year in the market with global 20% kind of returns.” For this article, we picked defensive companies from Fisher Asset Management’s 13F portfolio as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2024. The following firms have low beta values (<1), consistent dividend histories, and robust businesses. Additionally, we have mentioned the hedge fund sentiment around each stock, as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A row of factory workers assembling bottles of sparkling soft drinks on a conveyor belt. Beta Value: 0.46 Dividend Yield: 2.92% Fisher Asset Management’s Q4 Stake: $412.13 million Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81 The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) is a multinational beverage company that  produces, develops, and sells a broad variety of nonalcoholic beverages. Coca-Cola’s brands include Fanta, Fresca, Schweppes, Sprite, and others. In Q4 2024, the company’s revenues reached $11.5 billion, up 6.5% over the previous year. Organic revenue grew by 14%, owing to a 9% rise in price/mix and a 5% increase in concentrate sales. Moreover, The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) achieved solid cash flow, with $2.9 billion in operations and $1.6 billion in free cash flow. The company also recorded a strong adjusted operating margin of 30.7%. Piper Sandler recently boosted KO’s price target to $80, citing projections of 5-6% organic sales growth in 2025 and keeping an Overweight rating on the company. Similarly, Erste Group raised The Coca-Cola Company’s stock rating from Hold to Buy, noting solid profitability and ambitious growth prospects. Overall, KO ranks 9th on our list of defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. While we acknowledge the potential for KO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%.  If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than KO but  trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. Single-use plastic packaging continues to drive fossil fuel extraction, despite brands’ promises to cut back, according to climate group Stand.earth. The tech industry tried to cozy up to the Trump Administration in the hopes that it could avoid getting caught in the crossfire of his policy moves. But they couldn't dodge his tariffs. The sweeping tariffs imposed by the Trump administration — including a 104% duty on Chinese imports — have one analyst calling the move an “Armageddon scenario” for the U.S. technology sector. Last week's stock market sell-off was swift and brutal.  Investors wasted no time reacting negatively to President Trump's "Liberation Day" tariffs and responses from countries like China.  On April 3, the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) fell 4.8%,  the worst decline for the S&P 500 since June 11, 2020. We recently published a list of 9 AI Stocks In Focus: Tariffs and Key Updates. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other AI stocks in focus. President Donald Trump’s new tariff regimes have been introduced under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act. A 10% […] - Bond ETFs remained the best nonleveraged fund category as Trump’s tariffs sent stock prices tumbling. - Three fixed-income funds have risen on fears of inflation and a slowing economy: SGOV, BIL and SHY. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
