Title: Soda, candy may lose Arkansas food stamp coverage as soon as next year, WSJ says
Date: 2025-04-16 14:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/soda-candy-may-lose-arkansas-141019533.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Arkansas Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders is seeking clearance from the USDA to make candy and all types of soda ineligible for purchases under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, starting in July 2026 and the Agriculture Department is fast-tracking such requests from that state and others, reported The Wall Street Journal’s Laura Cooper, Kristina Peterson and Josh Dawsey. Soda, snack and candy makers include Coca-Cola (KO), PepsiCo (PEP), Keurig Dr Pepper (KDP), Hershey (HSY), Mondelez (MDLZ) and Nestle (NSRGY). Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter with Top Smart Score Stocks. Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities using  Tipranks' Stock Screener. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> See the top stocks recommended by analysts >> Read More on KO: Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue Philip Morris price target raised to $175 from $163 at BofA Citi adds two, removes two from North America Focus List Coca-Cola price target lowered to $73 from $74 at Barclays Dow Jones Index Today: Stocks Drop as Tariff Uncertainty Continues 4 Dividend Stocks that Could Be Your Life Jacket In This Manic Market The food and beverage company has taken action to address a big problem. We recently published a list of the 10 Best Dividend Monarchs to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) stands against other best dividend monarchs. Dividend-focused investors are generally well-acquainted with terms like Dividend Aristocrats and Dividend Kings, but many may not be aware […] It's safe to invest in the defensive sector stocks, such as consumer staples stocks like CSV, REED and BRBR during times of market volatility. We recently published a list of 11 Top Performing European Stocks So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC (NASDAQ:CCEP) stands against other best performing European stocks to invest in. The world economy is hanging by a thread, as the macroeconomic environment consists […] Pilgrim's Pride shows strong growth potential and attractive valuation, making it an appealing option for investors seeking value in the food sector. China's latest economic data, including GDP growth and retail sales, has exceeded expectations, despite concerns about potential impacts from US tariffs. What does PepsiCo do?  The company in question is PepsiCo (NASDAQ: PEP).  Although largely known for its namesake beverages, it operates in the beverage, snack (Frito-Lay), and packaged food (Quaker Oats) categories. Income investors that want to generate increase the yield on a defensive stock like Coke could look at a covered call trade. Oakmark Funds, advised by Harris Associates, released its “Oakmark Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The fund’s investor class returned 1.14% in the first quarter, compared to a -4.27% return for the S&P 500 Index. The fund has returned 12.76% since its inception compared to the index […] ABT delivers a strong underlying base business performance for the first quarter of 2025. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
