Title: McDonald's, Starbucks, and other US chains could face anti-American pushback, Wall Street fears
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 20-03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-starbucks-and-other-us-chains-could-face-anti-american-pushback-wall-street-fears-200300110.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
As companies scramble to respond to Trump's wide-ranging reciprocal tariffs, anti-American sentiment towards US brands is emerging as another concern.
A baseline tariff of 10% went into effect on April 5, while higher reciprocal tariffs are set to begin on April 9.
For food chains, the headwind from tariffs on commodity imports is relatively small, as many ingredients are domestically grown and most imports from Canada and Mexico are exempt under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA). But brands like McDonald's (MCD), Yum! Brands (YUM), Starbucks (SBUX), and Domino's (DPZ) have exposure to international markets that could hurt them as customers pull back, BTIG analyst Peter Saleh said.
"The bigger issue, in my mind, is the anti-American pushback in these countries on Western or US brands ... we'll see ... what companies say when they start reporting in the next couple of weeks, if they're starting to see that already," Saleh told Yahoo Finance.
Goldman Sachs estimates that foreign boycotts overall will cut US GDP by 0.1% to 0.3% this year, meaning a hit of roughly $28 billion to $83 billion.
Major fast food players were only beginning to turn the tide in their international business after the pandemic. China's "zero-COVID policy" lasted for three years, far longer than US policies. The stringent, prolonged shutdown had major implications for international sales.
Last quarter, McDonald's global same-store sales grew 0.4%, compared to the 0.91% decrease that Wall Street expected. Its US same-store sales were down 1.4% year over year, as an E. coli outbreak offset momentum in late October.
McDonald's international-owned stores saw positive same-store sales growth in the Middle East, which CFO Ian Borden attributed to the lapse of the impact of the Israeli conflict, plus growth in Japan and "encouraging signs of stabilization" in China.
Starbucks is still struggling to see a rebound in its international business. For its Q1 results, total same-store sales was down 4% year over year. International same-store sales fell 4%, and China sales dropped 6%.
Starbucks is facing a stagnant domestic economy and fierce local competition in China. CEO Brian Niccol said he visited and saw firsthand "how dynamic the market is and the opportunities ahead."
Prior to Niccol joining, the team said it was in the "very early stages" of exploring joint ventures and strategic partnerships in technology, real estate, and supply chain in the country.
For Yum China (YUMC), which separated from the US operation back in 2016, fourth quarter same-store sales fell 1% for KFC and 2% for Pizza Hut. CEO Joey Wat called it a "challenging environment" with "value-minded consumers."
Domino's global retail sales grew 4.4% in its latest quarter. CFO Sandeep Reddy told investors, "As we look ahead to 2025, we continue to believe that global retail sales growth should be generally in line with 2024."
International growth is a key component for fast food players, which have seen flagging foot traffic and appetite in the US as competition from fast casual players like Chipotle (CMG) ramp up.
McDonald's put forth aggressive growth plans at the end of 2023, including expanding to 50,000 global restaurants by 2027, the fastest pace of growth in its 68-year history. That same year, it agreed to buy back Carlyle's minority ownership stake in its China business for a reported $1.8 billion.
By 2025, Starbucks said it wanted to have 9,000 stores in China. As of the last quarter, the US and China make up 61% of the company's portfolio, with 17,049 and 7,685 stores in the two countries, respectively.
Chipotle (CMG) is also expanding its footprint. In 2023, it announced a development agreement to open restaurants in the Middle East and accelerate its international expansion efforts.
Yum! Brands' Taco Bell called international its "next growth engine" at its investor day last month, with plans to increase international store count to more than 3,000 by 2030, from 1,153 in 2024.
But there could be a major speed bump ahead.
"If the governments in those countries start to view US brands more negatively, they can slow-roll their approval process. They can deny them in certain areas, make it much more difficult for US brands to grow," Saleh said.
He added that it's "hard to assess" when it'll be the case.
"There could be some ... call it guilt by association," Tematica Research chief investment officer Chris Versace told Yahoo Finance. "The appetite for certain US brands could be diminished as a result of what we're seeing play out on the global economic and trade front."
He added, "Take a look at what we're seeing with Elon Musk and Tesla, where people are ... openly protesting, people returning their Teslas." He posed the question, "Could we see something similar unfold with other well-known US brands in foreign markets?"
—
Brooke DiPalma is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @BrookeDiPalma or email her at bdipalma@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for all of the latest retail stock news and events to better inform your investing strategy
Coca-Cola (NYSE: KO) is one of the best-known consumer staples companies on the planet and has an incredible dividend track record.  At a time of elevated market volatility, owning a stock like Coca-Cola can help investors sleep well at night.  Coca-Cola, with its namesake soda and a host of other beverage products, has a global reach and loyal customers.
The European Commission had conducted inspections at the premises of companies active in the non-alcoholic drinks sector and had also quizzed an unidentified personal care company in March over concerns of possible curbs on the trade of goods across Europe and carving up markets.  EU officials have sent over a questionnaire to P&G and are collecting evidence from competitors and customers, the Bloomberg report said.  No formal allegations have been made against Procter & Gamble.
Delta Air Lines delivered a beat on earnings per share while revenues missed analyst expectations as elements from a "slower-growth" Q1 clouded the airline's full-year guidance.
Elon Musk's disagreements with the Trump administration on tariffs have dramatically spilled into public view. It was a break that had been a long time coming.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
