Title: Bank of America's (NYSE:BAC) five-year earnings growth trails the 16% YoY shareholder returns
Date: 2025-05-06 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bank-americas-nyse-bac-five-130022646.html?.tsrc=rss

It hasn't been the best quarter forBank of America Corporation(NYSE:BAC) shareholders, since the share price has fallen 12% in that time. On the bright side the share price is up over the last half decade. However we are not very impressed because the share price is only up 82%, less than the market return of 102%. Since the stock has added US$9.0b to its market cap in the past week alone, let's see if underlying performance has been driving long-term returns. We've found 21 US stocks that are forecast to pay a dividend yield of over 6% next year. See the full list for free. To quote Buffett, 'Ships will sail around the world but the Flat Earth Society will flourish. There will continue to be wide discrepancies between price and value in the marketplace...' One way to examine how market sentiment has changed over time is to look at the interaction between a company's share price and its earnings per share (EPS). During five years of share price growth, Bank of America achieved compound earnings per share (EPS) growth of 7.2% per year. This EPS growth is lower than the 13% average annual increase in the share price. So it's fair to assume the market has a higher opinion of the business than it did five years ago. And that's hardly shocking given the track record of growth. You can see below how EPS has changed over time (discover the exact values by clicking on the image). We know that Bank of America has improved its bottom line lately, but is it going to grow revenue? You could check out thisfreereport showing analyst revenue forecasts. When looking at investment returns, it is important to consider the difference betweentotal shareholder return(TSR) andshare price return. The TSR incorporates the value of any spin-offs or discounted capital raisings, along with any dividends, based on the assumption that the dividends are reinvested. Arguably, the TSR gives a more comprehensive picture of the return generated by a stock. In the case of Bank of America, it has a TSR of 106% for the last 5 years. That exceeds its share price return that we previously mentioned. The dividends paid by the company have thusly boosted thetotalshareholder return. It's good to see that Bank of America has rewarded shareholders with a total shareholder return of 12% in the last twelve months. That's including the dividend. Having said that, the five-year TSR of 16% a year, is even better. If you would like to research Bank of America in more detail then you might want totake a look at whether insiders have been buying or selling shares in the company. For those who like to findwinning investmentsthisfreelist of undervalued companies with recent insider purchasing, could be just the ticket. Please note, the market returns quoted in this article reflect the market weighted average returns of stocks that currently trade on American exchanges. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. Bank of America (BAC) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. The tie-up leverages PayPal Enterprise Payments, transforming the way merchants approach international e-commerce. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around? If you’re looking at HE Loans or have a variable-rate line of credit, pay attention to the Fed.