Title: Bill Ackman on his move to recreate Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway
Date: 2025-05-05 18:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bill-ackman-on-his-move-to-recreate-warren-buffetts-berkshire-hathaway-185906487.html?.tsrc=rss

SANTA MONICA, Calif. — Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Though the activist turned long-term investor is hesitant to say he thinks he will be the next Oracle of Omaha. "Warren's an icon, and he deserves his own place in history," the Pershing Square CEO told Yahoo Finance at the Milken Institute Global Conference on Monday. Ackman took a big swing at being Buffett-like on Monday. Pershing Square said it will invest $900 million in real estate company Howard Hughes Holdings (HHH), giving it a 46.7% ownership stake. Ackman will become executive chairman of the company. Ryan Israel, Pershing Square's CIO (and Ackman's successor in waiting), will take on the job of Howard Hughes' CIO. The plan is to turn Howard Hughes into a diversified holding company that buys other companies to generate value for investors. If that sounds familiar, it's the model Buffett and business partner Charlie Munger pioneered decades ago. In 1965, Buffett took control of then-struggling textile manufacturer Berkshire Hathaway. Today, Berkshire is a mega-conglomerate, owning everything from the Burlington Northern railroad to large stakes in Coca-Cola (KO) and American Express (AXP). Buffett said over the weekend he will step down as CEO at the end of 2025, after 60 years at the helm. He'll hand over the reins to his hand-picked successor, Greg Abel. "We're going to start not with elephants, not rabbits, but small animals," Ackman said of his acquisition strategy for Howard Hughes. Buffett famously said years ago that he was going "elephant hunting" to unearth large takeover targets to put Berkshire Hathaway's significant cash pile to work. Buffett currently has $350 billion in cash, but he has been hesitant to pull the trigger on deals in recent years due to valuations. Ackman said he differs with Buffett when it comes to valuations, as he's willing to pay up to own faster-growth companies. "Warren loves the same kind of businesses as we do. He hasn't, I would say, generally been prepared to pay up for them. You know, he has been very, very disciplined. I'm not aware of a business he's purchased where he paid more than 10 times, basically operating earnings," Ackman noted. "I would say when we bought Chipotle (CMG), it didn't look cheap. Many companies who we invested in over time didn't look cheap at the time, but they became cheap very quickly by virtue of growth in the earnings, cash flow of the business over time. But I would say very similar principles [to Buffett] about how we think about capital allocation, how we think about incentives, how we think about the kind of people we want to do business with, the kind of people we want to partner with." Read more about what business leaders and top political figures are saying at the2025 Milken Institute Global Conference: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent aims to soothe nerves of international investors Bessent talks tariffs: China is 'biggest piece' of trade puzzle Apollo CEO: I don't agree with Warren Buffett on tariffs Brian Sozziis Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X@BrianSozzi,Instagramand onLinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance President Trump's tariffs on foreign-made auto parts began on May 3, with automakers receiving some concessions from the administration but still feeling the heat on others. Norwegian Cruise Line (NCLH) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. German sportswear brand Puma has reduced the amount of merchandise it ships to the United States from China to adapt its supply chain to tariffs, and could increase prices in the U.S., the chief financial officer said on Thursday.  Puma is in a transition period, having replaced its CEO last month after a string of profit warnings as the company struggled to drive consistent sales growth and ceded market share to rival Adidas.  It has appointed former Adidas sales chief Arthur Hoeld as CEO, who will take over on July 1. Coca-Cola (KO) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.