Title: Exxon Mobil First Quarter 2025 Earnings: EPS Beats Expectations, Revenues Lag
Date: 2025-05-08 12:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-first-quarter-2025-125738485.html?.tsrc=rss

Revenue: US$81.8b (flat on 1Q 2024). Net income: US$7.71b (down 6.2% from 1Q 2024). Profit margin: 9.4% (in line with 1Q 2024). EPS: US$1.76 (down from US$2.06 in 1Q 2024). Trump has pledged to "unleash" American oil and gas and these 15 US stocks have developments that are poised to benefit. All figures shown in the chart above are for the trailing 12 month (TTM) period Revenue missed analyst estimates by 3.4%. Earnings per share (EPS) exceeded analyst estimates by 1.1%. Looking ahead, revenue is forecast to grow 1.5% p.a. on average during the next 3 years, compared to a 3.7% growth forecast for the Oil and Gas industry in the US. Performance of theAmerican Oil and Gas industry. The company's share price is broadly unchanged from a week ago. While earnings are important, another area to consider is the balance sheet. Seeour latest analysis on Exxon Mobil's balance sheet health. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. Microsoft's Q3 shines with Azure's 33% growth and AI leadership. Strong financials and strategic vision make MSFT stock a compelling buy for investors in 2025. SHEL generates cash flow from operations of $9.3 billion, returns $2.2 billion to its shareholders through dividends and spends $3.7 billion on capital projects. Working in retirement can give you a regular paycheck to supplement your benefits.  Other government benefits can also help you cover your essential costs.  Delaying retirement is an alternative to working in retirement. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) on Wednesday inked a long-term offtake deal with Marubeni Corporation. As per the deal, Marubeni will purchase around 250,000 tonnes of low-carbon ammonia annually from ExxonMobil’s Baytown, Texas facility. This facility is projected to produce near carbon-free hydrogen, capturing approximately 98% of CO2, which will then be used to create low-carbon ammonia. Also Read: Chevron Vs. Exxon: Oil Giants Limp Into Q1 Earnings With Engines Stalling ExxonMobil’s plann ATO's fiscal second-quarter earnings and revenues increase year over year. However, operation and maintenance expenses rise during the same period. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.