Title: Exxon agrees to supply Japan's Marubeni with low-carbon ammonia
Date: 2025-05-07 21:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-agrees-supply-japans-marubeni-214306546.html?.tsrc=rss

By Sheila Dang HOUSTON (Reuters) -Exxon Mobil has signed a long-term agreement to supply 250,000 metric tons of low-carbon ammonia annually to Japanese trading house Marubeni, the U.S. oil producer said on Wednesday, representing Exxon's first signed customer agreement for its planned hydrogen facility in Baytown, Texas. The agreement is a step forward in Exxon's effort to build the world's largest low-carbon hydrogen facility at its Baytown refining and chemical complex, which has experienced delays. Hydrogen, which can be produced from natural gas, is a clean fuel that produces water when it is burned, while ammonia can be used as a carrier for hydrogen, allowing it to be shipped in liquid form. Carbon dioxide from the production of hydrogen will be captured and stored underground, the company said. "This is another positive step forward for our landmark project,” said Barry Engle, president of low carbon solutions at Exxon, in a statement. The customer agreement with Marubeni is contingent on whether Exxon makes its final investment decision to move forward with the Baytown hydrogen facility. Exxon said it expects to make that decision this year, which depends on favorable government policy and regulatory permits. Marubeni will also take an equity stake in Exxon's Baytown hydrogen facility, the companies said. An Exxon spokesperson declined to specify the percentage of the stake. (Reporting by Sheila Dang in Houston; Editing by Sonali Paul) The spotlight hit Britain on Thursday as U.S. President Donald Trump's 'major trade deal' announcement looks set to provide a major relief for UK exporters, just as the Bank of England is set to cut interest rates.  I'll get into all the market news below, and, for today's deep dive, I'll explain why Europe may be better prepared to absorb a deluge of global investment flows than many assume. TOKYO (Reuters) -Tokyo-based satellite maker Axelspace plans to list its shares as early as June, two sources said, the latest in a steady stream of domestic space startups tapping the Japanese capital markets amid mixed investor views on the sector's prospects.  Axelspace's initial public offering (IPO) is expected to be approved by the Tokyo Stock Exchange later this month, the people who had knowledge of the matter said.  If successful, it would be the fifth such listing of a Japanese spacecraft venture over the last two years. TFS Financial (TFSL) shares have started gaining and might continue moving higher in the near term, as indicated by solid earnings estimate revisions. Novavax on Thursday tried to calm investors spooked by the delay of full approval of its COVID vaccine shot by U.S. regulators saying that it sees a pathway to resolving issues with the FDA, sending shares up nearly 19% in early trading.  The vaccine maker said it believes commitments to run new trials would be after it receives approval for the shot.  The vaccine's prospects were thrown into doubt after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration missed its April 1 target to approve the shot. We came across a bullish thesis on AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ABBV. AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)’s share was trading at $198.47 as of May 2nd. ABBV’s trailing and forward P/E were 84.82 and 16.34 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. AbbVie (ABBV) delivered a strong […] Oil prices rose around 3% on Thursday, buoyed by hopes of a breakthrough in looming trade talks between the U.S. and China, the world's two largest oil consumers.  Brent crude futures settled up $1.72, or 2.8%, at $62.84 a barrel.  U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent will meet with China's top economic official on May 10 in Switzerland for negotiations over a trade war that is disrupting the global economy. SINGAPORE (Reuters) -Recent U.S. sanctions on two small Chinese refiners for buying Iranian oil have created difficulties receiving crude and led them to sell product under other names, sources familiar with the matter said, evidence of the disruption that Washington's stepped-up pressure is inflicting on Tehran's biggest oil buyer.  The targeting of independent refiners, known as teapots, marked an escalation in Washington's efforts to cut off Tehran's export revenue as President Donald Trump seeks to pressure Iran into a deal over its nuclear programme.  Washington's sanctions against Shandong Shouguang Luqing Petrochemical in March and Shandong Shengxing Chemical in April have also begun to deter other, larger independent Chinese refiners from buying Iranian crude, three of the sources said. The Zacks Style Scores offers investors a way to easily find top-rated stocks based on their investing style. Here's why you should take advantage. (Reuters) -Cheniere Energy, the largest U.S. liquefied natural gas exporter, beat first-quarter estimates for core profit and revenue on Thursday, helped by rising prices for the superchilled gas as demand increased.  The U.S. is the world's top exporter of LNG and commercial activity in the sector has gained further momentum following President Donald Trump's lifting in January of a moratorium on new export permits.  Cheniere said first-quarter adjusted core profit, or EBITDA, rose 6% to $1.87 billion versus last year, which also beat  analysts' average estimate of $1.64 billion, based on LSEG data. Greycroft co-founder and managing partner Dana Settle discusses the rethink on tech stocks amid Trump tariffs.