Title: Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is Attracting Investor Attention: Here is What You Should Know
Date: 2025-05-06 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-attracting-130015490.html?.tsrc=rss

Exxon Mobil(XOM) is one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com visitors lately. So, it might be a good idea to review some of the factors that might affect the near-term performance of the stock. Over the past month, shares of this oil and natural gas company have returned +0.3%, compared to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +11.5% change. During this period, the Zacks Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry, which Exxon falls in, has lost 2.3%. The key question now is: What could be the stock's future direction? While media releases or rumors about a substantial change in a company's business prospects usually make its stock 'trending' and lead to an immediate price change, there are always some fundamental facts that eventually dominate the buy-and-hold decision-making. Rather than focusing on anything else, we at Zacks prioritize evaluating the change in a company's earnings projection. This is because we believe the fair value for its stock is determined by the present value of its future stream of earnings. Our analysis is essentially based on how sell-side analysts covering the stock are revising their earnings estimates to take the latest business trends into account. When earnings estimates for a company go up, the fair value for its stock goes up as well. And when a stock's fair value is higher than its current market price, investors tend to buy the stock, resulting in its price moving upward. Because of this, empirical studies indicate a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and short-term stock price movements. For the current quarter, Exxon is expected to post earnings of $1.65 per share, indicating a change of -22.9% from the year-ago quarter. The Zacks Consensus Estimate has changed -9.5% over the last 30 days. The consensus earnings estimate of $6.53 for the current fiscal year indicates a year-over-year change of -16.2%. This estimate has changed -8.6% over the last 30 days. For the next fiscal year, the consensus earnings estimate of $8.03 indicates a change of +22.9% from what Exxon is expected to report a year ago. Over the past month, the estimate has changed -7%. Having a strong externally audited track record, our proprietary stock rating tool, the Zacks Rank, offers a more conclusive picture of a stock's price direction in the near term, since it effectively harnesses the power of earnings estimate revisions. Due to the size of the recent change in the consensus estimate, along with three other factors related to earnings estimates, Exxon is rated Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). The chart below shows the evolution of the company's forward 12-month consensus EPS estimate: Even though a company's earnings growth is arguably the best indicator of its financial health, nothing much happens if it cannot raise its revenues. It's almost impossible for a company to grow its earnings without growing its revenue for long periods. Therefore, knowing a company's potential revenue growth is crucial. For Exxon, the consensus sales estimate for the current quarter of $84.62 billion indicates a year-over-year change of -9.1%. For the current and next fiscal years, $337.75 billion and $350.22 billion estimates indicate -3.4% and +3.7% changes, respectively. Exxon reported revenues of $83.13 billion in the last reported quarter, representing a year-over-year change of +0.1%. EPS of $1.76 for the same period compares with $2.06 a year ago. Compared to the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $84.15 billion, the reported revenues represent a surprise of -1.22%. The EPS surprise was +1.15%. The company beat consensus EPS estimates in each of the trailing four quarters. The company topped consensus revenue estimates just once over this period. Without considering a stock's valuation, no investment decision can be efficient. In predicting a stock's future price performance, it's crucial to determine whether its current price correctly reflects the intrinsic value of the underlying business and the company's growth prospects. While comparing the current values of a company's valuation multiples, such as price-to-earnings (P/E), price-to-sales (P/S) and price-to-cash flow (P/CF), with its own historical values helps determine whether its stock is fairly valued, overvalued, or undervalued, comparing the company relative to its peers on these parameters gives a good sense of the reasonability of the stock's price. As part of the Zacks Style Scores system, the Zacks Value Style Score (which evaluates both traditional and unconventional valuation metrics) organizes stocks into five groups ranging from A to F (A is better than B; B is better than C; and so on), making it helpful in identifying whether a stock is overvalued, rightly valued, or temporarily undervalued. Exxon is graded C on this front, indicating that it is trading at par with its peers. Click here to see the values of some of the valuation metrics that have driven this grade. The facts discussed here and much other information on Zacks.com might help determine whether or not it's worthwhile paying attention to the market buzz about Exxon. However, its Zacks Rank #3 does suggest that it may perform in line with the broader market in the near term. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research BMW is navigating the fog of tariffs differently —including making an assumption they will partially lift.  The German carmaker reiterated Wednesday expectations for its 2025 financial performance that it first laid out in mid-March.  BMW shares rose in Frankfurt, though that also reflected the company's better-than-expected first-quarter results. We recently published a list of Energy Stocks that are Losing This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coterra Energy Inc. (NYSE:CTRA) stands against other energy stocks that are declining this week. The energy sector suffered a massive blow this week after the West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude price […] As PBR gears up to report Q1 earnings on May 12, let's find out how the expectations stack up. Also, know how to play the stock ahead of results. ExxonMobil stock took a hit as crude oil prices plunged to nearly four-year lows in April.  The oil stock, however, made a sharp U-turn in April to give up all of those Q1 gains, and then some -- it fell 11.2% during the month, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  What triggered the reversal in ExxonMobil stock? While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.