Title: ExxonMobil Inks Low-Carbon Ammonia Supply Deal With Marubeni
Date: 2025-05-08 17:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxonmobil-inks-low-carbon-ammonia-172700892.html?.tsrc=rss

Exxon Mobil CorporationXOM, the U.S.-based oil and gas giant, has inked a long-term agreement with Japanese trading house, Marubeni, for the supply of low-carbon ammonia. This also marks ExxonMobil’s first customer agreement related to its planned hydrogen facility, located in Baytown, TX. Per the terms of the agreement, XOM will supply Marubeni with 250,000 metric tons per year of low-carbon ammonia. The Japanese trading house has also agreed to acquire a stake in the Baytown hydrogen facility. However, the companies have not specified the details regarding the percentage of stake to be acquired. ExxonMobil’s agreement with Marubeni is subject to the U.S. energy giant making a final investment decision (FID) on the construction of its planned hydrogen facility. The agreement notably advances ExxonMobil’s plans to develop the largest low-carbon hydrogen facility at its chemical complex in Baytown. Despite facing setbacks that led to delays in the project's advancement, the company noted that the new customer agreement is a major positive for the development of this low-carbon energy project. Hydrogen, which could be produced with the help of natural gas (also known as blue hydrogen), renders a clean-burning fuel that releases water when burned. However, there are difficulties associated with the direct transportation of hydrogen. As such, ammonia can be used as a carrier for hydrogen, enabling it to be shipped over long distances in a liquid form. To ensure that the project aligns with XOM’s low-carbon initiatives, the carbon dioxide from the production process shall be captured and stored in underground storage units. ExxonMobil’s low-carbon hydrogen facility in Baytown is expected to be the world’s largest facility of this kind, with the capability to produce approximately 1 billion cubic feet per day (Bcf/d) of low-carbon hydrogen. The customer agreement marks a key step forward in the company’s efforts to develop low-carbon energy solutions. The company has stated that it plans to take an FID related to the development of this project within this year. However, the decision is contingent upon supportive government policies and the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. XOM currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Some better-ranked stocks from the energy sector areArchrock Inc.AROC,Diversified Energy Company plcDEC andGalp Energia SGPS SAGLPEY. While Archrock currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), Diversified Energy and Galp Energia carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) each.You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Archrock is an energy infrastructure company based in the United States with a focus on midstream natural gas compression. It provides natural gas contract compression services and generates stable fee-based revenues. With natural gas playing an increasingly important role in the energy transition journey, AROC is expected to witness sustained demand for its services. Diversified Energy Company is an independent oil and natural gas producer in the United States. The company is primarily engaged in the production, transportation, and marketing of natural gas and natural gas liquids. The rising demand for natural gas as a cleaner burning fuel and an uptick in the commodity’s prices is expected to positively impact the company’s bottom line. Galp Energia is a Portuguese energy company, engaged in exploration and production activities. The company’s oil exploration efforts have yielded positive results, particularly with the Mopane discovery in the Orange Basin, offshore Namibia. After the initial exploration phase, Galp had estimated that the Mopane prospect could hold nearly 10 billion barrels of oil. This discovery allows Galp to diversify its global presence with the potential to become a significant oil producer in the region. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Diversified Energy Company PLC (DEC) : Free Stock Analysis Report Galp Energia SGPS SA (GLPEY) : Free Stock Analysis Report Archrock, Inc. (AROC) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Palo Alto Networks (PANW) closed at $188.14 in the latest trading session, marking a -0.29% move from the prior day. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) on Wednesday inked a long-term offtake deal with Marubeni Corporation. As per the deal, Marubeni will purchase around 250,000 tonnes of low-carbon ammonia annually from ExxonMobil’s Baytown, Texas facility. This facility is projected to produce near carbon-free hydrogen, capturing approximately 98% of CO2, which will then be used to create low-carbon ammonia. Also Read: Chevron Vs. Exxon: Oil Giants Limp Into Q1 Earnings With Engines Stalling ExxonMobil’s plann OVV expects total production of 595-615 MBOE/d, with oil and condensate at 202-208 Mbbls/d and NGLs at 87-92 Mbbls/d for full-year 2025. While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Cenovus (CVE) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values. (Bloomberg) -- Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign Tourists Due to Trump PoliciesUnder relentless attack from President Donald Trump, Jerome Powell needs all the allies he can get — and he has plenty in Congress, including among Republicans who MKSI's first-quarter 2025 results reflect strength in the Semiconductor and Electronics & Packaging market amid sluggish Specialty Industrial demand. WBD's first-quarter 2025 results reflect sluggishness in overall advertising and distribution revenues. Investors need to pay close attention to UMH Properties (UMH) stock based on the movements in the options market lately. Let us delve deeper to find out what to do with CME stock now. A data-dependent approach might leave the central bank playing catch-up.