Title: Chevron & Exxon are down this year: What to do with each stock
Date: 2025-05-06 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/chevron-exxon-down-stock-100028909.html?.tsrc=rss

Exxon (XOM) and Chevron (CVX) stocks have slumped over the past year as both companies navigate weaker oil (CL=F,BZ=F) prices and diverging capital strategies. CFRA research energy equity analyst and deputy research director Stewart Glickman breaks down the outlook for each stock. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealthhere. Exxon and Chevron are both in the red over the past year. Both reported quarterly results last week, with Chevron cutting share buybacks amid a broader pullback in oil prices. Meanwhile, Exxon is sticking with its buyback plan of nearly $5 billion in shares per quarter. We want to break down these two stocks, the challenges facing each, and what you should do with them if you're an investor. Here with us now, we've got Stuart Glickman, CFRA Research Energy Equity Analyst and Deputy Research Director. Great to have you on with us today. Let's perhaps start with Chevron, Stuart. Why is the stock in the red, and what is the bull-bear case here? Hi, Brad, thanks for having me. So, I think the bull case for Chevron: they have some nice assets in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico; they're growing pretty extensively in the Permian Basin like Exxon is. So, both of those things are pluses. The Gulf of Mexico is a longer-cycle kind of play. Permian is a little more short-cycle, so they have a nice balance between the two. Now, for the challenges with Chevron. Number one: they have a joint venture in Kazakhstan, Tengi Chevron Oil, which, you know, has done an expansion but was very delayed, over budget; that has caused problems. It looks like they're starting to get to the bottom of those problems, but it's been a long time coming. Secondly, their earnings on the upstream have actually trailed those of Exxon, at least in the last quarter. They really didn't do as nearly as good a job as Exxon did in the quarter on their operating income per barrel. And third, and probably the most important thing that's an overhang on the stock, you have this legal rock fight over Hess' 30% stake in Guyana because Chevron has, of course, offered to buy Hess completely. Exxon is saying they have a right of first refusal over that 30% stake in Guyana, and Guyana is absolutely the crown jewel in Hess. So, Chevron, if it can't win that court battle, and probably we're going to get to a resolution towards the end of this year, Hess is much less attractive without Guyana in it. So, let's talk about Exxon. Why is it in the red over the past year, and what are the cases for the animal spirits surrounding that stock? Right. So, you know, Exxon and Chevron, and everybody else in the oil space, is beholden to what happens with oil prices. So, oil prices averaged $77 a barrel for WTI. Today, we're trading at around $57. When we entered the year, I thought that WTI probably would average about $65 a barrel. I've been underweight energy since August of last year. But there are reasons to like Exxon. Exxon has a 45% stake in that Guyana project that Hess owns 30% of. It is far and away one of the biggest contributors to incremental volume growth for Exxon. Even for a company of their size, it actually does move the needle. Exxon has done a better job than Chevron at generating return on invested capital over the years. Their balance sheet is a fortress; net debt to cap is around 7% right now. Chevron's is pretty good too, but Chevron's is around 14%. And Exxon has really kind of shied away from a lot of the renewable energy investments that many other super majors pursued, and I think the proof has been in the pudding: their returns have been better than companies like a BP, for example, which has struggled. HOUSTON (Reuters) -Exxon Mobil has signed a long-term agreement to supply 250,000 metric tons of low-carbon ammonia annually to Japanese trading house Marubeni, the U.S. oil producer said on Wednesday, representing Exxon's first signed customer agreement for its planned hydrogen facility in Baytown, Texas.  The agreement is a step forward in Exxon's effort to build the world's largest low-carbon hydrogen facility at its Baytown refining and chemical complex, which has experienced delays.  "This is another positive step forward for our landmark project,” said Barry Engle, president of low carbon solutions at Exxon, in a statement. Alex Mashinsky, the founder and former chief executive of bankruptcy cryptocurrency lender Celsius Network, was sentenced on Thursday to 12 years in prison after pleading guilty in December to securities fraud and commodities fraud.  Mashinsky's sentence was imposed by U.S. District Judge John Koeltl in Manhattan, and is among the longest in a criminal case arising from the 2022 meltdown in cryptocurrency markets. We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […] We recently published a list of Billionaire Louis Bacon’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Fluor Corporation (NYSE:FLR) stands against Billionaire Louis Bacon’s other stock picks with huge upside potential. Louis Moore Bacon is the founder, Chairman, and principal investment manager of Moore […] Monica Defend, Amundi Investment Institute head, discusses the situation in equity and currency markets in Europe and in the United States. "The US equity market will stay exceptional just because they have this pretty thing that is called technology, and technology will be the long-term win for the US economy and the stock market," she says. "When you go to fixed income, probably is more clear that the European market is more appetible than the US market," Defend tells Bloomberg Television. Kate Moore, CIO of Citi Wealth, says now is not the time to add risk because there's so much uncertainty around economic policy and tariffs. Moore talks about the impact of President Donald Trump's policy changes on markets and investors. She speaks to Bloomberg from the Milken Conference. We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of […] While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...