Title: Analyst Estimates: Here's What Brokers Think Of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) After Its First-Quarter Report
Date: 2025-05-06 10:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/analyst-estimates-heres-brokers-think-103234535.html?.tsrc=rss

Exxon Mobil Corporation(NYSE:XOM) shareholders are probably feeling a little disappointed, since its shares fell 4.9% to US$103 in the week after its latest quarterly results. Results look mixed - while revenue fell marginally short of analyst estimates at US$83b, statutory earnings were in line with expectations, at US$1.76 per share. This is an important time for investors, as they can track a company's performance in its report, look at what experts are forecasting for next year, and see if there has been any change to expectations for the business. So we gathered the latest post-earnings forecasts to see what estimates suggest is in store for next year. This technology could replace computers: discover the 20 stocks are working to make quantum computing a reality. Taking into account the latest results, Exxon Mobil's 20 analysts currently expect revenues in 2025 to be US$346.8b, approximately in line with the last 12 months. Statutory earnings per share are expected to descend 10% to US$6.89 in the same period. Yet prior to the latest earnings, the analysts had been anticipated revenues of US$331.6b and earnings per share (EPS) of US$6.64 in 2025. It looks like there's been a modest increase in sentiment following the latest results, withthe analysts becoming a bit more optimistic in their predictions for both revenues and earnings. See our latest analysis for Exxon Mobil Despite these upgrades,the analysts have not made any major changes to their price target of US$124, suggesting that the higher estimates are not likely to have a long term impact on what the stock is worth. There's another way to think about price targets though, and that's to look at the range of price targets put forward by analysts, because a wide range of estimates could suggest a diverse view on possible outcomes for the business. There are some variant perceptions on Exxon Mobil, with the most bullish analyst valuing it at US$140 and the most bearish at US$93.00 per share. These price targets show that analysts do have some differing views on the business, but the estimates do not vary enough to suggest to us that some are betting on wild success or utter failure. Of course, another way to look at these forecasts is to place them into context against theindustryitself. We would highlight that Exxon Mobil's revenue growth is expected to slow, with the forecast 2.2% annualised growth rate until the end of 2025 being well below the historical 12% p.a. growth over the last five years. Compare this against other companies (with analyst forecasts) in the industry, which are in aggregate expected to see revenue growth of 3.8% annually. So it's pretty clear that, while revenue growth is expected to slow down, the wider industry is also expected to grow faster than Exxon Mobil. The most important thing here is that the analysts upgraded their earnings per share estimates, suggesting that there has been a clear increase in optimism towards Exxon Mobil following these results. They also upgraded their revenue estimates for next year, even though it is expected to grow slower than the wider industry. The consensus price target held steady at US$124, with the latest estimates not enough to have an impact on their price targets. Following on from that line of thought, we think that the long-term prospects of the business are much more relevant than next year's earnings. We have forecasts for Exxon Mobil going out to 2027, and you cansee them free on our platform here. You can also view our analysis of Exxon Mobil's balance sheet, and whether we think Exxon Mobil is carrying too much debt, for freeon our platform here. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. SHEL generates cash flow from operations of $9.3 billion, returns $2.2 billion to its shareholders through dividends and spends $3.7 billion on capital projects. Here's a preview of what to expect from energy stocks LNG, CNQ, CVE and BRY ahead of their quarterly earnings reports, set to be released tomorrow. HOUSTON (Reuters) -Exxon Mobil has signed a long-term agreement to supply 250,000 metric tons of low-carbon ammonia annually to Japanese trading house Marubeni, the U.S. oil producer said on Wednesday, representing Exxon's first signed customer agreement for its planned hydrogen facility in Baytown, Texas.  The agreement is a step forward in Exxon's effort to build the world's largest low-carbon hydrogen facility at its Baytown refining and chemical complex, which has experienced delays.  "This is another positive step forward for our landmark project,” said Barry Engle, president of low carbon solutions at Exxon, in a statement. The investment, from Q2 2025 to 2027, will focus on revitalising the Usan deep-water oilfield. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.