Jim Cramer Asks of Apple (AAPL)_ “Why Are They Being Punished_ What Did They Do Wrong_”
2025-04-14 19:28
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-asks-apple-aapl-192820453.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer suggested the recent tariffs might not simply be about economic leverage. He hinted at a deeper agenda within parts of the administration that goes beyond trade policy:“There’s plenty of sense that something’s going to happen that’s going to take this away. In fact, just because of what we saw the other day with it going to 10 percent, I don’t see that at all. I think these are very different kinds of tariffs. I mean, this is a tariff where I think there’s some people with the administration who actually ultimately have a goal of regime change.“READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks and Jim Cramer Questions Market Logic and Dissects These 7 Key Stocks Discussing the likelihood of a negotiated settlement between Washington and Beijing, Cramer expressed deep skepticism that China would retreat under pressure. Instead, he described a Chinese leadership that had long prepared for confrontation:“When do the Chinese back down? Right now they’re not, but I don’t know. I think the Chinese have been ready for this since first Trump. I think that they are ready for tariffs. I think they’re going to build coalitions worldwide. I do not think they’re paper tigers. I think that they’re a strong country and they’re ready. They’re ready for the fight. And I’m afraid that we have many divisions that were behind enemy lines before this war started, including Apple.”To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 11th.For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 166Once again, Cramer expressed deep concern over Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), calling attention to the company’s vulnerability in China. He framed Apple not only as a target of tariffs but as collateral damage in a broader geopolitical battle between the U.S. and China. He repeatedly questioned why American companies like Apple were being punished while foreign competitors like Huawei and Samsung stood to benefit. Here are his remarks:“And I think that one of the things that’s happening is that people are just saying, look, it’s too crazy. I mean, Apple was up. Now, I could argue that Apple shouldn’t have ever been up, but Apple’s come down. There’s a sense that, like, OK, this thing may be for real. And if it’s real, then how can you own Apple? Why not go buy Samsung?Overall, AAPL ranks 5th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AAPL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.Apple and other companies might have a chance to negotiate tariff exemptions, potentially in exchange for U.S. manufacturing commitments.Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in.We recently published a list of 10 Best Hardware Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Dell Technologies Inc. (NYSE:DELL) stands against other best hardware stocks to buy now. Are the Tariffs Impacting PC Shipments? The computer hardware industry comprises personal computers, PC peripherals, storage devices, […]On Friday the Trump administration paused its new taxes on electronics imported into the U.S. — signaling some relief from trade wars that have particularly escalated with China, a major exporter of technology from smartphones to laptops.  Here's what we know.  Are electronics exempt from Trump's newest tariffs?The military alliance will use Palantir’s Maven Smart System to modernize its war-fighting capabilities.Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has managed to dodge a potential disaster as its key consumer electronics have been exempted from the 125% tariffs on goods manufactured in China by President Donald Trump. What Happened: The tariff exemption announced by President Trump on Friday night encompasses iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, and AirTags. Furthermore, the 10% tariff on goods imported from other countries has been waived off for these products. Despite the possibility of a new, lower sectoral tarEvery investor wishes they bought Apple in the 1990s. However, you would still have realized a substantial return if you had bought Apple during the Great Recession or even five years ago. No investor...Shares of Apple and Dell Technologies rise after the Trump administration exempts smartphones, computers, memory chips, and other electronics from broad tariffs, Nvidia will for the first time make artificial-intelligence supercomputers entirely in the United States, and Goldman Sachs reports better-than-expected first-quarter earnings.Shares in U.S. technology companies Apple and Nvidia climbed in premarket trading, boosted by the U.S. administration's temporary exemption from the so-called reciprocal tariffs for some tech products.(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump’s tariff exclusions for smartphones and other tech products have added to a growing set of confusing signals for companies and trading partners digesting how to engage a White House still promising to negotiate dozens of new deals in America’s favor.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon MayorTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
