Why Palantir, Apple, and Micron Rallied Monday
2025-04-14 16:36
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/14/why-palantir-apple-and-micron-rallied-monday/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=e9288df6-5f31-4d6b-b382-c4f15821d69c&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Key PointsInvestors got some tech-centric good news on the tariff front.The continuing threat of a far-reaching trade war and on-again, off-again tariffs has sparked historic volatility in the stock market in recent weeks. The dour mood resulting from ongoing correction has been offset by waves of euphoria, with investors latching onto any positive developments to bid up stocks from recent lows. A bit of good news over the weekend sparked a broad-based rally to kick off the week.With that as a backdrop, artificial intelligence (AI) specialist Palantir Technologies (PLTR 4.48%) surged 4.6%, semiconductor supplier Micron Technology (MU 2.11%) jumped 2.6%, and iPhone maker Apple (AAPL 2.19%) rallied 2.4%, as of 11:52 a.m. ET on Monday.Image source: Getty Images.A memo was released by U.S. Customs and Border Protection late Friday, which granted a temporary exclusion from the 145% tariffs on certain electronics from China. The excluded products included smartphones, semiconductors, and chipmaking equipment. The move appeared to be a step in the right direction, as investors have feared that a protracted and far-reaching trade war could stifle the adoption of AI.In response to this move, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives said that by taking this step, the White House "took the doomsday scenario off the table, and tech stocks will rally tomorrow as investors can now breathe a sigh of relief."The certainty was short-lived, as the Trump administration appeared to backpedal in the days that followed. In an interview this weekend, Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick said the exemption was only temporary, and tariffs would be hitting electronics over the next couple of months, which would include smartphones and computers.President Trump sought to clarify his stance Monday morning, saying these products would not be exempted, but instead, "they are just moving to a different Tariff 'bucket.'"In a bit of late-breaking company-specific news this morning, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) announced in a press release that it had finalized the acquisition of Palantir's Maven Smart System, which would be deployed at NATO's Allied Command Operations military headquarters. The announcement noted that the sale was completed on March 25.
Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE) and NATO are using Palantir's system as a springboard to adopt a range of state-of-the-art systems, "including new, emerging AI models, and modeling and simulation."Some investors feared that Palantir's future results could be negatively affected by spending cuts by the U.S. Department of Defense. However, the ongoing push for more efficient and effective warfighting capabilities by the U.S. and its allies suggests that Palantir could actually be a beneficiary of the modernization efforts by replacing antiquated systems with cutting-edge upgrades.While the AI revolution has been front and center for a couple of years, many believe it's still very early in the overall integration of the technology, and each of our trio of stocks is well-positioned to benefit from these secular tailwinds:Some investors fear that a protracted trade war and far-reaching tariffs could stifle AI adoption by significantly increasing the cost of the semiconductors and supplementary products fueling these systems. That said, continuing innovation in the space will likely continue to drive the adoption of AI higher and benefit our trio of companies.From a valuation perspective, Palantir is still pricey at 165 times forward earnings. However, Apple and Micron are attractively priced, selling for 28 times and 10 times forward earnings, respectively. Before you buy stock in Palantir Technologies, consider this:The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Palantir Technologies wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $495,226!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $679,900!*Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 796% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 155% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.See the 10 stocks ›*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025Danny Vena has positions in Apple and Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple and Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.Learn more ›Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.Stocks Mentioned*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.Related ArticlesMotley Fool ReturnsMarket-beating stocks from our flagship service.Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/14/2025.Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.About The Motley FoolOur ServicesAround the GlobeFree ToolsAffiliates & Friends