Title: Apple leads tech stocks higher on Trump's temporary tech tariff reprieve
Date: 2025-04-14 12:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-leads-tech-stocks-higher-on-trumps-temporary-tech-tariff-reprieve-125423982.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Apple (AAPL) led the "Magnificent Seven" stocks higher Monday as investors cheered the Trump administration's temporary tariff exemptions for tech products announced over the weekend. US Customs and Border Protection issued regulations late Friday exempting consumer electronics, networking equipment, and computing products — including GPUs and servers — from reciprocal tariffs. Taken together, the products represent $340 billion in global imports, with China accounting for $100 billion of the exclusions, Bernstein analyst Stacy Rasgon wrote in an analysis early Monday. Apple stock rose over 2%. The exemptions cover almost all of its products — smartphones, personal computers, tablets, smartwatches, and other accessories, according to Citi analyst Atif Malik. Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs Google (GOOG) gained more than 1% Monday. Nvidia (NVDA) stock jumped as much as 3%, but later reversed direction. The tech-heavy Nasdaq (^IXIC) rose 0.6% Monday afternoon. Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet On April 2, Trump announced global reciprocal tariffs, including levies of 34% and 46% on imports from Taiwan and Vietnam, respectively, which will go into effect on April 9. The president instead announced a 90-day pause on the reciprocal tariff plan last Wednesday — with the exception of a 145% reciprocal tariff on Chinese imports. Trump also left in place a 10% global baseline tariff effective April 5. On Sunday, however, Trump said the tech exemptions were a temporary measure, telling reporters aboard Air Force One Sunday: "The tariffs will be in place in the not distant future because as with steel, like we did with automobiles, like we did with aluminum — which are now fully on — we'll be doing that with semiconductors, with chips, and numerous other things." "That'll take place in the very near future," Trump said, adding that semiconductor tariffs will be announced "over the next week." Wedbush analyst Dan Ives wrote that the confusing messaging was an overall good sign for the tech industry, writing in a note to investors late Sunday: "Overall, we view the dizzying weekend tariff news as a step forward net positive for Apple as well as other tech names at it gives some flexibility and allows for China negotiations to hopefully take place in the coming months which could deescalate some tariff/trade war issues with Big Tech caught in the middle." The Magnificent Seven tech stocks suffered major losses following the April 2 announcement of Trump's reciprocal tariff plan, at one point shedding a cumulative $2 trillion from their market capitalizations. These stocks quickly reversed some of these losses after Trump issued a 90-day pause on the tariffs, leaving 10% global duties in their place. Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Oil prices are forecast to continue falling in 2025, but the drop will need to be even more dramatic than expected for the Trump administration to step in and support markets. The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up. A weaker-than-expected revenue report was the news item driving down LVMH Moët Hennessy -- Louis Vuitton's (OTC: LVMUY) American depositary shares (ADS) on Monday.  On Sunday, LVMH published details of its first-quarter revenue, showing that its total top line for the period was just over 20.3 billion euros ($23.1 billion).  Fashion and leather goods, by far its most significant in terms of revenue, was buffeted by a 5% decline from the first-quarter 2024 result, bringing in $11.5 billion. Palantir (NASDAQ: PLTR) stock posted big gains in Monday's trading.  The software company's share price closed out the daily session up 4.6% and had been up as much as 9.9% earlier in the session.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite closed out the day up 0.7% and 0.6%, respectively. Learn more about how to get an extension on your federal taxes and what a tax extension does and doesn’t do. General Motors is temporarily laying off hundreds of workers at plants in Detroit and Ingersoll, Ontario. The post GM temporarily lays off 700 workers at US, Canadian factories appeared first on FreightWaves. Apple, Nvidia and other tech company stocks rebounded on Monday, after the Trump administration said tariffs affecting the electronics industry on products like smartphones are coming later. Growth investors are racing to find the next Nvidia.  While there are some distinct differences, SoundHound AI (NASDAQ: SOUN) has one major similarity to Nvidia.  The latter's rise, especially in recent years, is fueled by the rise of artificial intelligence (AI). In the latest trading session, Qualcomm (QCOM) closed at $139.19, marking a -0.04% move from the previous day. (Bloomberg) -- Wall Street on Monday finally caught a respite from the deep selloffs and unusually sharp swings that have raced through markets ever since President Donald Trump unleashed his global trade war. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThat was most evident in th Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
