Title: AMD Powers Google Cloud's New AI Servers Promising 80% Boost In Speed
Date: 2025-04-09 19:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amd-powers-google-clouds-ai-191122189.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc (NASDAQ:AMD) on Wednesday announced the new Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Cloud C4D and H4D virtual machines (VMs), which fifth-generation AMD EPYC processors power. The latest additions to Google Cloud’s general-purpose and HPC-optimized VMs deliver leadership performance, scalability, and efficiency, from data analytics and web serving to high-performance computing (HPC) and AI. Based on Google Cloud’s testing, leveraging the advancements of the AMD “Zen 5” architecture allowed C4D to deliver up to 80% higher throughput/vCPU compared to previous generations. Also Read: Nvidia’s Custom GPU Enhances Nintendo Switch 2 With AI Features, Real-Time Ray Tracing, 4K Support AMD SVP Dan McNamara noted that its partnership with Google Cloud enabled it to rapidly adopt the latest AMD EPYC processors and deliver consistent high-performance and cost-efficient instances for its most demanding customers. Google Cloud VP Mark Lohmeyer noted that C4D and H4D instances powered by AMD EPYC processors can help businesses benefit from advanced performance and efficiency tailored to their cloud-native and enterprise applications. AMD stock plunged 52% in the last 12 months as it battled with Nvidia Corp (NASDAQ:NVDA) for market share. Wedbush analyst Daniel Ives cited AMD as among the vulnerable tech companies, including Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Nvidia, after China’s finance ministry announced a 34% tariff on all goods imported from the U.S., effective April 10, in response to the U.S. administration’s 54% duties imposed by the Trump-led administration. Jefferies analysts expect the tariffs to continue to put downward pressure on semiconductor stocks, including AMD. DA Davidson’s Gil Luria highlighted that companies like Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) have already begun to scale back their data center investments due to financial uncertainty. President Trump’s sweeping new trade tariffs sparked a dramatic sell-off last Thursday. Wall Street witnessed a staggering $2 trillion wiped from market value, with the 10 largest U.S. companies alone accounting for $1 trillion of those losses. Price Action: AMD stock is up 20.10% at $93.96 at the last check on Wednesday. Read Next: Taiwan Semiconductor Stock Tumbles As Tariff Fears Spark Global Tech Selloff Photo via Shutterstock Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? ALPHABET (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis Report ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES (AMD): Free Stock Analysis Report This article AMD Powers Google Cloud's New AI Servers Promising 80% Boost In Speed originally appeared on Benzinga.com © 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Both Advanced Micro Devices and AVGO offer semiconductor chips that power AI. Which stock is a better buy for investors in a challenging macro backdrop? Las Vegas (Reuters) -Alphabet reiterated on Wednesday it would spend about $75 billion this year to build out data center capacity, doubling down on its generative AI bet even as the payoff remains unclear and a global trade war threatens to raise costs.  The investment would fund the chips and servers needed to burnish its core offerings, including Search, while supporting the development of AI services such as its Gemini model, CEO Sundar Pichai said at the annual conference for Google's cloud computing unit.  Alphabet's shares closed nearly 10% higher on Wednesday amid a big upward swing in markets after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower the hefty duties he had just imposed on dozens of countries, while further ramping up tariff pressure on China. When stocks started tanking last week, investors in the biggest leveraged exchange-traded funds doubled down.  Investors plowed a net $3.4 billion into the ProShares UltraPro QQQ ETF from Thursday to Tuesday, according to FactSet, including a record high $1.8 billion on Monday alone.  The fund seeks to triple the daily performance of the Nasdaq-100 index, up or down. The planned American export controls on the chips — the most advanced AI processor legally available in China under U.S. export controls — had been in the works for months, NPR reported, citing two sources, and were ready to be implemented as soon as this week.  The change in plans came after Nvidia promised the Trump administration new U.S. investments in AI data centers, the NPR report said.  The White House and Nvidia did not immediately respond to Reuters' requests for comment. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
