Title: Sector Update_ Energy Stocks Decline Premarket Tuesday
Date: 2025-04-15 13:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sector-energy-stocks-decline-premarket-132049312.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Energy stocks declined premarket Tuesday with the Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLE) down 0.2% rec
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) lifted its full-year operational and reported sales outlook on Tuesday as th
Goldman Sachs secured the top position by deal value, by advising on transactions worth a total of $17.6bn.
Despite recent stock market volatility, JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) shares are down just 1% year to date, outperforming the 9% decline in the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) at the time of writing.  The banking giant continues to benefit from its fortress-like balance sheet and global diversification, making it well-positioned to navigate any economic environment.  JPMorgan topped Wall Street estimates, with revenue climbing 8% year over year, while earnings per share (EPS) of $5.07 was up 14% from the prior-year quarter.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
It is very rare for an ordinary household to owe money on gifts. The gift tax has a somewhat complicated two-tier structure. Each year you can give up to an annual amount (the "annual exclusion") without paying, or even reporting, anything on your taxes. Then, over your lifetime, you have a significantly higher amount that […] The post I Want to Give $65k to My Daughter and Her Husband. Will We Have to Pay Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.