Is Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) the Best Bargain Stock to Buy in May_
2025-04-14 23:17
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-best-231711370.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May.While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment manager, expects that negotiations can bring some relief to initial tariff proposals. Furthermore, the firm anticipates a sharply slower growth than a US recession. Also, it believes that stimulus in Europe and China can rejuvenate global industrial activity, and the firm recommends styles, sectors, and regions that are most geared to it.Given that a significant amount of tariff shock has now been priced in, Neuberger Berman is constructive on global equities for the remainder of the year. The firm expects that an ongoing recovery in the global industrial economy might be dampened but not derailed. The underlying momentum in the goods economy is expected to support equities that are most levered to it. Furthermore, the firm prefers value over growth (which is relatively expensive) and small caps over large caps. While an overdose of growth-inhibiting policy can impact the relatively healthy economy and push it into recession, the investment management firm believes that the US hasn’t yet reached that point. As per the firm, performance during the decline demonstrates relative strength in some of the more cyclical economic sectors in the US and around the world. The goods-oriented sectors, regions, and styles continue to outperform amidst the recent sell-off.READ ALSO:7 Best Stocks to Buy For Long-Termand8 Cheap Jim Cramer Stocks to Invest In.S&P Global expects inflation to remain closer to 3.0% in 2025 as tariffs raise the prices along the domestic supply chain as well as for the end consumers. For 2026, the firm expects growth to pick up after a slow start. This is because of the abatement of uncertainty associated with the structure of tariffs and the further easing of the policy rate by the Federal Reserve. Also, the growth is expected to be aided partly because of a more favorable growth backdrop in the eurozone, which can help expand US exports.Neuberger Berman opines that a combination of improving fundamentals and stabilizing risks increased the optimism in the energy sector. As per the firm, increased global industrial activity is expected to continue to buoy oil demand and keep prices aloft. Furthermore, energy seems to be the most undervalued sector in the S&P 500 relative to the current and expected earnings growth. The investment management firm believes that much of the negative news, including regulatory concerns and geopolitical risks, seem to be factored in. This suggests that energy stocks can increase as the sentiment improves.To list the 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May, we used a screener to shortlist the companies that trade at a forward P/E of less than ~20.0x. Next, we chose the ones that analysts see upside to, as of April 11. We also mentioned hedge fund sentiments around each stock, as of Q4 2024. Finally, the stocks were arranged in the ascending order of their hedge fund sentiments.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).Aerial view of a major oil rig in the middle of the sea, pumping crude oil.Forward P/E as of April 11: ~13.4xAverage Upside Potential: ~22.1%Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 104Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas. Jason Gabelman, an analyst from TD Cowen, remains optimistic about the company’s stock, given its focus on maintaining a reasonable near-term valuation. This, together with the clear pathway to FCF growth, continues to support the analyst’s optimism. Furthermore, Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM)’s strategic efforts in upgrading the portfolio while, at the same time, managing its capital expenditures effectively with the help of technology-driven efficiencies and a healthy project organization cement its financial health. Given the structural cost reductions achieved over the past few years and a commitment to value creation, the company exhibits potential for sustainable growth, says the analyst.Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM)’s expansion into the low-carbon power sector offers strong growth potential. With the global energy markets pivoting towards cleaner sources, its investments in this area can place it well as a leader in the energy transition. Furthermore, the diversification can result in the opening up of new revenue streams, which can attract environmentally-conscious investors and can potentially offset the risks related to the future regulations on fossil fuels. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) remains focused on positioning itself for future growth via strategic initiatives. It is expected to leverage synergies from its Pioneer Natural Resources acquisition.Overall, XOMranks 9thon our list of best bargain stocks to buy in May. While we acknowledge the potential of XOM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some deeply undervalued AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for a deeply undervalued AI stock that is more promising than XOM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.Companies In The Article Are:JPM,MS,WFC,BKWells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase last week both said they didn’t see indicators that companies were scrambling to do big draw-downs on credit lines to raise cash.  On Monday, Buffalo-based M&T Bank reported the utilization rate among its commercial customers was actually down in the first quarter.  “Really nothing hit our screens that showed any big draws,” said M&T finance chief Daryl Bible.In the closing of the recent trading day, Exxon Mobil (XOM) stood at $103.39, denoting a +0.24% change from the preceding trading day.Companies have more and more incentive to help employees pay off student loans.We recently published a list of 10 Safest Dividend Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Consolidated Edison, Inc. (NYSE:ED) stands against other safest dividend stocks to buy now. Today, in this article, we will be looking at the 10 safest dividend stocks you might be […]Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend.It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.