Title: Bernstein upgrades Reddit, says it’s ’executing under the cloud of unknowns’
Date: 2025-05-02 14:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bernstein-upgrades-reddit-says-executing-142744979.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Investing.com -- Bernstein upgraded Reddit to Market-Perform from Underperform in a note this week, pointing to strong execution despite lingering uncertainties around user growth and platform monetization. The firm also raised its price target for the stock to $130 from $110.
“We’re tired of getting it wrong on Reddit,” Bernstein analysts wrote.
While long-term concerns are said to remain, including Reddit’s reliance on Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and the monetization ceiling for smaller social platforms, Bernstein said it was encouraged by the company’s performance.
“In an unnerved market, Reddit is quietly going about their business, too small to be heavily exposed to macro swings while broadening out their advertiser base,” the analysts said.
Reddit’s first-quarter revenue rose 61% year over year to $392 million, surpassing expectations, with ad revenue also growing 61%. Direct response advertising now represents about 60% of total ad dollars.
Reddit’s engagement data is said to have offered mixed signals. Bernstein notes that global daily active users qualified (DAUq) rose 31% year over year to 108 million, slightly above consensus.
However, quarter-to-date commentary suggests flat sequential growth, with the U.S. once again lagging.
Still, Bernstein acknowledged that management said user growth was driven mostly by direct traffic rather than Google, which “perhaps helps to de-risk the story.”
Profitability is also improving. Adjusted EBITDA hit $115 million, representing a 29% margin, well above analyst expectations. Reddit reiterated its goal of growing revenue at twice the pace of expenses, leading Bernstein to see a “pathway to $1B+ Adj EBITDA in 2026.”
“Reddit has now set the DAU bar lower for the quarter,” Bernstein added. However, with strong revenue guidance and improving margins, the firm said it was time to “move to the sidelines” and lifted its rating accordingly.
Bernstein upgrades Reddit, says it’s ’executing under the cloud of unknowns’
Novo Nordisk shares jump as FDA accepts oral Wegovy application
Chevron signals readiness to integrate Hess, downplays Exxon arbitration risk
Reddit stock  initially shot up after the company’s quarterly earnings beat analysts’ expectations, but had erased those gains by Friday afternoon.  “Our unique advantage is that people come to Reddit with intent—they’re not just scrolling, they’re also seeking,” CEO Steve Huffman wrote in a shareholder letter along with earnings results.  “They come to Reddit for real opinions from real people.”
Reddit may not have the scale of Meta (META), Google (GOOGL), Amazon (AMZN), or even Snap (SNAP). But its first-quarter earnings, released Thursday after the bell, confirm it’s one of the most surprising winners of the post-AI attention economy.
Shares of Reddit jumped in premarket trading Friday, a day after the social media company reported better first-quarter results than expected and issued a strong outlook.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on Thursday extended the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) action date for the New Drug Application (NDA) for Cytokinetics Inc's (NASDAQ:CYTK) aficamten for patients with obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (oHCM) to December 26 from September 26. The FDA recently notified Cytokinetics that additional time is required to conduct a full review of the company's proposed Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS). Also Read: Bristol Myers Ana
AAPL's second-quarter fiscal 2025 results benefit from strong services growth and an increase in iPhone sales.
The company hosts its annual shareholder meeting this weekend highlighted by a Q&A with CEO Warren Buffett on Saturday.
Artificial intelligence took center stage in the latest earnings report from  Duolingo  as the language learning app continues to adopt the technology at a feverish pace.  On Thursday,  Duolingo  posted first-quarter earnings of 72 cents a share, topping the 51 cents a share analysts expected, according to FactSet.  As expected, AI featured prominently in the accompanying news release, where CEO Luis von Ahn lauded it as a critical efficiency tool.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio