Title: Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Date: 2025-05-02 19:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-ceo-jensen-huang-gets-first-salary-boost-in-10-years-193949951.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NVDA) CEO Jensen Huang got his first major salary bump since 2015.
A regulatory filing from Nvidia Thursday showed the AI chipmaker increased Huang’s base salary by roughly 50% to $1.49 million in the 2025 fiscal year ended Jan. 26. (To be sure, the actual amount Huang received for the year was much higher— $344 million — due to Nvidia's soaring stock price.)
“The CC [Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors] raised Mr. Huang’s total target pay by $7 million to align more closely with the median of peer company CEOs,” the company said in its SEC filing Thursday. The company wrote that Huang’s new salary “aligned with the 75th percentile of peers.”
“The CC believed this was appropriate in consideration of internal pay equity with the base salaries of other NEOs [named executive officers, or top-paid executives whose compensation must be publicly disclosed] and as it represented Mr. Huang’s first base salary increase in 10 years.”
Huang’s new salary more closely matches up with those of fellow chipmaker executives Hock Tan, CEO of Broadcom (AVGO), and Lisa Su, CEO of Advanced Micro Devices (AMD).
The last time the CEO’s salary jumped in the double digits was in 2015, when it rose 19% to over $998,000.
Salary can be just a small part of compensation for high-level tech executives, though. While Huang had a lower base pay than Microsoft's (MSFT) Satya Nadella and Apple's (AAPL) Tim Cook in fiscal year 2024, the latest year of data available for all three executives, he out-earned them in terms of the full package. Huang's actual compensation was $234 million that year. Nadella and Cook received $171 million and $169 million, respectively.
While Huang had earned more than those CEOs, his compensation was far below that of rival Broadcom’s CEO Hock Tan, who made over $1 billion in 2024.
Nvidia, Apple, and Microsoft have taken turns as the world’s most valuable company.
Nvidia’s market cap has taken a hit in 2025 due to the leading chip stock’s 15% decline this year. Its still-massive $2.78 trillion value is behind Apple’s roughly $3.1 trillion and Microsoft’s $3.25 trillion.
Nvidia stock is still up more than 1,500% over the past five years.
Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X @LauraBratton5.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Apple's hardware business leaves it uniquely vulnerable to tariff uncertainty.
The heads of two Congressional panels have urged the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist Chinese groups, including Alibaba, that they...
Trump still wants to replace income taxes with tariffs on imports. Here's why it will never work.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump asked Congress for deep cuts to domestic agencies and a boost to the military in a preliminary outline of his 2026 budget request.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Qu
The two companies are collaborating to bring enterprise AI to Box users.
Google now has to defend itself against a breakup of its online ad business while fighting a separate attempt by the federal government to force an unraveling of its online search empire.
Tesla sales plunged by more than half last month in several European countries in a sign that Elon Musk could struggle to revive the company after he shifts from his Washington work to running the automaker again.  The countries are not major drivers of sales overall, but they are the first to report April results and thus a foretaste of possible trouble elsewhere as Tesla reels from protests and boycotts over Musk wading into politics.  Financial analysts covering Tesla are worried about the Musk backlash but caution it's not clear exactly how much to blame politics for the hit.
(Bloomberg) -- It was the week Wall Street got its swagger back. Stocks staged a gravity-defying rebound to wipe out all losses from April’s tariff shock, Corporate America unleashed billions in pent-up bond sales and speculative assets from crypto to unprofitable tech companies surged.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC
Airbnb's CFO said on the company's post-earnings conference call that international travelers are increasingly skipping trips to the US.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Ice cream maker Ben & Jerry's said late on Friday that billionaire activist investor Nelson Peltz, who is on its parent company Unilever's board, has increased his influence over the consumer goods conglomerate, including on political issues.  Unilever and the unit have been locked in a bitter legal dispute since last year over allegations that the parent is muzzling it, hurting its ability to carry out its social mission.  The Vermont-based frozen dessert manufacturer made the new claims in response to Unilever's attempts last week to have the case thrown out.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio