Title: Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Jim Cramer Believes YouTube Needs To Be Discussed More
Date: 2025-05-02 14:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-googl-jim-cramer-142839595.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed.
In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the growing amount of stock buybacks and how the buybacks during April-May were the third best historically of the year. “Well, I’ll tell ya, the banks are the ones that are going to do it. They’re gonna start it and the banks have an appetite for their stock that is crazy,” he said.
Cramer also commented on President Trump’s senior counselor for trade and manufacturing, Peter Navarro. Navarro is an ardent believer in the trade imbalance that the US faces abroad and Cramer agrees with the assessment. “Well, Peter’s got, strong views. Peter’s a person with strong views,” according to Cramer.
Despite the fact that markets were roiled in April due to the President’s tariff announcements, when his co-host remarked that Navarro might not have the President’s ear, Cramer replied: “Well if that’s the case, death by China is winning right now. And death by China is Navarro.”
Another news bite that was brought up on the show was the decline in foreign arrivals in the US and the President saying the decline in foreign arrivals wasn’t a big deal. Cramer agrees with Trump as he said:
“So far, not. I think that the dollar being cheap for the first time in our lifetime is gonna make people. . .but when you listen to Proctor, you’re very conscious of the fact that the dollar’s weak and IBM and I think that people in the end, they’ll be excited. Excited to come to a place where the dollar’s finally not crushing them. And that does matter.”
“Well look, it’s not, obviously I think that there’s issues involving our country and how people view us and, look, you don’t need me to tell which way the wind blows. But I would have thought there would have been more weakness in travel. I’m just surprised that it’s just not bad.”
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 24th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 234
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is a mega-cap technology giant known for its search engine, video streaming, and cloud computing platforms. The shares have lost 14.5% year-to-date but were dealt with respite in April after they rose by 4.3% after the firm’s latest earnings report. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) benefited from the fact that the firm’s advertisement revenue beat analyst estimates and management expressed optimism about AI investments bearing fruit. Here is what Cramer said about the firm before the earnings release:
“Okay, I’m glad you mentioned it because I think that Google, has to beat this 200 billion dollar search and they have to try to explain how, by the way I think they’re actually going to put on a good, a good clinic on how Gemini is not being cannibalized or cannibalizing Search. But, will they bring up and discuss how much they’re paying you know this is the Samsung issue, of how much they’re paying by default, because that was brought up in one of the remedy section of the feds. . .in this most recent trial. They’re not doing so well in the, in the federal courts. But I would say that the stock is inexpensive. I just think that we’re gonna, all you’re gonna hear about is whether, whether there is cannibalization or not. And this is the quarter that. . .demonstrate that. I think that they had much rather talk about YouTube which is doing spectacularly well.”
Overall, GOOGL ranks 1st on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOGL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Starbucks' turnaround plan might not be turning the business around as expected.
(Bloomberg) -- Starbucks Corp. is looking to cut how much it spends upgrading stores, which could help address investor anxiety over the price tag of turning the chain around.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowStarb
Alphabet's latest results were solid, and it looks like AI is positively impacting the company's growth.  Alphabet's valuation is too attractive to ignore right now.  Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) investors have had a difficult year so far, as shares of the technology giant have lost 15% of their value as of this writing, driven by the broader weakness in technology stocks on account of tariff-fueled economic uncertainties, but the company's latest results suggest that its fortunes may turn around.
We recently published a list of 10 Jim Cramer Stocks to Watch Amid Trump Tariff Wars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. Jim Cramer in a latest program on CNBC talked about the latest signs of de-escalation in […]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -President Donald Trump said on Friday the U.S. was in a "transition period" and was going to do "fantastically" while downplaying the impact any short-term recession may have.  What we are — I said, this is a transition period.  Trump's comment on the U.S. economy being in a transition period echoed comments he made earlier on Friday in a social media post, in which he also cited strong employment and reiterated his call for the U.S. Federal Reserve to lower interest rates.
Google now has to defend itself against a breakup of its online ad business while fighting a separate attempt by the federal government to force an unraveling of its online search empire.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio