Title: Google faces September trial on ad tech antitrust remedies
Date: 2025-05-02 15:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/judge-sets-google-ad-tech-152512021.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By David Shepardson and Jody Godoy
ALEXANDRIA, Virginia (Reuters) - Alphabet's Google will face a trial in September on antitrust enforcers' proposals to make it sell off part of its advertising technology business to address the company's dominance over tools used by online publishers to sell ads.
U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema in Alexandria, Virginia, set the trial date on Friday after hearing from Google and the U.S. Department of Justice about potential remedies in the case.
Both sides are expected to file detailed proposals on Monday.
The DOJ will seek to have Google sell off its ad exchange and publisher ad server business, in a process expected to take several years, said DOJ attorney Julia Tarver Wood.
Google lawyer Karen Dunn said the company supported behavioral remedies - such as making real-time bids available to competitors - but that prosecutors cannot legally pursue a bid to force Google to sell parts of its business.
Such a move would also harm internet users and encounter a lack of interested buyers, she said.
Publisher ad servers are platforms used by websites to store and manage their digital ad inventory. Along with ad exchanges, the technology lets news publishers and other online content providers make money by selling ads.
Brinkema ruled in April that Google unlawfully tied publishers' use of its ad exchange to use of its ad server, and enacted anticompetitive policies that were "not in its publisher customers' best interests." The conduct harmed competition, and hurt publishers and ultimately internet users, she said.
Google has previously explored selling its ad exchange to appease European antitrust regulators, Reuters reported in September.
(Reporting by Jody Godoy in New York and David Shepardson in Alexandria, Virginia; Editing by Chris Sanders and Matthew Lewis)
Bernstein raised the firm’s price target on Microsoft (MSFT) to $520 from $511 and keeps an Outperform rating on the shares. The firm notes Microsoft delivered a solid quarter, beating on virtually every metric and delivering Azure growth and guide meaningfully above consensus of around 31%, while barely increasing capital expenses. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> See Insiders’ Hot Stocks on TipRanks >> Read More on
Here’s how much Apple said tariffs would cost it during the next three months.
The e-commerce giant “has a massive advantage over UPS and FedEx” to make the initiative successful, one expert said.
The New York Knicks cashed in on strong attendance at the Garden this season—support they’ll continue to need against the defending champion Boston Celtics in the playoff semifinals. But while the Knicks’ parent company is poised to return to the second round for a third straight year, turbulence surrounding broadcaster MSG Networks dragged down revenue. …
Amazon outpaces earnings and revenue estimates but offers weak operating income guidance on tariff uncertainty.
W's first-quarter 2025 results benefit from a healthy performance in the U.S. segment.
Healthcare funds like FSPHX, JNGLX and VGHCX are a safe bet during times of market volatility.
The stock market rallied for the week, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq clearing key levels, led by Microsoft and Meta as well as Trump tariff hopes.
It's been another wild week in the worlds of business, government and personal finance, and we've done our best to provide you with a wide array of helpful tips and useful information. Be Aware:...
Tariffs are about to hit Apple (AAPL) — and hard. As Big Tech and other firms continue to grapple with the Trump administration’s shifting tariff policies, Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the company’s latest earnings call that tariffs could cost it $900 million this quarter.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio