Title: Google is fighting a new DOJ bid to break up another part of its empire
Date: 2025-05-02 20:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/google-is-fighting-a-new-doj-bid-to-break-up-another-part-of-its-empire-200520168.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The US government got a second chance to try to dismantle Google's (GOOG, GOOGL) stronghold over the internet in a hearing on Friday meant to sort out how best to restore competition in two online advertising markets.
Judge Leonie Brinkema, a US federal district judge in Alexandria, Va., set a "remedies" trial date of Sept. 22 for the tech giant to face off against the Justice Department's effort to break up Google’s ad tech monopoly.
Google now has to defend that part of its empire against a breakup while also doing the same in a separate antitrust trial where the DOJ is seeking the divestment of the tech giant's Chrome search browser.
Last August, in that case, US District Judge Amit Mehta found Google liable for illegally monopolizing the general search engine market and the market for general search engine text.
He is now considering divestments of Google’s highly valuable Chrome browser and its Android operating system, along with limitations on its implementation of artificial intelligence tools.
In the ad tech monopoly case, Judge Brinkema in April sided with the DOJ and 17 state attorneys general by ruling that the tech giant used illegal tactics to block competition in markets where online advertisements are bought and sold.
That ruling gave the judge discretion to permit or deny the government’s request to consider divestments known as “structural remedies.”
Specifically, the DOJ has argued that Google’s Ad Manager suite, which includes DoubleClick for Publishers, a publisher-side ad server, and Google Ad Exchange, its exchange platform where buyers and sellers broker deals for online ads, should be spun off.
Google tried to get the judge to eliminate the option of divestitures. It was "going for a kill shot,” said Daniel McCuaig, a former trial attorney with the Justice Department’s antitrust division, who is now a partner with Cohen Milstein.
But Google didn't get its way, which heightens its business risks as it fights to hold on to multiple subsidiaries in two major antitrust defeats suffered over the past year. However, Judge Brinkema did express concern about overreaching remedies during the hearing, noting that the wrong remedies can cause additional harm. Publishers, for example, may see no benefit if Google's ad server were demolished.
Lee-Anne Mulholland, Google's vice president for regulatory affairs, said, "The DOJ’s additional proposals to force a divestiture of our ad tech tools go well beyond the Court’s findings, have no basis in law, and would harm publishers and advertisers."
Google’s lawyers told the judge that divestiture should be excluded as a possible remedy and that the court should instead focus only on changing how the company operates its businesses. A company spokesperson added that divestitures would be an unprecedented remedy in the case, given that the court found the acquisitions did not harm competition.
McCuaig said that at the heart of the ad tech decision, Judge Brinkema found that Google enshrined its illegal monopoly by tying together its advertising technologies, which reinforced each other and allowed it to charge supracompetitive prices.
Ideally, he said, the government would likely want the two businesses sold off to different buyers.
Google’s acquisition of DoubleClick was reviewed and cleared by the US Federal Trade Commission by a four-to-one vote in 2007, based on its finding that the deal was unlikely to substantially lessen competition.
Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X @alexiskweed.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
The two companies are collaborating to bring enterprise AI to Box users.
The closure of the de minimis loophole targeting e-commerce companies with ties to China could also send ripples through shipping giants and Big Tech.
Duolingo shares soared to a record high Friday, a day after the language education platform topped estimates for the first quarter.
Duolingo is boosting its full-year sales and profit outlooks. The language-learning company, is seeing significant growth in its AI-powered features including video calling and new courses. Luis von Ahn, Duolingo's co-founder and CEO joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how the company uses AI instead of humans in some cases, and how it may have customers avoid using Apple's payment systems.
HOUSTON/LONDON (Reuters) -Big Oil's first-quarter earnings have shown a clear split in how companies are positioned to weather the downturn sparked by a slump in oil prices to a four-year low in April.  Investors were focused on whether companies would cut share repurchases, since lower crude prices would leave them with less cash to fund the programs.  Buybacks and dividends are key to investor interest in the oil industry.
We recently published an article titled Why These 15 Financial Services Stocks Are Surging In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Lloyds Banking Group plc (NYSE:LYG) stands against the other financial services stocks. The financial services sector has entered 2025 on a wave of strong performance and renewed investor […]
The heads of two Congressional panels have urged the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist Chinese groups, including Alibaba, that they...
Tesla sales plunged by more than half last month in several European countries in a sign that Elon Musk could struggle to revive the company after he shifts from his Washington work to running the automaker again.  The countries are not major drivers of sales overall, but they are the first to report April results and thus a foretaste of possible trouble elsewhere as Tesla reels from protests and boycotts over Musk wading into politics.  Financial analysts covering Tesla are worried about the Musk backlash but caution it's not clear exactly how much to blame politics for the hit.
The Fed is yet to release the new ratings for U.S. banks with over $100 billion or more in assets and intends to wait until the Senate confirms Michelle Bowman as the new top banking cop, the report added, citing people familiar with the matter.  The Federal Reserve declined to comment on the matter, when contacted by Reuters.  Bowman was nominated by President Donald Trump for the vice chair for supervision role, the Fed's top regulatory post.
Current market conditions have created an exceptional buying opportunity for long-term investors.  One Vanguard ETF stands out thanks to its proven resilience, rock-bottom expense ratio, and broad diversification.  This fund offers an ideal way to capitalize on market weakness while positioning it for future growth.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio