Title: Why Tesla Stock Surged Higher Friday
Date: 2025-05-02 19:05
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/02/why-tesla-stock-surged-higher-friday/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Tesla (TSLA 2.41%) stock is ending the week on a high note. Shares of the electric vehicle (EV) leader surged as much as 5% higher today as investors anticipate good things ahead. Ironically, some of the optimism came from a recent announcement from a competitor in self-driving technology.
Tesla is on the verge of finally displaying its technology for fully autonomous driving vehicles. That's less than one month away, and has investors piling into the shares. As of 2:38 p.m. ET, the stock was trading near the day's highs, up 4.7%. That's helped give the stock a nearly 10% gain just over the last month.
Tesla doesn't have any fully autonomous, driverless vehicles on the road. One would think the competition is way ahead, as Alphabet's Waymo is currently generating revenue from its robotaxi service, providing over 250,000 driverless rides per week. Yet a partnership announced by Waymo this week indicates that Tesla may really have the advantage.
Tesla plans to finally have driverless vehicles on the road in Austin by next month. It then plans to add niche cybercabs to its vehicle fleet in the coming months.
Tesla will soon be adding a Cybercab to its fleet of electric cars. Image source: Tesla.
Waymo is now partnering with Toyota to help deploy its technology to more cars on the road. That would provide more data for artificial intelligence (AI) models to train and improve self-driving cars. That's exactly what Tesla has already been doing with its millions of EVs and massive AI infrastructure investments.
Tesla has been making large investments to grow its AI compute power. In its recent first-quarter update, it noted, "AI is a major pillar of growth for Tesla." One beneficiary of that will be its driverless vehicle plans.
Investors are now anticipating that launch, which is just weeks away. Investors are getting ahead of a successful showing of its fully autonomous technology. If that isn't on schedule or as impressive as expected, though, expect shares to plummet from here.
Ever feel like you missed the boat in buying the most successful stocks? Then you’ll want to hear this.
On rare occasions, our expert team of analysts issues a “Double Down” stock recommendation for companies that they think are about to pop. If you’re worried you’ve already missed your chance to invest, now is the best time to buy before it’s too late. And the numbers speak for themselves:
Right now, we’re issuing “Double Down” alerts for three incredible companies, and there may not be another chance like this anytime soon.
*Stock Advisor returns as of 05/02/2025
Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Howard Smith has positions in Alphabet and Tesla. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Tesla. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/02/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.