Exxon Mobil (XOM) Gains But Lags Market_ What You Should Know
2025-04-14 21:45
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-xom-gains-lags-214515916.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.In the latest market close, Exxon Mobil (XOM) reached $103.39, with a +0.24% movement compared to the previous day. This move lagged the S&P 500's daily gain of 0.79%. Elsewhere, the Dow gained 0.78%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq added 0.64%.The oil and natural gas company's stock has dropped by 7.83% in the past month, exceeding the Oils-Energy sector's loss of 8.15% and lagging the S&P 500's loss of 3.56%.Investors will be eagerly watching for the performance of Exxon Mobil in its upcoming earnings disclosure. The company's earnings report is set to be unveiled on May 2, 2025. The company is forecasted to report an EPS of $1.69, showcasing a 17.96% downward movement from the corresponding quarter of the prior year. In the meantime, our current consensus estimate forecasts the revenue to be $85.77 billion, indicating a 3.23% growth compared to the corresponding quarter of the prior year.For the full year, the Zacks Consensus Estimates project earnings of $7.04 per share and a revenue of $348.38 billion, demonstrating changes of -9.63% and -0.34%, respectively, from the preceding year.Investors should also take note of any recent adjustments to analyst estimates for Exxon Mobil. These latest adjustments often mirror the shifting dynamics of short-term business patterns. With this in mind, we can consider positive estimate revisions a sign of optimism about the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To exploit this, we've formed the Zacks Rank, a quantitative model that includes these estimate changes and presents a viable rating system.The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection has moved 4.97% lower. Exxon Mobil is currently a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).Looking at its valuation, Exxon Mobil is holding a Forward P/E ratio of 14.66. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 7.56, so one might conclude that Exxon Mobil is trading at a premium comparatively.We can also see that XOM currently has a PEG ratio of 2.93. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. The Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry currently had an average PEG ratio of 1.13 as of yesterday's close.The Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry is part of the Oils-Energy sector. This group has a Zacks Industry Rank of 148, putting it in the bottom 41% of all 250+ industries.The strength of our individual industry groups is measured by the Zacks Industry Rank, which is calculated based on the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within these groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportExxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis ReportThis article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).Zacks Investment ResearchExxon Mobil, Chevron and EOG Resources have been highlighted in this Value Trader article.Cheniere Energy (LNG) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.Lazard is strengthening its footprint in the United Arab Emirates by opening an office in the capital city of Abu Dhabi which will serve as the investment bank's main financial advisory hub in the country, it said on Tuesday.  "We are excited to reinforce our presence in the UAE, a country of strategic importance and remarkable opportunity," said CEO and Chairman Peter Orszag.  Abu Dhabi in recent years has seen an inflow of global banks such as Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, which have set up base in the oil-rich emirate to service an increasingly diverse investor pool of wealthy clients, including sovereign funds which together manage almost $2 trillion.The stock market has sold off sharply this year, with the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) recently down about 10% since 2025 began.  While stock market sell-offs can be tough to stomach, there is a silver lining to downturns.  Stock prices and dividend yields have an inverse relationship.Companies In The Article Are:JPM,MS,WFC,BKCNB (CCNE) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 7.55% and 4.19%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?In the most recent trading session, Palo Alto Networks (PANW) closed at $169.98, indicating a +0.97% shift from the previous trading day.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.