Jim Cramer on 3M Company (MMM)_ ‘I Think That This One Could Go Up For A Long Time’
2025-04-30 11-10
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-3m-company-mmm-111029807.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says Businesspeople Are Emotional & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) stands against the other stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed.
In a recent appearance on CNBC's Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the unease among business people regarding the President attempting to fire Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell. While the President has assured everyone that he will not try to remove the Fed chair, Cramer commented that the potential removal along with the tariff policy had created a lot of uncertainty amongst businesses.
Starting with commenting on the Dow dropping 1,000 points before the open but attempting to rally at the previous close, Cramer stated:
"Actually, that was a really interesting turn. Because no one could figure it out. It was almost as if somebody knew that the President was going to go, now I follow his Truth Social, like I go there like every five minutes. That there wasn't going to be anything today. Uh, there is a belief I think among the executives I speak to and obviously we all speak to a lot of execs, that the President is so off the reservation with this attack on J Powell that, they're not able to really speak about it."
With markets being in a constant state of turmoil recently, it's unsurprising that Cramer has commented on their performance quite a lot. In a previous appearance, he advised viewers to be optimistic. One major factor that's driving stocks lower is investor perception of a weakening consumer. However, Cramer has pointed out multiple times that the consumer appears to be strong. For instance, earlier this month, he commented:
“I think that the agri-consumer, as long as they have jobs, yes. I don’t think they sit there and say, you know what, there’s coming tariff, I’m going to just disappear. Now you can see these numbers are pulled through. I don’t buy that."
In another appearance, Cramer shared data from the latest earnings call of one of America's largest card issuers and travel services providers to paint a bright picture of the consumer:
"Uh, I am talking about numbers which by the way include, and we’ve got first twelve days of this month. Steve Squeri going over things, you’re talking about, restaurant spending up 8%, lodging up 6%, goods up 7%, card membership, obviously more and more tremendous numbers have increased. 3.4 million. David, this is as good a quarter if you had to say anything, you would say that the consumer is on fire actually."
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 22nd.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A specialized industrial laboratory, filled with high-tech machinery for producing abrasives.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 79
3M Company (NYSE:MMM) is one of the biggest industrial conglomerates in America. It makes and sells safety, bonding, stationary, and a host of other products. 3M Company (NYSE:MMM)'s shares have gained 4.9% year-to-date after dropping by 14% in April amidst the massive selloff. Here are Cramer's latest comments about 3M Company (NYSE:MMM):
"[On policies creating uncertainty leading businesses to consider worst case scenarios and cutting workforce to potentially trigger a recession] Absolutely. And I think that's a very succinct way to put it. I think you go and you look at 3M and the stock's doing well. And Carl, you say, okay what did 3M say? And 3M said, listen we're doing well and the tariffs could be a headwind."
Overall MMM ranks 3rd among the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of MMM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MMM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Uncertainty continues to hang over the latest round of financial results and forecasts for companies both big and small as they try to navigate a global trade system severely shaken by a shift in U.S. policy.  Tariffs and the stark shift in policy has also shaken consumer and business confidence.  The U.S. economy shrank during the first quarter of the year, its first drop in three years.
GM joins a growing list of companies forgoing quarterly profit forecasts.
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says Businesspeople Are Emotional & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against the other stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the unease […]
The 660ft VCV tower, upon completion, is expected to be the tallest structure in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, […]
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, is […]
Caterpillar witnesses lower revenues and earnings in Q1 due to weak volumes in all its segments.
(Reuters) -Yum Brands beat estimates for first-quarter comparable sales on Wednesday, driven by strong performance at its Taco Bell stores in the U.S. and KFC outlets internationally.  However, visits to Tex-Mex chain Taco Bell rose 3.7% in the first quarter in the United States, compared with a 1.6% drop in the overall quick-service restaurants category, according to research firm Placer.ai.  Taco Bell saw an increase in online orders from all income groups in the country, leading to U.S. same-store sales growth of 9% in the quarter, the company said.
Textile-to-textile regeneration company Reju has collaborated with multifilament yarn manufacturers Utexa and Antex to advance its regenerated polyester in yarn production.
Is XRP a bargain under $2.50, or just another risky crypto bet? Here's what you need to know.