3M Company (MMM)_ Among the Best Stocks to Buy According to D1 Capital’s Daniel Sundheim
2025-04-29 14-22
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3m-company-mmm-among-best-142232885.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to D1 Capital's Daniel Sundheim. In this article, we are going to take a look at where 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) stands against Daniel Sundheim's other stock picks.
Daniel Sundheim is the founder and chief investment officer of D1 Capital Partners, a global investment firm active across both public and private markets. Established in 2018, the hedge fund successfully endured the COVID-19 slump by relying on an aggressive investment strategy based on fundamental research. D1 currently manages a portfolio of $8 billion in public investments and $12 billion in private holdings. The firm has maintained a significant presence in Silicon Valley, investing in major players such as SpaceX, which accounts for about a third of its private portfolio.
Of course, staying on the winning side is nearly impossible for any investor, including billionaires like Daniel Sundheim. Back in 2022, Sundheim endured one of the most challenging years of his career as broader equity markets came under pressure from rising inflation. While the S&P 500 sank 19.4%, D1 Capital underperformed with a 30.5% decline, largely due to its substantial private-market bets on tech startups, whose valuations plummeted sharply. D1 Capital was among several high-profile hedge funds caught in this downturn. However, the firm rebounded in 2023, rising more than 19% after strategically reducing some of its private investments.
According to an investor letter received by Financial Times, D1 Capital's public portfolio returned 44% in 2024, driven by strategic investments in European stocks. This incredible run of gains continued into 2025, with the fund gaining 7.7% in January. D1's approach of capitalizing on valuation discounts in European markets relative to US rivals seems to have been largely successful. Speaking on this, Sundheim stated in the letter:
"We believe there is currently an extremely attractive opportunity to buy great businesses that trade on non-U.S. exchanges."
The billionaire is also a major proponent of artificial intelligence, and believes that public companies represent the best way to capitalize on the AI boom. Speaking in late 2024, he explained that, unlike previous technological breakthroughs, AI would have an impact on almost every sector, prompting companies across industries to invest heavily in its development. Large public corporations, he noted, have the resources and scale required to effectively implement AI initiatives, giving them an advantage over smaller, more agile firms. Sundheim further stressed that companies investing in AI today are doing so with a long-term view, realizing that the substantial infrastructure necessary suggests returns are likely to come over the next decade, not the next quarter.
For this list, we picked stocks from D1 Capital Partner's 13F portfolio as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2024. These equities are also popular among elite hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A specialized industrial laboratory, filled with high-tech machinery for producing abrasives.
D1 Capital Partners's Stake as of Q4: $175.1 million
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 79
3M Company (NYSE:MMM) is a multinational industrial company that manufactures adhesives, abrasives, ceramics, and nanotechnology.
On April 24, UBS analyst Amit Mehrotra reiterated his Buy rating and $184 price target for 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) shares. Following the company's first-quarter results and subsequent talks with 3M, Mehrotra raised his 2025 earnings per share projection to $8 from $7.93. This change pushes his projection over the consensus estimate of $7.73. Mehrotra emphasized that 3M's repeated earnings guidance of $7.60 to $7.90 represents a favorable sign. He also noted that the guidance now includes a 10-cent contingency or cushion, which was not previously included.
Despite a challenging macroeconomic climate, 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) remained financially strong, returning $1.7 billion to shareholders and increasing its dividend by 4%. The firm also introduced 62 new products, a 60% increase over the previous year. Additionally, 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) intends to raise share repurchases to $2 billion, demonstrating confidence in its future cash flows and financial stability.
Overall MMM ranks 10th on our list of Daniel Sundheim's other stock picks. While we acknowledge the potential for MMM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%.  If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MMM but trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks to Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Handling your personal finances can present challenges, especially when you're just starting out. Regardless of where you are on the road to meeting your financial goals, advice from a renowned expert...
GSK reports mixed first-quarter 2025 results. Shares rise in pre-market after it reaffirms guidance and says it is "well positioned" to handle the U.S. tariffs.
The U.S. economy has broken its three-year streak of steady growth, as the GDP shrank at an annual rate of 0.3% in the first quarter.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.