Title: This Artificial Intelligence (AI) Company Is a Leader in Generative AI Patents. Investors, Take Note
Date: 2025-04-15 10:37
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/15/this-artificial-intelligence-ai-company-has-some-o/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=068fc31b-4fbf-4c6a-aecf-d8bf679204a3&.tsrc=rss
Content:
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Which of the "Magnificent Seven" stocks has the most generative artificial intelligence (AI) patents? You might think it's a company likeMicrosoft, which has developed extensive generative AI capabilities for its popular products, orNvidia, which develops the chips that make AI technology possible.
However, you might be surprised to learn that the Magnificent Seven company with the most generative AI patents is Google parent companyAlphabet(GOOGL-1.78%)(GOOG-1.81%). Based onThe Motley Fool's latest research, Alphabet has 631 different generative AI patents -- second most among U.S. companies and a far greater number than any of its big-tech counterparts.
This is only one metric where the company is winning the AI intellectual property race, but it gives Alphabet a competitive advantage that investors might be overlooking. Plus, Alphabet looks like a highly attractive place to put money to work for patient, long-term investors right now for a few reasons.
With any new and rapidly evolving technology comes a surge in patents protecting the intellectual property of companies that are engaged in its development. There are tens of thousands ofgenerative AIpatents in existence. While a few Chinese companies have the most by number, U.S. businesses generally have the more valuable patents, as indicated by how much more often they're cited in academic research.
When it comes to U.S. companies, the No. 1 patent holder isIBM, which was an early AI pioneer with its Watson technology years ago. But Alphabet is in a close second position and has more than 630 patents, the majority of which are related to software AI applications (like theGoogle Geminitools).
As mentioned, patents alone are just one piece of the puzzle. But Alphabet's combination of high-quality generative AI patents and extremely deep pockets to invest in innovation give it a major competitive advantage. Alphabet has about $73 billion in net cash on its balance sheet, in addition to the more than $100 billion in annualized operating income the business produces.
Beyond its patent portfolio, there's a lot to like about Alphabet right now. In the most recent quarter, the company's revenue grew by 12% year over year and its earnings per share (EPS) grew more than 30%. Throughout the business, growth was impressive and expense controls were highly effective.
Google Cloud is an especially strong point, with 30% year-over-year revenue growth and a massive opportunity ahead of it. The global cloud services market is expected to roughly quadruple in size by 2032, so this should be a long-tailed, high-margin growth opportunity for the company.
Alphabet is a rare combination of a dominant market-leading business and one that has lots of growth potential, both of which are extremely profitable. Its vast collection of intellectual property, especially when it comes to generative AI, could give it some major advantages over its peers in the coming years.
There still are some concerns, though, such as how Google's advertising revenue would hold up in a recession and the continuing threat of the Justice Department calling for the breakup of the company. However, with double-digit revenue growth and a valuation of just 18 times forward earnings -- the lowest of any of the Magnificent Seven, by far -- now could be a great time to take a closer look.
Before you buy stock inAlphabet, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andAlphabetwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $502,231!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $678,552!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is800% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors.Matt Frankelhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, International Business Machines, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends