Title: Prediction_ 3 Stocks That'll Be Worth More Than Costco 10 Years From Now
Date: 2025-04-15 13:45
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/15/prediction-3-stocks-will-be-worth-more-than-costco/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=b126b70e-1896-4cef-a5e5-60a663aaa685&.tsrc=rss
Content:
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
It's not an easy matter to make predictions about the stock market, since no one really knows what it will do from day to day or even year to year. (Over long periods, though, it has always gone up.)
Still, I'm here to make a prediction, and I'm predicting that three stocks in particular will be worth more thanCostco Wholesale(COST-0.21%)a decade from now. Here's a look at those companies -- and at Costco too.
Image source: Getty Images.
First off, why am Ifocusing on Costco? Don't I like it? Well, I do, and I'm a longtime shareholder. But arguably, the stock price has gottenahead of itselfat recent levels. Costco's forward-lookingprice-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, for example, was recently 50, well above its five-year average of 39. Its recentprice-to-sales ratiowas 1.53, above the five-year average of 1.08.
With 903 locations worldwide (623 in the U.S. and Puerto Rico) and a recent market value of $428 billion, it may be hard for Costco to grow at a rapid clip. Also, if a widely feared recession happens, maybe Costco will see some customers let their$65-per-year membershipslapse, as they fear spending too much at visits to Costco. (Costco does have lots of great prices, but it can be hard to not spend a lot there.)
Costco has averaged annual gains of around 20% over the past 10 and 15 years. Let's be a little conservative and estimate a 12% growth rate for the coming decade. That would put its market value at $1.3 trillion in a decade.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing(TSM0.99%)is a giant amongsemiconductor companies.  While most only design chips, Taiwan Semiconductor actually manufactures them. It's the biggest chip maker by far -- with a recent market share of 67%.
There's a lot to like about the company, such as itsapparent joint venturewith U.S.-basedIntel. As there's pressure to make more chips in the U.S., this could benefit both companies. Taiwan Semiconductor has always planned to invest more than $100 billion in U.S.-based plants.Appleislikely to be a major customerof Taiwan Semi's U.S.-built chips. Meanwhile, the company is getting a tailwind from the proliferation ofartificial intelligence(AI), as it requires more and better chips.
The company's stock seemsreasonably pricedat recent levels. Shares have grown in value at an average annual rate of around 20% over the past 10 and 15 years. If they grow by just 10%, that will take the market value from a recent $823 billion to $2.1 trillion.
Google parentAlphabet(GOOG-1.81%)(GOOGL-1.78%)is another likely company to be worth more than Costco in a decade. That may not be a surprise, because it'salreadyworth more, with a recent market value of $1.9 trillion. Thus, even if there is a big recession, Alphabet is likely to remain bigger. Better still,it's undervalued, with a recent forward P/E of 16.3 -- well below the five-year average of 22.5. (That's partly due to a recent disappointing earnings report coupled withambitious spending plans.)
But generous spending plans, if executed well, can lead to further growth, and many still havegreat expectations for Alphabet-- whichowns little enterprises such as YouTube, Nest, and more.There are worriesabout the government breaking up the company, but there's also its growing AI technology, its forays into healthcare, its robust YouTube business, and perhaps even self-driving taxis.
Tencent Holdings(TCEHY-0.41%)isn't a household name, but it's a major enterprise in China, with a recent market value of $513 billion. To out-value Costco in a decade, it will only need to increase in value by a factor of around 2.5 -- or an average annual gain of around 10%. Its performance has been volatile over the past decade, but it has averaged annual gains of 11%. Better still, its stock appears quite undervalued now, with a recent forward P/E of 2.1, well below the five-year average of 7.5.
My colleague Billy Duberstein has dubbed Tencent "arguablyChina's best technology company," adding:
Itowns WeChat, China's dominant 1.39 billion-user social media network; is China's leading mobile game publisher; ownsfintechleader TenPay; and is the country's leading video and music streaming platforms. In addition, Tencent is one of China's leadingcloud software companies, and is building its own artificial intelligence (AI) large language model, called HunYuan.
The current trade war with China introduces uncertainty into the picture, but Tencent is a powerful conglomerate with many tentacles, and it's been growing. For example, video game revenue rose 23% year over year in the last quarter, and the company's dividend payout was hiked by 32%.
I may well end up being wrong about these predictions, but these three companies seem poised to overtake Costco's value in a decade. (That doesn't mean I plan to sell out of Costco, though, as I plan to remain a long-term shareholder of it.) If any of these businesses intrigue you, dig deeper into them.
Before you buy stock inCostco Wholesale, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCostco Wholesalewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $502,231!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $678,552!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is800% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors.Selena Maranjianhas positions in Alphabet, Apple, Costco Wholesale, and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Apple, Costco Wholesale, Intel, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing, and Tencent. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: short May 2025 $30 calls on Intel. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/15/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends