Title: Is Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM) Among The Top Goldman Sachs Value Stocks_
Date: 2025-04-15 12:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/taiwan-semiconductor-manufacturing-tsm-among-125631341.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading at significant premiums, which is why investment firms advise investors to concentrate on value stocks. Near the end of March 2025, artificial intelligence stocks that had taken the market over by storm faced losses, while undervalued stocks gained momentum. Similarly, hedge fund managers believe that now is the time to invest in value stocks, with cheap equities available across all industries. Banks, energy, consumer durables, healthcare, and media companies offer lucrative investment opportunities. So, what is value investing? Matthew Fine, portfolio manager at Third Avenue Management, describes it as identifying companies trading at a notable discount to a conservative estimate of their true value. These opportunities often arise when a business, industry, or region faces challenges that cause investors to overreact and assume current difficulties will persist long-term. This pessimism creates chances to invest at attractive valuations. While broader equity markets currently appear overvalued, largely driven by the United States, Third Avenue sees overlooked value in many individual companies. Despite a rocky economy, the fund manager believes many quality businesses have become even cheaper, offering compelling opportunities for patient investors. However, the key is to avoid buying a company that seems cheap just because it has temporary advantages that might not last. Warren Buffett is the king of value investing, and back in 2023, he commented in his annual shareholder meeting that “what gives you opportunities is other people doing dumb things”. Buffett’s Berkshire picks up stocks when others are panic-selling their holdings, and although the Oracle of Omaha understands that the world is rapidly changing, he still sees several value investing opportunities. Overall, the stock market is in mayhem because of the uncertainty brought on by US trade wars and tariffs. However, institutional investors like Goldman Sachs align with the market perspective and have a thriving $634 billion portfolio. So, let’s take a look at the top Goldman Sachs value stocks. A close-up of a complex network of integrated circuits used in logic semiconductors. To compile our list of Goldman Sachs' top value stock picks, we searched the investment firm’s Q4 2024 portfolio, starting from the top and assessing the PE ratios as of April 11. From there, we chose the top 12 stocks with PE ratios of 25 or under as Goldman Sachs' value picks. We have also mentioned the Q4 2024 hedge fund sentiment around the holdings for further insight. The list is ranked in ascending order of Goldman Sachs’ stake value. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). Goldman Sachs' Q4 2024 Stake Value: $2,183,461,911 P/E Ratio as of April 11: 20.76 Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 186 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) is the largest semiconductor firm in the world. As of the fourth quarter of 2024, Goldman Sachs held a significant position in TSM, with 11.05 million shares worth $2.18 billion. On April 10, investment advisory Bernstein maintained an Outperform rating on TSM with a price target of $251. The company kicked off 2025 strong, reporting Q1 revenue that topped expectations and came in near the high end of its guidance. On February 14, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) declared a $0.6855 per share quarterly dividend. The dividend is set to be paid on July 10, to shareholders listed by June 12. TSM announced on March 4 that it is spending an extra $100 billion to grow its chip-making business in the US, bringing its total investment to $165 billion. This is the biggest investment ever made in the US by a foreign company. The plan includes building three new factories, two packaging centers, and a big research center in Arizona. This move will create thousands of high-paying tech jobs, boost AI innovation, and help build a stronger US semiconductor supply chain. Among the hedge funds tracked by Insider Monkey, 186 funds held stakes in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) at the end of Q4 2024, compared to 158 funds in the prior quarter. Ken Fisher’s Fisher Asset Management was the biggest position holder in the company, with 28.35 million shares valued at nearly $5.6 billion. Overall, TSM ranks 9th among the Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. While we acknowledge the potential of value stocks, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than TSM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. Abbott, Taiwan Semiconductor, American Express, ManpowerGroup and D.R. Horton are included in this Analyst Blog. We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where TC Energy Corporation (NYSE:TRP) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading at […] Technology stocks are tumbling. A tariff war has started between the United States and China, injecting uncertainty into the stock market. Given how unpredictable these tariffs are, the best move may be to look for high-quality stocks that are unaffected by China and United States foreign trade, meaning companies that don't ship physical goods from China to the States or vice versa. It's not an easy matter to make predictions about the stock market, since no one really knows what it will do from day to day or even year to year. First off, why am I focusing on Costco? Costco's forward-looking price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, for example, was recently 50, well above its five-year average of 39. Drew Bredthauer, former chief commercial officer at WTG Midstream, has been appointed as president of Mora Energy. We recently published a list of the 10 Best Value Dividend Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) stands against other best value dividend stocks. Dividends, though sometimes underappreciated, have significantly contributed to long-term investor gains. Between 1960 and the end of the […] We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALNY) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been […] We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Snowflake Inc. (NYSE:SNOW) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been on […] Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
