These Stocks Moved the Most Today_ Microsoft, Eli Lilly, Kohl’s, Apple, Tesla, Meta, Qualcomm, CVS, 
2025-05-01 20-24
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/c3f2649b-8568-38ad-afeb-f5757ba64558/these-stocks-moved-the-most.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Quarterly revenue at Microsoft’s cloud-computing business jumps 21%, Eli Lilly reduces 2025 guidance, and Meta Platforms boosts its capital spending plans largely on AI investments. Meanwhile, a federal judge finds Apple violated an antitrust ruling. The iPhone maker is scheduled to report quarterly earnings later Thursday.
Tesla stock is down this year but investors appear to be regaining confidence following Elon Musk's Q1 earnings call performance.
(Bloomberg) -- Shares of Qualcomm Inc., the biggest maker of chips that run smartphones, slid after the company gave a tepid revenue forecast, underscoring concerns that tariffs will hurt demand for its products.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing U
The S&P 500 advanced 0.6% on Thursday, May 1, securing its eighth straight winning session as strong results from Microsoft and Meta helped boost tech stocks.
Qualcomm shares tumbled Thursday morning after the mobile chip designer issued a light outlook that overshadowed better-than-expected quarterly results. Monitor these major chart levels.
Apple announced an increase to its dividend when reporting second-quarter earnings on Thursday.  Shares were down 2.3% in after-hours trading as Wall Street digested disappointing revenue in the latest quarter from China and Apple's services segment.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...