Title: Here’s what Wall Street is saying about Amazon ahead of earnings
Date: 2025-05-02 15:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-saying-amazon-ahead-154030424.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Amazon (AMZN) is scheduled to report results for its first quarter of 2025 after the market close on Thursday, May 1, with a conference call scheduled for 5:00 pm ET. Here’s what to watch for:
Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals in  TipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter.
Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,  delivered straight to your inbox.
EXPECTATIONS: During the company’s last earnings call, Amazon said it saw Q1 revenue $151.0B-$155.5B, and Q1 net sales between $151.0B and $155.5B, or to grow between 5% and 9% compared with the first quarter 2024. “This guidance anticipates an unusually large, unfavorable impact of approximately $2.1B, or 150 basis points, from foreign exchange rates. Also, as a reminder, in the first quarter of 2024 the impact from Leap Year added approximately $1.5 billion in net sales,” the company stated. The company also said that operating income was expected to be between $14.0B and $18.0B, compared with $15.3 Bin first quarter 2024. “This guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal settlements are concluded,” Amazon added.
Current consensus EPS and revenue forecasts for Amazon’s first quarter stand at $1.37 and $155.13B, respectively, according to data from Yahoo Finance. The consensus EPS and revenue forecasts for Amazon’s full year 2025 stand at $6.21 and $694.41B, respectively.
CONFIDENT DESPITE UNCERTAINTY: In a research note ahead of earnings, BofA said that for Q1, it projects sales/EBIT of $155.5B/$17.8B. The firm thinks the consumer held up relatively well in Q1 despite tariff headlines. For AWS, BofA believes VA Street estimate for 17.4% year-over-year growth is achievable, with CEO Jassy indicating intra quarter that AI demand remains “insatiable.” The firm recently lowered Q2 estimates to reflect macro uncertainty, partially offset by FX tailwinds. For the outlook, BofA expects Q2 sales guide of $154B-$160B, and for operating income, it expects $12.0B-$17.0B, below Street at $17.5B, as lower-end reflects tariff uncertainty and usual management. The firm acknowledges Q2 and second half of the year revenue uncertainty, but remains confident on Amazon’s ability to take share in e-commerce, improve retail margins via headcount cuts, and benefit from Cloud AI demand.
EARNINGS PRESSURES: Last week, Raymond James downgraded Amazon.com to Outperform from Strong Buy with a price target of $195, down from $275. Due to an “uneven” macro environment, tariffs, and “steepening investment intensity,” the Street is underestimating Amazon’s earnings pressures in 2025 and 2026, the firm tells investors in a research note. Raymond downgraded the shares to Outperform pending greater investment and return on investment visibility. Regardless of tariff “stickiness,” further supply chain and logistics diversification likely create a drag for Amazon given its China and rural U.S. demand-side platform exposures, contends the firm. Raymond James remains “constructive” on the company’s artificial intelligence prospects and long-term investments, but with rising earnings risk and limited monetization progress, it finds it more challenging for to stick with its Strong Buy rating. The firm now prefers shares of Meta Platforms (META), Uber (UBER), and MercadoLibre (MELI) to Amazon.
RESULTS COULD BE BETTER THAN FEARED: Benchmark lowered the firm’s price target on Buy-rated Amazon.com to $260 from $270. Amazon “feels like they could be at the confluence of several warring headlines,” including substantial exposure to Chinese sellers, pricing pressure, questions around the sustainability of cloud growth and profitability, and the ongoing offset of incremental e-commerce share gains and improving operational efficiencies throughout the fulfilment ecosystem, says the firm, which made about a 5% operating income reduction to 2025 and 2026 ahead of earnings. However, given that seismic changes do not tend to happen overnight, even in uncertain economic environments, the firm thinks “there is a decent chance results hang in better than feared.”
TARGET CUTS AHEAD OF EARNINGS: Earlier this week, UBS lowered the firm’s price target on Buy-rated Amazon.com to $253 from $272 ahead of the May 1 earnings report. The firm anticipates some level of tariff-driven demand destruction due to price elasticity, and says data from the Department of Commerce suggests goods Americans have purchased have anywhere from 55%-71% imported content across an array of categories, while food and beverage sit lower at 22%. UBS also assumes a deceleration trajectory for Amazon Web Services growth in 2025 below consensus, and that the level of capital intensity across both the e-commerce and AWS remains unchanged.
Oppenheimer also lowered the firm’s price target on Amazon.com to $220 from $260, while keeping an Outperform rating on the shares. Ahead of reporting Q1 results on Thursday, the firm is reducing its Amazon estimates to incorporate uncertainty around tariffs. Investors are highly uncertain as to the tariff impact on e-commerce, but Oppenheimer expects a greater impact on margins vs. revenue, to protect market share and customer experience.
TARIFFS: Amazon is seeking major supplier discounts and setting tough terms to protect margins amid U.S. tariffs, following its playbook from President Donald Trump’s first term, The Financial Times’ Rafe Uddin reported. According to three vendor consultants who negotiate on behalf of multiple brands and suppliers, Amazon is seeking low double-digit price cuts from the sellers of goods ranging from homeware to consumer electronics. Amazon said: “We’re working with our broad, varied range of valued selling partners in our store to support them in adapting to the developing environment while maintaining low prices for customers.”
SENTIMENT: Check out recent Media Buzz Sentiment on Amazon as measured by TipRanks.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See the top stocks recommended by analysts >>
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Looking for Exposure to ABNB Stock Ahead of Q1 Earnings? Try These Two ETFs
Hertz (HTZ) Looks to Raise Cash amid $6B Debt Load and Ongoing Bankruptcy Battle
Volkswagen, Uber launch partnership to deploy ID. Buzz AD vehicles on platform
Lyft to begin dispatching taxis to cut down on wait times, Bloomberg says
Wall St. Analysts Stunned by Bill Ackman’s Daring Leap to Revive Hertz Stock (HTZ)
Amazon anticipates net sales to grow between 7% and 11%.
As Uber gears up to report first-quarter earnings, let's find out how the expectations stack up. Also, is it the right time to buy the stock?
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Short-term loans are great for emergencies and seasonal changes but aren’t cheap.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio