Is Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ_META) a Reddit Stock with High Potential_
2025-04-16 15-31
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-platforms-inc-nasdaq-meta-153138836.html?.tsrc=rss
We recently published a list of the12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential.
On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC to discuss how investors should avoid knee-jerk reactions when it comes to volatility. Monica Guerra pointed out the significance of focusing on President Trump’s statements, as they contribute to market volatility despite their mixed and unclear nature. She acknowledged that deciphering his comments is challenging because they lack clarity but staying attentive to both presidential statements and congressional actions is still crucial. She stressed that policy certainty might emerge once Congress finalizes the budget, which is expected around August this year.
She also emphasized that while the day started positively with markets up by 0.79%, the situation otherwise remains uncertain. She reminded clients that the 90-day reprieve on tariffs is not the end of the story and the ongoing studies on semiconductors could lead to additional pressures related to tariffs and market volatility. Guerra noted that tariff revenues are being considered as funding sources for tax cuts and this interplay between tariffs and taxes could influence market volatility. On discussing future developments in tariff policy, she mentioned that more than 70 countries have approached President Trump in attempts to renegotiate the universal 10% tariff and reciprocal tariffs. She cautioned that even if reciprocal tariffs are eliminated and only the universal tariff remains, additional increases could be highly inflationary. China’s effective tariff rate is already at 145% and adding reciprocal tariffs could push inflationary pressures further.
Guerra advised clients against reacting impulsively to such news and encouraged them to focus on long-term investment goals.
We sifted through Reddit threads to make a list of the top stocks with the highest analysts’ upside potential (at least 30%) as of April 15. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of their upside potential. We have also added the hedge fund sentiment for each stock, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 1000 elite money managers.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).