Title: Meta to buy environmental attributes from Sunraycer’s Texas solar projects
Date: 2025-05-02 15:17
URL: https://www.power-technology.com/news/meta-environmental-attributes-sunraycers-solar/?.tsrc=rss

The agreements are with Sunraycer's Midpoint project in Hill County and the Gaia project in Navarro County.
Meta Platforms has signed agreements to buy environmental attributes from two of Sunraycer Renewables’ projects in Texas with a combined capacity of 240 megawatts alternating current (MWac)/310 megawatts defined conditions (MWdc).
The environmental attribute purchase agreements will facilitate the construction of the first projects in Sunraycer’s 4GWac portfolio of solar and battery facilities.

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            




The Midpoint solar project, located in Hill County, Texas, will contribute 97.5MWac to the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) grid.
Scheduled to commence commercial operations late in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Midpoint project marks a significant milestone in the state’s clean energy development.
The Gaia solar project in Navarro County will add 143MWac to the ERCOT grid, with its operational timeline aligning with the Midpoint Solar project.
Sunraycer CEO David Lillefloren said: “This partnership with Meta underscores our commitment to delivering high-quality, utility-scale solar projects that drive the transition to clean energy. 
Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis.
“We are proud to support ERCOT’s energy diversification efforts, while helping Meta meet its ambitious sustainability goals.”
Sunraycer’s expansion strategy includes strengthening partnerships with financial institutions, equipment manufacturers, and other clean energy stakeholders.
The company’s accelerant programme offers an innovative approach to collaboration with smaller developers, providing them with flexible capital solutions and comprehensive operational support.
Meta global head of energy Urvi Parekh stated: “We’re excited to support Sunraycer’s efforts to bring two solar projects to the grid in Texas.
“These projects will support our goals to match our operations with 100% clean and renewable energy.”
Sunraycer has also recently secured a $475m project financing facility, elevating its total capital to $675m since November 2024.
The financing, facilitated by MUFG Bank, Nomura Securities International and Norddeutsche Landesbank, comprises a construction-to-term loan and a tax credit bridge loan, made possible by the Inflation Reduction Act’s input tax credit transferability provisions.

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    




Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 





                                                                                                                        Future Power Technology : Power Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Power industry news, data and in-depth articles on the global trends driving power generation, renewables and innovation
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.