EXCLUSIVE_ If Meta Is Forced To Divest Instagram, WhatsApp, Or Facebook, 43% Pick This Standout
2025-05-02 02-41
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exclusive-meta-forced-divest-instagram-024125342.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
An antitrust trial against Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) has put the company's segments, such as Instagram and WhatsApp, into the spotlight, as the company could be forced to divest these units.
A Benzinga reader poll shows a potential break-up could be a value unlock for Meta Platforms as they share which new unit they would want to own.
What Happened: An antitrust trial by the Federal Trade Commission could cast a shadow over Meta Platforms, with its first-quarter financial results due Wednesday after the market close.
The trial accuses Meta of using a "buy or bury" strategy to acquire competing companies, such as Instagram and WhatsApp. The trial highlighted how Meta also considered buying Snap Inc. and has shut down some of the companies it previously acquired.
Don't Miss:
Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing — this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share.
Donald Trump just announced a $500 billion AI infrastructure deal — here's how you can invest in the entertainment market's next big disruptor at $2.25 per share.
While a forced spinoff or breakup for Meta Platforms might sound like a bad thing, it could ultimately unlock shareholder value through a sum-of-parts valuation. This could allow each unit to trade at higher multiples and highlight individual growth.
Benzinga recently asked readers if they think Meta could be worth more under a spinoff or break-up plan from the FTC.
"Meta Platforms could be forced to sell or spinoff Instagram and WhatsApp. If the spinoffs/sales happen which do you think describes what happens next?" Benzinga asked.
Sum of parts greater than current $1.27 trillion market cap: 50%
Sum of parts less than current $1.27 trillion market cap: 28%
Meta, Instagram and WhatsApp worth $1.27 trillion together still: 22%
The survey found that half of Benzinga readers believe Meta stock could be worth more with a forced spinoff or breakup.
Benzinga readers were also asked which future Meta unit they would most want to own if a breakup were to happen.
"If Meta splits into three separate companies, which would you be most interested in owning?" Benzinga asked.
Instagram: 43%
Meta Platforms/Facebook: 35%
WhatsApp: 23%
The poll found that Instagram would be the most coveted asset if traded individually.
See Also: Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold.
Why It's Important: Meta acquired Instagram for $1 billion in 2012, beating out a bid of $500 million previously offered by Twitter.
At the time of the acquisition, many experts questioned the premium valuation given Instagram's 30 million users and limited revenue.
Since the acquisition, Instagram has become one of the most important growth segments for Meta with around two billion users and hundreds of millions of daily active users.
A break-up could see Instagram get a premium valuation given its higher growth and more monetization opportunities compared to the legacy Facebook brand. Of course, the Meta Platforms/Facebook company, under a new model, could have more of the company's AI technology and platforms, which could also receive a premium valuation.
Meta has argued against the antitrust allegations, highlighting competition from TikTok and YouTube, which is owned by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). The trial remains active and will ultimately decide if Meta is forced to make any moves.
Read Next: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
The study was conducted by Benzinga from April 23, 2025 through April 28, 2025. It included the responses of a diverse population of adults 18 or older. Opting into the survey was completely voluntary, with no incentives offered to potential respondents. The study reflects results from 100 adults.
Photo: Shutterstock
Send To MSN:  Send to MSN
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This article EXCLUSIVE: If Meta Is Forced To Divest Instagram, WhatsApp, Or Facebook, 43% Pick This Standout originally appeared on Benzinga.com
Microsoft and Meta Platforms reported strong earnings last night and either reiterated or grew their capital spending plans.  As spending on AI grows, so will electricity demand.  Shares of nuclear power providers Constellation Energy (NASDAQ: CEG), Vistra Energy (NYSE: VST), and Oklo (NYSE: OKLO) were in rally mode on Thursday, up 8%, 5.8%, and 8.5%, respectively, as of 1:45 p.m. ET.
Big Tech is coming to Wall Street’s rescue, for now. But the Magnificent Seven aren’t cheap. Look for better bargains elsewhere.
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Several weeks ago, Tesla’s (TSLA) board members “were concerned” about CEO Elon Musk failing to devote enough time to the automaker, CNBC anchor Andrew Ross Sorkin reported recently. Moreover, many owners of TSLA stock were worried about the issue, he said. Sorkin, who’s also a business news columnist for The New York Times, stated that, […]
Nvidia bulls can breathe a sigh of relief on AI demand, for now.
Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) CEO Andy Jassy reinforced his mission to return the e-commerce giant to its startup roots during remarks at the Harvard Business Review Leadership Summit on Monday, emphasizing improved collaboration from the company’s return-to-office mandate and streamlined management. What Happened: Jassy, who succeeded Jeff Bezos as CEO in 2021, brings nearly three decades of Amazon experience, including his pivotal role in building Amazon Web Services (AWS) from a small team to
Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) board member Joe Gebbia made waves with a $1 million insider stock purchase—the company's first insider buy in years—just ahead of a planned stock sale by Chairwoman Robyn Denholm. What Happened: Denholm has filed a new Form ...
These are today's mortgage and refinance rates. Interest rates have decreased for the second straight week, according to Freddie Mac. Lock in your rate today.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.