Title: Apple market cap falls back below $3 trillion as 'relief rally' fades amid new tariff uncertainty
Date: 2025-04-16 16:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-market-cap-falls-back-below-3-trillion-as-relief-rally-fades-amid-new-tariff-uncertainty-160003888.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Apple (AAPL) stock fell nearly 4% on Wednesday, sending the iPhone maker's market capitalization back below $3 trillion as tariff pressures continue to weigh on the company after shares had enjoyed what some analysts called a "relief rally" earlier in the week. Apple stock surged to start the week, leading the "Magnificent Seven" stocks higher as investors cheered the Trump administration's temporary tariff exemptions for tech products announced over the weekend. The "relief rally," as Citi's Atif Malik put it, briefly put Apple's value back above the $3 trillion mark after falling to its lowest value in almost a year last week at just under $2.6 trillion. Apple is still the world's most valuable company, ahead of Microsoft (MSFT). US Customs and Border Protection issued regulations late Friday exempting consumer electronics — and almost all of Apple's products — from reciprocal tariffs. On April 2, Trump announced global reciprocal tariffs that would go into effect on April 9. Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs The president instead announced a 90-day pause on the reciprocal tariff plan last Wednesday — with the exception of a 145% reciprocal tariff on Chinese imports, a development cheered by Apple investors. Some 90% of Apple's iPhones are made in China. Apple had shed more than $770 billion from its market cap between April 2 and April 8. Apple's decline on Wednesday comes after Nvidia (NVDA) disclosed late Tuesday that the Trump administration had effectively banned exports of its H20 chips to China. Nvidia's disclosure followed reports that Trump had been set to back off plans to restrict Nvidia's chips designed for China to comply with US trade rules. To Jefferies analyst Edison Lee, these developments show that there are “many conflicting opinions within Trump's team on the issue of tariffs, strategies against China and US tech restrictions." "The concern about Apple is that it will become harder to avoid the crossfire between the US and China as tariffs and restrictions come into play," DA Davidson analyst Gil Luria told Yahoo Finance in an email. "The [export] restrictions on chips that came out from NVIDIA represent an escalation in the trade dispute." Tech stocks fell across the board Wednesday, with the Nasdaq (^IXIC) dropping 3%. Fellow Magnificent Seven stocks Meta (META) and Microsoft (MSFT) also sank, falling nearly 4%, while Nvidia plummeted almost 7%. Trump also set the stage to tariff semiconductors this week — the Commerce Department opened a probe into computer chips Tuesday under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, which grants the president the ability to impose levies on imports due to national security. And Trump has promised that most electronics will still get wrapped up in his tariffs, which could hurt Apple. "We are taking a look at Semiconductors and the WHOLE ELECTRONICS SUPPLY CHAIN in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations," he posted Sunday. Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance (Bloomberg) -- US Treasuries rallied for a third day as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank will aim to prevent tariffs from leading to stickier inflation.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe five-year note led gains in the US government debt market on Wednesday, with yields President Trump’s 25% tariffs on the auto sector are the talk of the New York International Auto Show. (Bloomberg) -- Hertz Global Holdings Inc. shares had their biggest gain ever after CNBC reported that Pershing Square Capital Management had amassed a position of almost 20% in the beleaguered car rental company.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsBill Ackman’s investment firm said in a filing Wedne Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg emphasized in federal court on Wednesday that he bought Instagram and WhatsApp because he saw value in the companies — not to take out competitors, as the Federal Trade Commission alleges in a historic antitrust trial.  Zuckerberg took the stand for the third day in the trial, wrapping up his testimony as the first witness Wednesday afternoon.  Hansen focused some of his questioning on emails sent by Zuckerberg and his associates that the FTC cited in earlier testimony to illustrate the Facebook founder's alarm over the growth of Instagram and his sense that he needed to neutralize its threat. All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say. Egypt's revenue from the Suez Canal plunged by almost two thirds last year, officials said Wednesday, attributing the sharp drop to regional tensions and wars in the Middle East that have impacted traffic through the key waterway.  The canal is a major source of foreign currency for the Egyptian government, with about 10% of world trade flowing through the waterway in recent years.  The Suez Canal Authority, which runs the waterway, said the canal generated an annual revenue of $3.991 billion in 2024, down from a historic high of $10.25 billion in 2023, according to a statement posted on its Facebook page. We recently published a list of 13 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other NASDAQ stocks to buy in 2025. On April 4, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives appeared on CNBC to discuss the potential impact […] Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential. On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC […] We recently published a list of the 10 Best Dividend Monarchs to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other best dividend monarchs. Dividend-focused investors are generally well-acquainted with terms like Dividend Aristocrats and Dividend Kings, but many may not be […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
