Title: Meta Platforms, Inc. (META): Among Billionaire David Abrams’ Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential
Date: 2025-05-08 23:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-platforms-inc-meta-among-232239353.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published a list ofBillionaire David Abrams’ 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other stock picks with huge upside potential. David Abrams foundedAbrams Capital Managementin 1999. Before forming the Boston-based investment firm, Abrams worked at Seth Klarman’sBaupost Groupfor 10 years. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a BA degree in History, where he also served on the Board of Advisors of the College of Arts and Sciences. Abrams didn’t have a finance background when he got his first job in New York in the early 1980s. He learned all about investing under Seth Klarman before setting out independently after a decade. He is a value investor, and in the ~12 years of his fund, he has achieved an annualized return of around 20%. His firm is like a one-man shop, which employs a small staff. Abrams Capital has 9 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $10.05 billion, as reported in the firm’s Form ADV dated 13 January 2025. The last reported 13F filing for Q4 2024 included $6.22 billion in managed 13F securities and a top 10 holdings concentration of 98.7%. Abrams is known for maintaining a low public profile, but in a conversation on Columbia Business School’s ‘Value Investing with Legends’ Podcast series, he discussed the surface of his foundational principles when it comes to his investment philosophy. He starts by looking at the risks first and foremost, without any consideration of prospective gains. This is a reminder that the future remains unpredictable, which Abrams puts in the following words: “When you look back, there’s one path that happened, but that doesn’t mean that going forward there’s only one path. In the future, there’s multiple paths.” Abrams’ portfolio reflects a balanced approach with exposure to growth sectors like Industrials and Consumer Cyclical, while also maintaining moderate allocations in established industries such as Communication Services. He also believes that declining industries can present stability because they attract limited new entrants. This also implies that high-growth sectors are, on the contrary, characterized by intense competition, which necessitates a more detailed analysis of potential competitive threats. Here’s what Abrams had to say about this: “If you have a shrinking industry and it’s dying, it’s like, people are not dying to get into that.” Abrams serves as a director of several private companies. He is currently on the board of MITMCO, which manages the MIT endowment. Previously, he was a trustee of Berklee College of Music for 15 years, where he chaired the investment committee. He was also the trustee of Milton Academy. To compile the list of billionaire David Abrams’ 10 stock picks with huge upside potential, we sifted through Q4 2024 13F filings of Abrams Capital Management from Insider Monkey. From these filings, we checked each stock’s upside potential from CNN and ranked the stocks in ascending order of this upside potential. We have also added Abrams Capital Management’s stake in each stock as well as the broader hedge fund sentiment for it. Note: All data was sourced on May 8. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A team of developers working in unison to create the company's messaging application. Abrams Capital Management’s Stake: $326.57 million Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 262 Average Upside Potential as of May 8: 15.61% Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is a technology company that owns leading social platforms. These include Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and Meta Quest VR under its Family of Apps (FoA) segment. It also employs AI across its platform to improve content discovery, ad delivery, and product development. Meta’s FoA advertising revenue totaled $41.4 billion in Q1 2025, which was up 16% year-over-year. This segment accounts for the vast majority of Meta’s total revenue, which was $42.3 billion in Q1. This growth is attributed to a 5% increase in the total number of ad impressions served and a 10% increase in the average price per ad. Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is also investing in AI to further enhance its advertising capabilities. One example of early success from this integration includes a 30% increase in advertisers using AI creative tools in the last quarter alone. On April 30, BofA Securities analyst Justin Post maintained a Buy rating on the stock with a price target of $640 due to the company’s advancement in AI and particularly its open-source approach. Overall, METAranks 8thon our list of billionaire David Abrams’ stock picks with huge upside potential. While we acknowledge the growth potential of META, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than META but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?