Title: Mark Zuckerberg Pushes Trump To 'Respond Aggressively' As EU Threatens Meta's Ad Revenue – A Big Tec
Date: 2025-04-15 16:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerberg-pushes-trump-respond-163146994.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is back in the global spotlight, not over virtual reality or Threads—but its battle with European regulators. And now, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg reportedly wants help from President Donald Trump to calm the storm overseas. The Wall Street Journal reported on March 31 that Meta executives are lobbying U.S. trade officials to intervene after the European Commission threatened a cease-and-desist order that could pull the plug on Meta’s ad personalization model in the European Union. That’s a big deal, considering Meta made over $160 billion in ad revenue in 2024, according to Statista. Don't Miss: Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm — invest pre-IPO from $0.60 per share now. ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum. Meta’s “pay or consent” system, rolled out in November 2023, is at the heart of the issue. It gave European users two choices: pay for ad-free access to Facebook and Instagram or accept targeted ads by consenting to data collection. But regulators weren’t impressed. Meta’s revised pay-or-consent policy didn’t appease the European Consumer Organization either. Its director general, Agustín Reyna, said, “European consumers should not be fooled by the cosmetic changes Meta applies to its one-year-old pay-or consent policy,” according to a Jan. 23 statement. The European Commission essentially accused Meta of coercing users into surrendering their data. Reyna added, “In our view, the tech giant fails to address the fundamental issue that Facebook and Instagram users are not being presented with a fair choice and is making a weak bid to argue it is complying with EU law while still pushing users towards its behavioral ads system.” Trending: Invest in the future of digital engagement: Own a piece of the $100 billion Metaverse for just $500. Meta might now be forced to offer completely free versions that avoid detailed user tracking altogether. In accordance with EU’s 2022 Digital Markets Act, Meta would potentially pay fines of up to 10% of its annual global revenue, which could total around $16.5 billion. Meta disagrees. The company argues that offering subscriptions as an alternative to ads is a standard business model. Meanwhile, the European Commission insists that the DMA should be applied equally, no matter where a company is based. But Meta claims this is more than just a legal dispute—economic warfare. According to the New York Post, a Meta spokesperson said, “This is not just about fines — it’s about the Commission seeking to handicap successful American businesses simply because they’re American while letting Chinese and European rivals off the hook.” See Also: With shares starting at $1.52, this could be your chance to invest in the future of healthcare. ​On April 2, Trump announced sweeping tariffs, including a 10% baseline on all imports and higher, country-specific penalties for “unfair” practices. The 10% tariff took effect on April 5 and remains in place, including for the EU. However, the higher tariffs were suspended for 90 days shortly after their announcement. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick backed the move. He told Fox News, “The European Union won’t take chicken from America. They won’t take lobsters from America. They hate our beef because it is beautiful, and theirs is weak.” Read Next: This investment company boasts a 33.85% internal rate of return (IRR) for its realized projects, allowing accredited investors to earn passive returns and avoid the headaches of being a landlord. Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets – with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share! Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? This article Mark Zuckerberg Pushes Trump To 'Respond Aggressively' As EU Threatens Meta's Ad Revenue – A Big Tech Showdown? originally appeared on Benzinga.com © 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. (Reuters) -Cloud-based designer platform Figma on Tuesday confidentially filed for an initial public offering in the United States, more than a year after a $20 billion deal to be acquired by Adobe was shelved due to regulatory roadblocks.  Figma had been widely considered as a candidate to go public after antitrust regulators in Europe and Britain blocked Adobe's deal in December 2023 in what would have been one of the biggest acquisitions of a software startup.  Last year, Figma was valued at $12.5 billion after it closed a deal to allow its employees and early investors to sell their stake to new and existing investors. American Airlines said Tuesday that it will introduce free Wi-Fi for its "AAdvantage" rewards members starting in January 2026. Two banks recently issued bullish notes on Netflix (NFLX), Schwab Network reported. Meanwhile, the company is seeking to raise its market capitalization to $1 trillion by 2030, according to The Wall Street Journal. Bank of America and Evercore ISI Are Upbeat on NFLX Netflix has “a strong subscription model with critical entertainment,” Bank of America […] Overseas visitor numbers fell by 11.6%, with European arrivals dropping sharply.  ✈️ The picture has darkened close enough to the quarterly “quiet period” that many travel-related companies have yet to quantify the impact, but airlines Delta and Frontier pulled financial guidance. Boise, Idaho-based grocer focuses on digital sales, warehouse automation, pharmacy in 2025 Citi analyst Ronald Josey cut his price target on Meta, Amazon, Reddit and more stocks because of concerns over a potential slowdown in ad spending. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […] Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
