Title: Magnificent Seven Stocks Sell Off_ Nvidia Plunges; Apple, Tesla Dive
Date: 2025-04-16 19:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4205eaa9-f620-3a0b-a81a-0e82c7c9fd0b/magnificent-seven-stocks-sell.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far.
Tesla  stock fell Wednesday amid continuing economic fears.  “Tariffs are highly likely to generate at least a temporary rise in inflation,” Powell said in prepared remarks on Wednesday.  It has been a volatile few months for Tesla stock.
President Donald Trump’s tariffs, which are expected to slow economic growth, could cause companies to reduce their technology budgets in the face of uncertain demand and profits.  Already, chief information officers surveyed by Morgan Stanley software analyst Keith Weiss have indicated they expect to grow their budgets by just over 3% this year on average, down from an expectation of just over 4% before Trump’s tariff announcements.
All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say.
Bitcoin and other cryptos were showing signs of a sustained recovery at the start of the week after the market upheaval following President Donald Trump’s tariff plans.  Bitcoin  is up 0.6% to $85,477 over the past 24 hours, according to CoinDesk data.  XRP  the digital coin used to facilitate and settle transactions on Ripple’s payment platform, fell 0.3% to $2.15.
Asian shares mostly rose Thursday, despite the continued fretting over President Donald Trump’s trade war, with all eyes on negotiations that just began between the administration and Japan.  Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 0.7% to 34,142.86 in morning trading.  Honda stock price jumped 1.7% after the Japanese automaker said it plans to move its production of the five-door Civic hybrid electric vehicles for the U.S. market from Japan to the company's plant in Indiana.
Apple (AAPL) will effectively develop Apple Intelligence, while “new form factors” will boost the tech giant’s 2026 revenue, Angelo Zino, a senior equity analyst at CFRA Research predicted recently on the Schwab Network. Zino has a $235 price target and a Buy rating on the shares. Apple’s Positive Catalysts The development of Apple Intelligence, which […]
The automaker joins a growing list of companies tapping the EV segment leader’s fast-charging technology.
Catch up on the top industries and stocks that were impacted, or were predicted to be impacted, by the comments, actions and policies of President Donald Trump with this daily recap compiled by The Fly: TARIFF EXEMPTION: According to new guidance from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, President Trump has exempted smartphones, computers, and other electronic devices and components, including semiconductors, solar cells, flat panel TV displays, flash drives, and memory cards from the reciprocal
One major auto-industry tracker thinks President Donald Trump’s vision of purely U.S.-made cars is purely fantasy.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for TSLA's to-be-reported quarter's earnings and revenues is pegged at 45 cents per share and $21.85 billion, respectively.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
