Title: Trump's FTC antitrust cops just got a loud warning about blocking tech tie-ups
Date: 2025-05-08 13:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trumps-ftc-antitrust-cops-just-got-a-loud-warning-about-blocking-tech-tie-ups-134259144.html?.tsrc=rss

President Trump's antitrust cops at the Federal Trade Commission just received a loud warning about attempts to block any future technology mergers. It came as the FTC on Wednesday lost a roughly three-year-long attempt to undo Microsoft's (MSFT) $69 billion acquisition of gaming giant Activision Blizzard on the grounds that the deal violated antitrust law. A three-judge panel for the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals made it clear that regulators need to show evidence, and not solely a theory, that a tie-up will cause real harm to competition. They ruled that the FTC failed to show that Microsoft would withhold from rivals Activision's widely popular video game "Call of Duty," nor that the tie-up would reduce competition in cloud gaming. "Given the FTC's failure to make an adequate showing as to its likelihood of success on the merits as to any of its theories, the district court properly denied the FTC's motion for a preliminary injunction on that basis," Circuit Judge Daniel P. Collins wrote in a 40-page decision. The unanimous decision pushes back on a wide antitrust enforcement net cast by the Trump and Biden administrations to rein in Big Tech, even as federal prosecutors continueantitrust litigationagainst Google (GOOG,GOOGL), Apple (APPL), andMeta(META). The government has been successful in arguing that Google illegally monopolized the general search engine market and usedillegal tacticsto block competition in markets where online advertisements are bought and sold. The Trump administration is currently asking judges toapprove a breakupof Google's empire to remedy the monopoly behavior. Microsoft closed on its deal to acquire Activision, the largest game publisher in North America, in October 2023 after a California federal district court declined to grant the FTC a temporary injunction to halt the deal. In addition to the hit “Call of Duty” franchise, the company also offers “World of Warcraft,” “Diablo,” and “Overwatch.” The firm also owns mobile game publisher King, the company behind “Candy Crush.” Adding those franchises to Microsoft’s existing titles, including “Halo” and “Forza,” catapulted Microsoft past Nintendo (NTDOY) to make the company the second-largest home console maker by revenue behind Sony (SONY). It also put Microsoft behind Tencent and Sony as the third-largest gaming company by global revenue. The FTC re-upped a challenge to the merger in a lawsuit filed in the agency's in-house court, despite the fact that the appellate court denied its request for an injunction to pause the merger. Technically, the FTC can continue its in-house challenge, but the appeals court ruling may derail its ambitions to continue pursuing a breakup. The FTC had alleged that combining the two companies would hurt competition in three gaming markets: game consoles, subscription content, and cloud gaming. It also claimed that Microsoft’s control of Activision's content would enable it to withhold or degrade Activision's content in ways that substantially lessen competition, including competition on product quality, price, and innovation. However, under pressure from US regulators and antitrust enforcers in the United Kingdom, Microsoft agreed to allow "Call of Duty" on Sony’s PlayStation for 10 years. Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X@alexiskweed. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Microsoft (MSFT) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock? The company filed an emergency motion to temporarily fend off changes to the U.S. App Store that were ordered by a district court judge in its antitrust suit with Epic Games. AppLovin’s superior AI recommendation engine Axon helped drive strong revenue growth in the fourth quarter.  MongoDB believes AI is a generational shift that will boost demand for its document-oriented database platform. Shares plunged on fears of search disruption. That doesn’t mean the company isn’t prepared for change. American workers are the least confident they've been in over four years about finding a new job if they become unemployed, according to a new survey released by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on Thursday. Apple "has incentive for Google to appear weaker in search," at least one analyst said Thursday, brushing off the sharp drop in Alphabet stock seen Wednesday. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.