Title: Meta Shares Tips on How to Maximize Click-to-Message Ads
Date: 2025-04-16 16:28
URL: https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/meta-shares-click-to-messaging-ad-tips/745595/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Let Social Media Today’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

Meta’s click to messaging ads have seen significant growth of late, with the promotions helping brands tap into the familiarity and intimacy of DMs, and sparking immediate connection.
Indeed, Meta has reported that click-to-message ads, in all formats (for Messenger, IG Direct, and WhatsApp) have been gaining popularity, which could make them a viable consideration for your strategy.
And if you are considering Meta’s click-to-message promotions, Meta has shared some new tips on how to get the most out of your DM-driving promotions.
First off, in terms of general tips, Meta says that brands should:
In addition to these tips, Meta has also shared some more advanced pointers for your click-to-message campaigns:
There are more tips in Meta’s full overview, which outlines a range of ways that you can utilize click-to-message ads to best effect.
And again, with more and more social media discussion switching to messaging apps, it could be worth considering, providing a means to drive direct engagement and interaction that can lead to more purchases.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The key to maximizing a social media marketing strategy is to ground the approach in purpose.
For months, we’ve been tracking Elon Musk’s $44 billion deal with Twitter. Now that the deal is done, we watch as the Musk-Twitter era begins.
Subscribe to Social Media Today for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The key to maximizing a social media marketing strategy is to ground the approach in purpose.
For months, we’ve been tracking Elon Musk’s $44 billion deal with Twitter. Now that the deal is done, we watch as the Musk-Twitter era begins.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines