Title: Jim Cramer Says Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) Was Such a ‘Tour De Force’
Date: 2025-05-07 16:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-says-meta-platforms-163757858.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published an article titledJim Cramer Says AI Is Back & Discusses These 10 Stocks.In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against the other stocks. In a recent appearance on CNBC's Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on how market sentiment towards AI appeared to be changing. "Yeah look, this is a moment where, if you have AI, we are now saying it's good," he said. "Remember we were sick of AI for a while and now AI's back," Cramer added. He also commented on the current tensions between the US and China regarding AI and overall trade. The US has restricted sales of advanced AI chips to China, and to Cramer, the current environment "feels so much like Russia and United States from the Khrushchev time on, it really does." He added that US technology was superior to the Chinese, and when co-host David Faber pointed out that China was pushing out a lot of STEM graduates, Cramer replied: "We're four times smarter than they are. Our schools. Four times better." The US AI chip sanctions have included restricting all but 18 countries from being able to acquire the latest AI chips. The laws were introduced under the Biden administration and Cramer's been their critic. When Faber asked him to explain the rules, called 'Diffusion Rules,' Cramer outlined: "Okay so Biden picked 18 friends. 18 friendly nations that were allowed to get all the chips that they . . and then there was the next group, which was the not so friendly, which when look at, is a lot of EU countries which I always thought were friendly because of NATO, that kind of thing. . .Iceland, Mexico, not in there. And then there's just the enemies list." Cramer added rather cryptically: "And some people now feel that they're going to offer licensing for a country which would really be bad. Worse than what Biden did." He added: "No they have got to get that changed because. . .if you go check, Jensen Huang did this . . .he did this huge tour, all around the world, to all these countries that are basically going to be denied and that are not friendly." As for the impact of tariffs on economic growth, Cramer believes: "Well, we gotta see, this next quarter is the quarter where, everyone is so concerned." To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on May 1st. For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A team of developers working in unison to create the company's messaging application. Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 262 Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is a frequent feature of Cramer's morning show. Over the course of the year, he has attributed share price strength to the firm's cost-cutting efforts and linked weakness to economic concerns that drive down advertisement spending. More recently, Cramer has also wondered whether tariffs on Chinese goods will lead to lower Chinese advertisement spending on Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META)'s social media platforms. Here are his recent thoughts: "Look, Meta was such a tour de force, that I found myself thinking, if I could start a business I'd like to send a check to Zuckerberg and he would target the people I need to find. I mean this was a call where they actually just said basically Procter & Gamble, what are you doing? McDonald's, stop. I mean he was saying that advertisers, if you put money into linear TV, you're just trying to reach the septuagenarian crowd or octogenarian crowd. Come join us. It was just, it was so good. Still they're losing more than $4 billion in Reality Labs, but that's some sort of what, is that Area 51 or something?" Overall METAranks 2ndon our list of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of META as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than META but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says AI Is Back & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against the other stocks. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on how market sentiment towards AI […] We recently published a list of Why These 10 Stocks Soared Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coupang, Inc. (NYSE:CPNG) stands against other Wednesday’s best-performing stocks. The stock market rebounded on Wednesday, with all major indices ending in the green as investors cheered the Federal Reserve’s decision to keep […] We came across a bullish thesis on Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) on Substack by LongYield. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on META. Meta Platforms, Inc. (META)’s share was trading at $572.21 as of May 1st. META’s trailing and forward P/E were 22.37 and 22.78 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Meta’s Q1 2025 results […] Meta’s CEO is promoting a future where artificial intelligence is increasingly intertwined with people’s lives. Meta Platforms (META) recently announced its Q1 2025 earnings, and the results were nothing short of extraordinary. With so much stock negativity flying around in recent weeks, the company delivered robust growth across key metrics, and the market responded enthusiastically. After thoroughly reviewing the numbers, I remain stoutly bullish on Meta’s trajectory. In fact, I believe the stock has a clear path to surpassing the $800 mark within the next 12 months. In the sections ahead, I’ll explain Uncertainty over tariffs, supply chain instability, and other broader macroeconomic headwinds are pushing a growing number of major companies to pull their 2025 earnings guidance. From automakers to airlines and consumer giants, firms are increasingly opting to sit out of the forecasting game, citing economic uncertainty that, for some, is getting too thick to navigate. 73% of surveyed Europeans said they supported the sharing of healthcare data in exchange for personalised treatment plans. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.