Possible Bearish Signals With Bank of America Insiders Disposing Stock
2025-05-01 13-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/possible-bearish-signals-bank-america-130009887.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Over the past year, many Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) insiders sold a significant stake in the company which may have piqued investors' interest. When evaluating insider transactions, knowing whether insiders are buying is usually more beneficial than knowing whether they are selling, as the latter can be open to many interpretations. However, if numerous insiders are selling, shareholders should investigate more.
While insider transactions are not the most important thing when it comes to long-term investing, we do think it is perfectly logical to keep tabs on what insiders are doing.
We've found 21 US stocks that are forecast to pay a dividend yield of over 6% next year. See the full list for free.
The insider, Bernard Mensah, made the biggest insider sale in the last 12 months. That single transaction was for US$3.7m worth of shares at a price of US$39.81 each. That means that an insider was selling shares at below the current price (US$39.88). We generally consider it a negative if insiders have been selling, especially if they did so below the current price, because it implies that they considered a lower price to be reasonable. While insider selling is not a positive sign, we can't be sure if it does mean insiders think the shares are fully valued, so it's only a weak sign. It is worth noting that this sale was only 49% of Bernard Mensah's holding.
Bank of America insiders didn't buy any shares over the last year. You can see the insider transactions (by companies and individuals) over the last year depicted in the chart below. If you click on the chart, you can see all the individual transactions, including the share price, individual, and the date!
 See our latest analysis for Bank of America 
If you are like me, then you will not want to miss this free list of small cap stocks that are not only being bought by insiders but also have attractive valuations.
Another way to test the alignment between the leaders of a company and other shareholders is to look at how many shares they own. Usually, the higher the insider ownership, the more likely it is that insiders will be incentivised to build the company for the long term. It's great to see that Bank of America insiders own 0.2% of the company, worth about US$488m. Most shareholders would be happy to see this sort of insider ownership, since it suggests that management incentives are well aligned with other shareholders.
There haven't been any insider transactions in the last three months -- that doesn't mean much. It's heartening that insiders own plenty of stock, but we'd like to see more insider buying, since the last year of Bank of America insider transactions don't fill us with confidence. Therefore, you should definitely take a look at this FREE report showing analyst forecasts for Bank of America.
But note: Bank of America may not be the best stock to buy. So take a peek at this free list of interesting companies with high ROE and low debt.
For the purposes of this article, insiders are those individuals who report their transactions to the relevant regulatory body. We currently account for open market transactions and private dispositions of direct interests only, but not derivative transactions or indirect interests.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
(Bloomberg) -- Veteran emerging-markets investor Mark Mobius is keeping the bulk of his funds’ holdings in cash as he waits out the trade-related uncertainty, which is likely to persist for up to six months. Most Read from BloombergNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowAt Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black HistoryNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Walmart Inc. (NYSE:WMT) stands against the other stocks. As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes that the sentiment […]
Truist analyst Tobey Sommer lowered the firm’s price target on Insperity (NSP) to $70 from $82 and keeps a Hold rating on the shares after its Q1 earnings miss and below-consensus guide. The firm is citing deteriorating SMB sentiment and risks of further healthcare issues, along with higher healthcare utilization, the analyst tells investors in a research note. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> See today’s best-perform
In today’s hyper-competitive eCommerce landscape, where consumers demand fast, free, and flawless delivery, traditional fulfilment models are being pushed to their limits.
Catalyst (CPRX) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
LiveOne (LVO) announced that it is exploring strategic options following the $207M Napster sale. Robert Ellin, Chairman and CEO, commented, “In evaluating the market landscape, we firmly believe that our current stock valuation fails to accurately reflect the company’s intrinsic value. Recent transactions, such as the sale of Napster for $207 million, reinforce our conviction that our assets and growth prospects are significantly undervalued. Furthermore, given the global interest in the company
We recently published a list of the 25 Cheap Dividend Stocks Being Targeted by Short Sellers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Franklin Resources, Inc. (NYSE:BEN) stands against other cheap dividend stocks. Short sellers — investors who profit from falling stock prices —are seeing a surge in success in 2025. […]
Truist lowered the firm’s price target on Brown & Brown to $130 from $138 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares after its Q1 results. The firm is citing pressure on broker valuations in the wake of decelerating organic growth across the space this quarter, the analyst tells investors in a research note. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >> Read More on BRO: Brown & Brown Re
JPM and BAC dominate U.S. banking. But one of them offers investors better long-term value. Let's find out which stock deserves a place in your portfolio.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was […]