Wall Street banks finally rid themselves of Elon Musk's X debt
2025-04-30 12-18
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-banks-finally-rid-themselves-of-elon-musks-x-debt-121843658.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Wall Street banks finally got rid of the debt tied to Elon Musk’s 2022 buyout of the social media platform now known as X.
Investors purchased the remaining $1.2 billion in loans on Monday from a group of big banks led by Morgan Stanley (MS) that included Bank of America (BAC) for roughly $0.98 on the dollar, according to a person familiar with the matter.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier on the banks’ final sale of the debt.
Big banks fronted roughly $13 billion in financing in 2022 when Musk bought Twitter, a social media platform he renamed X, for $44 billion. The financing included a $500 million revolving credit facility.
But those loans lost value as X struggled, and the banks weren’t able to get them off their books without taking significant losses.
Holding such debt for an extended period can be a substantial drag on banks' regulatory capital requirements, reducing their capacity to finance new buyout deals.
In January, the group began sounding out investors about their interest in purchasing portions of the debt initially provided to Musk in 2022 to take over the social media platform now known as X.
The hope was that future prospects for X were seen as rosier given Musk’s close alliance with President Trump. The banks were also remiss in losing such a client as Musk, the world’s richest man.
After all, Musk owns several private companies that may one day go public through an initial public offering, including rocket and satellite company SpaceX (SPAX.PVT), which has an estimated value of $387 billion, according to Yahoo Finance data.
Banks sold a $1 billion portion of the debt that month for approximately $0.95 on the dollar.
They quickly followed that up with another sale in early February for a $5.5 billion portion at $0.98 on the dollar. Later in February, the lenders sold a larger $4.7 billion portion at par.
Crucial to the success of the sale was Musk’s decision for his newer artificial intelligence company xAI to acquire the social media platform’s parent company X Corp in an all-stock transaction.
When Musk announced the merger of his two companies in late March, he said that their combined value was $80 billion.
During the two and half years they held onto the X debt, banks did earn a steady stream of interest payments. That amount hasn’t been disclosed. Back in February, an estimate by Bloomberg put their collective interest income from the loans in the billions.
David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
If return-on-investment is a top priority for your college experience, you may want to consider one of these universities, where Gen Z grads can earn over $4 million in accrued earnings—and it's not Harvard.
Elon Musk gave what sounded like a farewell speech at President Donald Trump's Cabinet meeting. Musk's influence on Trump and Washington has become complicated as the head of the Department of Government Efficiency. Bloomberg's Hadriana Lowenkron and Beth Fouhy of FGS Global, discuss Musk's legacy.
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve policymakers have signaled that short-term interest rates will remain unchanged as they wait for clearer signs that inflation is nearing the U.S. central bank's 2% goal or until there is a whiff of a deteriorating job market.  The data so far has presented neither of those scenarios to the Fed, and though economists say the real drag from President Donald Trump's aggressive import tariffs lies ahead, there is a great amount of uncertainty over where the policies will end up and the degree and timing of their impact on prices and jobs.  "The cone of possibilities," as Cleveland Fed President Beth Hammack put it recently, is quite large, and includes the possibility of persistently higher inflation coupled with a slowdown in economic activity that would require the central bank to pick which battle to fight.
Apple is the world's largest company by market cap right now, but it could be overtaken by this fast-growing chipmaker in the coming year.  The booming demand for artificial intelligence (AI) hardware has helped this chipmaker deliver outstanding growth.  It also explains why analysts are anticipating greater upside gains from this stock than Apple's.
Less market volatility is bringing some rate relief during peak homebuying season. The rate on a 30-year mortgage averaged 6.76% this week, according to Freddie Mac data.
“Looking back on the earnings call from last week, we saw a dialed-in and ‘reading the room’ Musk we have rarely seen in the past.”
Radian (RDN) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 4.21% and 6.39%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Orange County Bancorp, Inc. (OBT) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 14.93% and 3.64%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Despite tariff relief, prices are still set to rise.
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...