Wall Street banks finally rid themselves of Elon Musk's X debt
2025-04-30 12-18
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-banks-finally-rid-themselves-of-elon-musks-x-debt-121843658.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Wall Street banks finally got rid of the debt tied to Elon Musk’s 2022 buyout of the social media platform now known as X.
Investors purchased the remaining $1.2 billion in loans on Monday from a group of big banks led by Morgan Stanley (MS) that included Bank of America (BAC) for roughly $0.98 on the dollar, according to a person familiar with the matter.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier on the banks’ final sale of the debt.
Big banks fronted roughly $13 billion in financing in 2022 when Musk bought Twitter, a social media platform he renamed X, for $44 billion. The financing included a $500 million revolving credit facility.
But those loans lost value as X struggled, and the banks weren’t able to get them off their books without taking significant losses.
Holding such debt for an extended period can be a substantial drag on banks' regulatory capital requirements, reducing their capacity to finance new buyout deals.
In January, the group began sounding out investors about their interest in purchasing portions of the debt initially provided to Musk in 2022 to take over the social media platform now known as X.
The hope was that future prospects for X were seen as rosier given Musk’s close alliance with President Trump. The banks were also remiss in losing such a client as Musk, the world’s richest man.
After all, Musk owns several private companies that may one day go public through an initial public offering, including rocket and satellite company SpaceX (SPAX.PVT), which has an estimated value of $387 billion, according to Yahoo Finance data.
Banks sold a $1 billion portion of the debt that month for approximately $0.95 on the dollar.
They quickly followed that up with another sale in early February for a $5.5 billion portion at $0.98 on the dollar. Later in February, the lenders sold a larger $4.7 billion portion at par.
Crucial to the success of the sale was Musk’s decision for his newer artificial intelligence company xAI to acquire the social media platform’s parent company X Corp in an all-stock transaction.
When Musk announced the merger of his two companies in late March, he said that their combined value was $80 billion.
During the two and half years they held onto the X debt, banks did earn a steady stream of interest payments. That amount hasn’t been disclosed. Back in February, an estimate by Bloomberg put their collective interest income from the loans in the billions.
David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Stocks recover from earlier losses as markets move through the worst 'first 100 days' of a U.S. President since Richard Nixon.
The president blamed former President Biden for a market pullback as another series of dour economic indicators created new pressure on his trade plans.
The Federal Reserve is in a tough spot following the release of new data Wednesday reinforcing slower economic growth and higher inflation during the first quarter.
Hedge fund billionaires Israel Englander and Paul Tudor Jones sold Nvidia stock and bought positions in the SPDR Gold Shares ETF in the fourth quarter.  The SPDR Gold Shares ETF has outperformed the S&P 500 year to date as tariffs imposed by President Donald Trump have pushed investors away from risk assets.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Bears Got ‘Pantsed’ & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the […]
Taxes on Social Security benefits apply at frustratingly low income thresholds.  Most people know what it take to qualify for Social Security, more or less.  You work and pay taxes on your income, and in exchange, you're eligible for benefits down the line.
Consumers can expect higher prices and delivery delays when the Trump administration ends a duty-free exemption on low-value imports from China Friday.  The expiration of the so-called de minimis rule that has allowed as many as 4 million low-value parcels to come into the U.S. every day — mostly from China — is also forcing businesses that have built their models on sourcing production in China to rethink their practices in order to keep their costs down.  For instance, companies that make their goods in the U.S. may feel relief from the competition of cheap Chinese imports, and likely experience a brighter sales outlook.
E-commerce air cargo shipments from China to the U.S. since mid-April have dropped roughly 50 percent compared to the same period last year.
Michael Mazzeo will become the new dean of the Olin Business School at Washington University (Photo credit: Doug Birkenheuer/WUSTL When Washington University Olin Business School Dean Mike Mazzeo led the creation of a new ... The post WashU Olin Business School Makes A Big Bet On The Business Of Health appeared first on Poets&Quants.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.