Banks, fintech, and crypto are colliding in the new Trump era
2025-04-29 08-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/banks-fintech-and-crypto-are-colliding-in-the-new-trump-era-080048134.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Trump 2.0 era is producing new crossovers in the financial world as some crypto firms consider applying for banking licenses and some banks consider issuing their own digital assets.
The convergence is picking up momentum as the new administration loosens restrictions on both crypto operations and traditional banking giants.
The latest evidence of this mashup is that crypto upstarts Circle, BitGo, Coinbase Global (COIN), and Paxos are all either considering or planning to seek a US bank license in some form, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.
"This is something Coinbase is actively considering but has not made any formal decisions yet," a Coinbase spokesperson told Yahoo Finance.
At the same time, Bank of America (BAC) has indicated it is open to issuing its own stablecoin as Congress weighs new legislation governing those digital assets. Stablecoins are pegged to other assets, most often the US dollar.
"If they make that legal, we will go into that business," Bank of America's Brian Moynihan said in February. Bank of America is the nation's second-largest lender.
Other traditional banks and payments providers are also testing or considering a deeper involvement with stablecoins, from Standard Chartered to PayPal (PYPL) to Stripe. Money management giant Fidelity Investments has also begun testing its own stablecoin, according to the Financial Times.
"Some of the traditional banks, they're going to embrace and start offering crypto-related products directly," BitGo CEO Mike Belshe told Yahoo Finance. "We're also going to see crypto moving more towards traditional finance as well, which is crypto companies like BitGo offering more traditional services."
The latest barrier between the bank and crypto worlds that was lifted by the Trump administration came last week when the Federal Reserve rescinded guidance cautioning lenders from dabbling in crypto.
One result is that lenders no longer need to seek advance approval from the Fed before moving forward in crypto-related activities.
The stablecoin regulatory framework that the Trump administration wants Congress to pass this year may be motivating some crypto firms to seek banking licenses, since the legislation being considered by lawmakers would likely require stablecoin issuers to have charters or licenses.
"Circle does not intend to become a bank or any other kind of an insured depository institution,” Dante Disparte, Circle's chief strategy officer said in a post on X last week. "We do intend to comply with a future U.S. regulatory framework for payment stablecoins, which may require registering for a federal or state trust charter or other nonbank license."
Bank charters might also offer crypto firms a way to hedge the chance that legislation is delayed by D.C. and gain legitimacy, according to a Bloomberg report.
"A bank charter is a privilege," Daniel Hartman, a financial sector-focused attorney for law firm Nutter and former legal counsel at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, told Yahoo Finance. "Getting welcomed into that system adds an immense amount of credibility," Hartman added.
In recent years, some banks have aimed to offer more crypto-targeted banking as a niche undertaking. The move proved lucrative for a time as bitcoin and other digital assets began to grow in popularity during the pandemic.
Ultimately, the move was thwarted in the aftermath of the 2022 collapse of crypto exchange FTX and the 2023 collapse of crypto-friendly lenders Silvergate and Signature Bank. That series of events posed something of a taboo in the eyes of regulators for lenders looking to try a similar strategy.
But that taboo is falling away in the new Trump era as a flurry of fintech firms and lenders look to take some share in the crypto market, particularly stablecoins.
"We've wanted to build this product for around a decade, and it's now happening," Stripe CEO Patrick Collison said in a post on X last Friday.
The fintech firm acquired stablecoin platform Bridge in February and is now testing stablecoin payments products for companies based outside the US, UK, and European Union.
PayPal, the largest fintech firm to issue a stablecoin so far, last week announced plans to offer users a 3.7% annual yield for holding its stablecoin (PYUSD) on its payments app Venmo. Coinbase also recently waived fees for users looking to buy or sell the asset on its platform.
Circle, issuer of the world's second-largest stablecoin (USDC), also announced that a number of banks, including Deutsche Bank, Santander, and Standard Chartered, are advising it on designing a new cross-border payments network billed as a SWIFT competitor.
And last month, World Liberty Financial, a new crypto startup backed by President Trump and his sons, unveiled plans to mint its own US-dollar-pegged stablecoin in partnership with BitGo.
"If you asked anybody six months ago, nobody really would have thought we would be getting here, but now we're here," Belshe, BitGo's CEO, said when speaking about how quickly crypto and Wall Street have begun to intermingle since Trump's election victory.
David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Your day-ahead look for April 30, 2025
The U.S. crypto exchange filed a brief in a longstanding privacy battle over records the tax agency sought on customers' crypto transactions.
On April 16, Secretary of the Interior Doug Burgum sent a stop-work order to Equinor, the Norwegian company building a project near New York.
The service will rely on Bridge’s stablecoin tools and will roll out in places like Ecuador, Peru, and Colombia.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was […]
U.S. stocks fell for a third consecutive month in April as uncertainty about President Trump's tariff policies wreaked havoc on Wall Street. Here are five stocks worth keeping an eye on in May.
(Bloomberg) -- Cryptocurrency-linked stocks rallied in April, riding a surge in the price of Bitcoin to emerge largely unscathed by the turbulence that roiled US equity markets.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowSha
Chinese battery giant CATL <300750.SZ> plans to launch its Hong Kong listing during the week of May 12, according to two sources with direct knowledge of the matter, in what is set to be the city's largest share sale in four years.  The bookbuilding for the deal, or the process to invite bids for the equity offering from investors, is expected to begin the week of May 12, said the sources, who declined to be named discussing information that is not yet public.  CATL did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Comfort Systems USA saw its IBD SmartSelect Composite Rating jump to 96 Tuesday, up from 94 the day before.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...