Mark Mobius Says His Funds Hold 95% in Cash on Trade War Risks
2025-04-30 08-07
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-mobius-says-funds-hold-080701843.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Veteran emerging-markets investor Mark Mobius is keeping the bulk of his funds’ holdings in cash as he waits out the trade-related uncertainty, which is likely to persist for up to six months.
Most Read from Bloomberg
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
At Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black History
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
“At this stage, cash is king. So 95% of my money in the funds are in cash,” Mobius said in an interview on Bloomberg Television on Wednesday. “Right now, we’ve got to keep the cash and be ready to move when the time is right.”
Mobius, who has been investing in developing markets for about three decades, said some emerging market countries such as India will do quite well in the current environment, “but we have to wait until all of this evens out and we see a settling down of this uncertainty.”
While many Wall Street managers and strategists have turned defensive in their equity allocation, Mobius’s high levels of cash holdings still appear extreme. Investor sentiment on economic prospects is the most negative in three decades, a Bank of America Corp. survey showed earlier this month.
Investors will likely only be able to assess market opportunities once the trade negotiations take place over the next four to six months, Mobius said. He added he will not hold so much cash for “more than three to four months” and will start to deploy some of the funds depending on where the opportunities are.
“If the market comes down further, of course we will put more money in,” said the co-founder of Mobius Capital Partners.
Mobius had said in an interview with newspaper Economic Times in 2023 that he oversaw about $300 million in assets under management at the time.
Investors hunkering down in US dollar cash instruments are missing out on an epic rest-of-world rally. The MSCI World Excluding United States Index, which is denominated in the US currency, is up about 10% so far this year after an unprecedented 15-day winning streak.
Mobius expects India to benefit at the expense of China as Trump looks to reshape the global supply chains away from Asia’s largest economy. “The US is very eager to make an agreement with India, because that will be the alternative to China,” he said, adding that Indian stocks tied to software and electronics hardware are on his radar.
On the other hand, “I will become very bullish on China” if the government shows a sea-change in its attitude on trade and domestic consumption.
Mobius also said he owns “a little bit with S&P 500 funds” to track the market and expects the gauge to rise from current levels by the end of the year as investor confidence returns to US investing.
“Trump doesn’t want to see a big market crash, so he will be making adjustments and announcements, which will give a little bit more confidence for people in the market,” he said.
(Updates with details on global stock index in eighth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
U.S. multinational activity propelled the Irish economy to 3.2% growth in the first quarter, as Trump fears come into focus.
The US economy contracted by 0.3% in the first quarter due to a surge in imports and moderate consumer spending. This was the first contraction since 2022. These latest GDP figures showed imports rose by an annualized 41.3% - the biggest advance in nearly five years, consumer spending advanced by 1.8%, and government spending dipped. Bloomberg's Michael McKee breaks down the numbers.
LONDON (Reuters) -Investors who rushed out of Wall Street during a month of U.S. policy shocks that raised European growth risks are turning their attention to niche markets such as Latin American currencies and gold mining stocks in a new bid to out-run trade angst.  After President Donald Trump's April 2 Liberation Day bombshell pummelled domestic stocks and the dollar, European equities that initially attracted capital fleeing the U.S. have been hit by a surging euro that threatens exports.  As Trump's budget plans rock confidence further and European industry braces for a deluge of cheap Chinese imports, investors running large global portfolios said traditionally volatile emerging markets and esoteric credit felt relatively safe, for now.
ProFrac Holding Corp. (ACDC) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Companies are developing myostatin inhibitors for GLP-1RA- related muscle loss, but some experts doubt their necessity.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Recently Discussed These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, discussed the current economic outlook on Monday as he outlined why […]
(Bloomberg) -- An age-old market maxim looms over the bounce in US stocks: Sell in May and go away.Most Read from BloombergNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowAt Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black HistoryOne of the best-known market trends, the “sell in May” effect is backed by
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was […]
JPM and BAC dominate U.S. banking. But one of them offers investors better long-term value. Let's find out which stock deserves a place in your portfolio.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...