BofA Awards Critical Funding for Conservation of Historic Artworks
2025-04-29 10-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bofa-awards-critical-funding-conservation-100000137.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Art Conservation Project will help restore art from around the world; Sydney Opera House and National Portrait Gallery among recipients
CHARLOTTE, N.C., April 29, 2025 /CNW/ -- Sixteen cultural institutions have been named as grant recipients of the 2025 Bank of America Art Conservation Project. The selections represent a wide array of artistic styles, media and cultural traditions across the United States, Europe, Asia, Australia and Latin America.
Bank of America's Art Conservation Project began in 2010 to help address the critical need to preserve artwork for future generations.  Since then, more than 275 grants have been awarded in 40 countries to conserve paintings, sculptures, works on paper, manuscripts and archeological pieces.
This year's projects include:
Possum Dreaming by Michael Nelson Jagamara and Salute to Slessor's 5 Bells by John Olsen at the Sydney Opera House
The Blinding of Samson by Rembrandt Harmensz Rijn at the Städel Museum in Frankfurt
A Rake's Progress by William Hogarth at Sir John Soane's Museum in London
More than 100 paintings of American Presidents at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.
La Debutante by Roberto Matta at the Museo de Artes Visuales in Chile
Triptych on the East Wall of the Rothko Chapel in Houston
The Henriot Family by Pierre-Auguste Renoir at The Barnes Foundation in Philadelphia
Roadwork by McArthur Binion at the Detroit Institute of Arts
Zun Wine vessel in the shape of an owl at the Minneapolis Institute of Art
Eagle Eye by Nam June Paik at the Ackland Art Museum at UNC at Chapel Hill
Lipstick (Ascending) on Caterpillar Tracks by Claes Oldenburg at the Yale University Art Gallery in New Haven
Black Book of Hours (Horae beatae marie secundum usum curie romane) at the Hispanic Society of America, conserved in partnership with the TEFAF Restoration Fund
Six Gothic artworks at the Museo Nacional de San Carlos in Mexico City
Ezechiel stained glass windows at Sainte Chapelle in Paris
Tableau Tir by Niki de Saint Phalle at the Moderna Museet in Stockholm
Watching the Tidal Bore by Komuro Suiun at the Yamatane Museum of Art in San Paolo
"Art reflects the creativity, ingenuity and history of the people who created these works – and like everything, art is vulnerable to the passage of time," said Brian Siegel, Global Arts, Culture & Heritage Executive at Bank of America.  "Together with some of the world's finest cultural institutions, we can help preserve these works for future generations."
Watch Brian's full message.
Each project is unique, and many rely on a wide range of advanced conservation techniques to restore and preserve them. For more details on the 2025 Bank of America Art Conservation Project recipients and what each conservation project entails, please view the 2025 Art Conservation brochure (PDF).
Previous Art Conservation Project grants have been used to restore iconic pieces by Claude Monet, Vincent van Gogh, Sam Gilliam and Jenny Holzer, as well as many other artists whose work holds great importance to cultural heritage and the history of art.
Bank of America supports and partners with a wide range of arts-focused nonprofit organizations to bridge our shared history, create opportunities, and generate local economic impact as one aspect of the bank's many efforts to drive Responsible Growth.
Bank of America
Bank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving approximately 69 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3,700 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 59 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BAC).
For more Bank of America news, including dividend announcements and other important information, visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for news email alerts.
Reporters may contact:
AnnMarie McDonald, Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.332.234.8635annmarie.mcdonald@bofa.com
 
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bofa-awards-critical-funding-for-conservation-of-historic-artworks-302440579.html
SOURCE Bank of America Corporation
View original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2025/29/c8265.html
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.