Title: Google faces 5 billion pound UK lawsuit for abusing dominance in online search
Date: 2025-04-16 09:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/google-faces-5-billion-pound-090629004.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
By Paul Sandle
LONDON (Reuters) -Alphabet's Google is being sued in Britain for potential damages of up to 5 billion pounds ($6.6 billion) in a class action alleging the company abused its dominant market position in the online search industry.
The class action, filed at the Competition Appeal Tribunal on Tuesday, argues that Google's actions enabled it to charge higher prices for the advertisements that appear in search inquiries than it otherwise could in a competitive market.
It said the U.S. tech giant contracted phone makers to pre-install Google Search and the Chrome browser on Android devices and paid Apple to make it the default search engine on iPhones, with the intention of shutting out competition.
The claim, filed by competition law expert Or Brook on behalf of thousands of businesses, alleges Google ensured its search engine had better functionality and more features for Google's own advertising offering than that of its competitors.
Google said this was "yet another speculative and opportunistic case".
"We will argue against it vigorously," a spokesperson said. "Consumers and advertisers use Google because it is helpful, not because there are no alternatives."
Brook said businesses had almost no choice but to use Google ads to advertise their products and services.
"Regulators around the world have described Google as a
monopoly and securing a spot on Google's top pages is essential for visibility," she said in a statement.
"Google has been leveraging its dominance in the general search and search advertising market to overcharge advertisers."
Britain's antitrust regulator launched an investigation into Google's search services, including their impact on advertising markets, in January.
The Competition and Markets Authority said at the time that millions of people and businesses relied on Google's services, which accounted for 90% of searches and were used by more than 200,000 UK businesses to advertise.
($1 = 0.7526 pounds)
(Reporting by Akash Sriram in Bengaluru and Paul Sandle in London; Editing by Varun H K, Catarina Demony and Emelia Sithole-Matarise)
The lawsuit claims the tech giant abused its dominance and overcharged companies for search advertising services.
Alphabet (GOOG) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects.
We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against the other American tech stocks. American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies […]
Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) stock reached an all-time high price of $207.05 on Feb. 4, riding a wave of strong growth and earnings momentum from 2024.  At the time of writing on April 11, shares of Alphabet are down 24% from that record high.  Innovations in areas like machine learning, automation, and generative AI are rapidly transforming the global economy.
Alphabet (GOOGL) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Oil Stocks to Invest in According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Valero Energy Corporation (NYSE:VLO) stands against other best oil stocks. After an encouraging start to the year, the energy sector is once again lagging behind the […]
MILAN (Reuters) -Ferrari has been preparing for years for electrification, starting with Formula One powertrains, as it nears the launch of its first fully electric (EV) model in October, Chairman John Elkann said on Wednesday.  Known globally for its roaring petrol engines, the luxury sportscar maker started selling hybrid models in 2019 and is scheduled to unveil its first EV at a capital markets day on October 9.  "Electrification has been a path that we've been pursuing now for decades, starting in Formula One and then from our race cars to our sports cars," Elkann said during the company's annual shareholders' meeting.
Heartland Advisors, an investment management company, released its “Heartland Value Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The fund was down 5.63% in the first quarter compared to a 7.74% fall for the Russell 2000 Value Index. The fund outperformed the benchmark over the past 1, 3, […]
EY is being investigated over its audits of the Post Office in the wake of the Horizon scandal, which saw hundreds of postmasters wrongly convicted of theft.
Federal borrowers can consolidate to get out of default, but there are caveats.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.