Title: Insurance stocks, Levi's outlook, Super Micro pops_ Market Minute
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 16-18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/insurance-stocks-levis-outlook-super-161850544.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Brad Smith outlines some of the top headlines investors need to know on Market Minute.
Healthcare stocks like Humana (HUM), UnitedHealth (UNH), and CVS (CVS) rise after the US boosts Medicare reimbursement rates.
Levi Strauss (LEVI) stock is in focus after the company maintained its full-year outlook and said it expects "minimal impact" from tariffs in the upcoming quarter.
Super Micro Computer (SMCI) extends gains after being the top performer in the S&P 500 (^GSPC) during Monday's session.
Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute.
It's time for Yahoo Finance's market minute. The tech heavy Nasdaq leading broad market gains as investors await updates on tariff negotiations. Health insurance stocks, Humana, United Health and CVS, jumping on a boost to Medicare reimbursement rates. The government proposing a 5% average increase for Medicare advantage plans in 2026, which could offer some relief to a sector that suffered from higher costs. And Levi's reversing earlier gains after topping estimates and its latest quarter and maintaining its full year forecast, opting not to include the impact from tariffs. The company says it's assembled an internal quote task force to determine the tariff impact and proper responses. And Super Micro computer shares jumping after ending Monday as the best performing stock in the S&P 500. Stock is up about 13% year to date, despite the route we've seen in other big tech names this year. Still, Super Micro down over 60% in the last 12 months. That's your Yahoo Finance market minute. For more on what's trending on Yahoo Finance, scan the QR code below to track the best and worst performing stocks.
The CMS announced a hike in MA payments for fiscal year 2026, which will likely deliver a notable boost to UNH & HUM's bottom lines.
Companies in The News Are: UNH, TSLA, CEG, ALB
Amid a volatile macro backdrop, momentum in cloud computing, IoT, auto and AI is likely to favor the prospects of Zacks Computer - Storage Devices industry players like SMCI, NTAP, and QMCO.
The P/B ratio helps to identify low-priced stocks with high growth prospects. GM, JD, PFE, STNE and ENS are some such stocks.
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.President Donald Trump said his long-promised tariffs on pharmaceutical drugs will be coming soon, the latest signal that he plans to press ahead with more sectoral tariffs despite market fallout from his global levies.“We are going to be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals,” Trump said Tuesday at a fundraising gala for House Republicans, without providing details on the planned levy.“O
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Lead Rally Amid Market Bloodbath. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that lead rally amid market bloodbath. The stock market took a battering anew on Tuesday, with all major indices registering steep losses as […]
President Donald Trump urges Americans to "be cool." He said on Truth Social that "everything is going to work out well." This as global markets continue to fall and sweeping reciprocal tariffs hit American trade partners. Gabriela Santos, Chief Market Strategist for the Americas at JP Morgan Asset Management joins Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how investors can hedge their risk in volatile markets.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
