Title: UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)_ Among Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 22-15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unitedhealth-group-incorporated-unh-among-221523041.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on.
Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher Asset Management. He is a world-renowned investment manager recognized for his contrarian approach and strong belief in capitalism. With an estimated net worth of more than $11.2 billion, he ranks among the world’s wealthiest billionaires. The son of famed investor Philip Fisher, also known as the “Father of Growth Investing”, he coupled his father’s growth philosophy with a data-driven value mindset. Long before he became a popular name in the financial industry, Fisher made waves in the 1980s with a revolutionary idea: utilizing the Price/Sales ratio as a major tool for spotting bargain firms. Fisher noted that earnings are frequently erratic, particularly over short periods. Companies may report lower earnings on account of temporary issues such as R&D spending or accounting adjustments. Sales, on the other hand, are more steady and offer a better understanding of a company’s business strength.
Anyone that follows Fisher knows that he is one of the market’s most outspoken pundits. He thinks that, while political developments might elicit strong emotions, they rarely affect the market’s long-term direction. According to Fisher, bull markets often end as a result of either unrestrained investor enthusiasm or an unforeseen economic shock with global implications.
Interestingly, his views on several subjects, notably tariffs, appear to have evolved. Fisher has previously downplayed the potential impact of President Trump’s tariffs, stating that they may not be fully enforced or be in place for as long as anticipated. He also stressed that businesses are highly adaptable to changing economic policies, which he felt may help reduce long-term harm. However, in a recent post on X, the billionaire criticized the government’s plan to impose wide tariff measures:
“What Trump unveiled Wednesday is stupid, wrong, arrogantly extreme, ignorant trade-wise and addressing a non-problem with misguided tools. Yet, as near as I can tell it will fade and fail and the fear is bigger than the problem, which from here is bullish.”
Over the last two years, the United States has dominated global markets, propelled by large growth stocks in the technology and technology-related communication services sectors, which accounted for more than 40% of US market capitalization, significantly exceeding the rest of the world’s 11%. These firms have greatly increased US returns, but Europe, where such equities account for less than 10% of total market capitalization, missed this edge. Europe’s rising stock presence is primarily restricted to luxury products, which struggled in 2024 as Asian buyers cut spending. As a result, Europe underperformed significantly during the two-year period, returning only 24.1% compared to the US’s 60.3%. Now, however, Europe is taking the lead, and its leading sectors—primarily value stocks linked to economic cycles rather than long-term trends—are primed to benefit, a sentiment that Ken Fisher echoes himself:
“This should be the first year in quite some years where value beats growth. And as that happens, the US lags the non-US world, and particularly Europe, which is so heavily value laden. So that’s been my core forecast. That will remain my core forecast until I see some big change or something different that should make me change my mind. But I babble on these videos pretty much every month, so you can hear that if it ever happens this year. Otherwise, that’s my view. I think it’ll be another big year in the market with global 20% kind of returns.”
For this article, we picked defensive companies from Fisher Asset Management’s 13F portfolio as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2024. The following firms have low beta values (<1), consistent dividend histories, and robust businesses. Additionally, we have mentioned the hedge fund sentiment around each stock, as of Q4 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A senior healthcare professional giving advice to a patient in a clinic.
Beta Value: 0.52
Dividend Yield: 1.60%
Fisher Asset Management’s Q4 Stake: $1.73 billion
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 150
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is a renowned US multinational firm that offers managed healthcare and insurance services. The firm is divided into four key segments: UnitedHealthcare, Optum Health, Optum Insight, and Optum Rx.
On April 4, Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed its Overweight rating on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) , with a price target of $700. Sarah James, the firm’s analyst, expressed confidence in UnitedHealth’s performance, predicting that it will outperform its 2025 estimate. James expects that the company’s financial projection will be revised upward, most likely in the second or third quarter of 2025, rather than the first quarter.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH)  posted solid results for fiscal year 2024, which exceeded market forecasts. Revenue climbed by 8% to $400 billion, owing to a broad expansion of its service offerings. During 2024, the company returned more than $16 billion to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks.
Vulcan Value Partners stated the following regarding UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) in its Q4 2024 investor letter:
“UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH), a company that we have owned several times in the past, is the largest health insurer in the United States. UnitedHealth Group also owns Optum, which is a rapidly growing healthcare services company. The environment for the health insurance business remains positive as growth in healthcare spending, driven by chronic diseases and an aging population, will continue to outpace overall economic growth. The insurance business benefits from powerful network effects as more members attract more providers and vice versa, which reinforces United’s value proposition and bargaining power with each side of the network. We respect UnitedHealth Group’s management team and have been very pleased with their long-term vision and execution.”
Overall, UNH ranks 4th on our list of defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. While we acknowledge the potential for UNH as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%.  If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than UNH but  trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Luxshare Precision Industry, a key assembler of the iPhone and other Apple products, said it would maintain large-scale production in Vietnam and continue exports from there to the U.S., despite a tariff of 46% on imports from Vietnam.  Executives of Luxshare said at an investor briefing that major clients were weighing moves to shift production to regions facing lower tariffs than China.  Vietnam is positioned to meet most of the demand for U.S.-bound shipments of finished goods while components could be shipped from China, they said.
Apple supplier Luxshare is in talks with customers on ways to respond to U.S. tariffs by shifting more production outside China, including the United States, its chairwoman told analysts in a telephone call on Wednesday.  The remarks by the Chinese company, which assembles iPhones and makes AirPods, provide a glimpse into deliberations by companies around the world scrambling to tackle President Donald Trump's tariffs that took effect on Wednesday.  In a transcript of the call seen by Reuters, Wang Laichun said the tariffs would have little impact on profits and revenue, as Luxshare exported only a small amount of finished products to the United States.
The P/B ratio helps to identify low-priced stocks with high growth prospects. GM, JD, PFE, STNE and ENS are some such stocks.
(Bloomberg) -- As US stocks staged a chart-busting rally on Wednesday after President Donald Trump’s about-face in his trade policy, one group of investors had an especially sweet victory. Retail traders — who kept buying shares even when benchmark indexes tumbled and institutional investors fled — notched a 17% gain on Wednesday. That helped them nearly break even for the year, according to data from Emma Wu, JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s global quantitative and derivatives strategist. The S&P 500 Ind
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.President Donald Trump said his long-promised tariffs on pharmaceutical drugs will be coming soon, the latest signal that he plans to press ahead with more sectoral tariffs despite market fallout from his global levies.“We are going to be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals,” Trump said Tuesday at a fundraising gala for House Republicans, without providing details on the planned levy.“O
Positive tariff news and some industry-specific speculation concerning future business helped light a rocket under defense stocks, sending the entire sector up.  AeroVironment (NASDAQ: AVAV) shares led the way up 14%, and shares of Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC), and Science Applications International (NASDAQ: SAIC) all climbed as high as 5% before fading some heading into market close.
Investment bank Jefferies upgraded Apple (AAPL) stock to Hold from Underperform, citing valuation and its belief that the iPhone maker would likely be exempt from U.S. tariffs. However, Schwab Network commentator Kevin Green warned that the tech giant could be negatively impacted by the current trade war between the U.S. and China. Jefferies Upgrade of […]
We recently published a list of the 10 High Growth Dividend Paying Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) stands against other profitable dividend stocks. Amid growing concerns about economic growth and President Trump’s tariffs, investors have been seeking safer investment options. […]
Tesla&nbsp;is opening up shop in Saudi Arabia in the latest sign that CEO&nbsp;Elon Musk&nbsp;has put to rest a once-bitter feud with Yasir Al Rumayyan, head of the $925 billion&nbsp;Public Investment Fund. Bloomberg's Matthew Martin reports.
The CMS announced a hike in MA payments for fiscal year 2026, which will likely deliver a notable boost to UNH & HUM's bottom lines.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
