Title: Healthcare stocks rally, US govt. to pay more to Medicare plans
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-07 21-42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/healthcare-stocks-rally-us-govt-214254028.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
UnitedHealth (UNH), Humana (HUM), and CVS Health (CVS) rally in extended-hours trading on news that the US government will pay more than previously proposed to Medicare Advantage providers.
Julie Hyman breaks down the details on Market Domination Overtime.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
We are watching some shares of insurers in after-hours trading. United Health, Humana, CVS Health, they're all soaring. The US government will be paying private Medicare Advantage plans more money next year than it had originally proposed. Those payments will rise by an average of roughly 5%. The Biden administration had proposed an increase of just over 2%, and that increase could generate more than $25 billion in additional revenue for the industry. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services saying in a statement that the move is ensuring that Medicare Advantage continues to offer access to critical services here in an accountable manner, further strengthening the program's ability to serve beneficiaries. So again, these stocks are on the rise.
Target stock hits a new 52-week low amid macro headwinds. Should you buy the dip or steer clear for now?
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
