Title: Medicare Advantage’s diagnosing tactics made insurers like UnitedHealthGroup $33 billion richer
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-07 21-05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/medicare-advantage-diagnosing-tactics-made-210500604.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Ever since the high-profile murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson last year, health insurers have faced heavy scrutiny and heightened resentment from the public. Now a new study might fan those flames. That’s because it found that differential coding patterns between Medicare Advantage (MA) and Traditional Medicare (TM) plans led to MA plans receiving an estimated $33 billion in extra revenue—with $13.9 billion, or 42% of the total, going into the coffers of UnitedHealth Group.
Those findings, from the year 2021, add specific context to past research that found evidence of Medicare Advantage plans having a higher diagnostic “coding intensity” than traditional Medicare, meaning they record more health condition diagnoses than traditional Medicare for comparable beneficiaries. Because of that, Congress’s Medicare Payment Advisory Commission had estimated, Medicare spends 13% more for MA enrollees than it would if they were enrolled in traditional Medicare—with that difference accounting for $50 billion in MA overpayments in 2024.
Medicare Advantage plans, according to the new findings, are paid more for sicker members and less for healthier members, which provides an incentive for MA plans to report as many diagnoses as legitimately possible. But no research until now, say the authors, has estimated the amount of extra revenue each insurer receives.
"The most important takeaway is that some Medicare Advantage insurers code much more aggressively than other insurers, and receive many billions of dollars in additional payment as a result," the study author, Richard Kronick, professor of family medicine at the Herbert Wertheim School of Public Health, University of California San Diego. "As a result, much of what determines which insurers are successful in Medicare Advantage is not whether the insurer is providing high quality care and doing so efficiently, but simply how aggressive it is in coding." He points to the additional $13.9 billion raised by UnitedHealth Group, which breaks down to $1,863 per beneficiary, compared to $0.5 billion, or $278 per beneficiary, for Kaiser.
A spokesperson for the UnitedHealth Group tells Fortune, "This study is similar to others, relying on inaccurate assumptions and incomplete beneficiary information while ignoring the fact that Medicare Advantage serves an increasingly diverse, lower-income and clinically complex population."
UnitedHealth also referred our publication to the nonprofit Better Medicare Alliance, which counts Wyatt Decker, a UnitedHealth Group chief physician, as a board member.
“This is a flawed apples-to-oranges analysis," Kaitlyn Saal-Ridpath, Vice President of Policy and Research at Better Medicare Alliance, tells Fortune. "It overlooks known under-coding in Fee-For-Service Medicare and does not adjust for clinical or demographic differences between Medicare Advantage and Fee-for-Service Medicare beneficiaries, an essential step for fair comparison. Meanwhile, the underlying data is outdated and does not reflect recent risk-adjustment changes. We welcome serious analyses to help drive policy conversations around Medicare Advantage, but this study misses the mark.”
But, Kronick says, "No analysis is perfect, but we have done a careful job of measuring the differences in coding patterns between Medicare Advantage and Traditional Medicare, and, even more importantly, the very large differences between insurers in coding patterns… We have, I think, conclusively shown that some insurers code much more aggressively than others, and receive many billions of dollars in additional revenue as a result."
More than half (54%) of eligible Medicare beneficiaries were enrolled in Medicare Advantage in 2024, according to KFF, accounting for $462 billion of total federal Medicare spending. Further, the enrollment in MA is highly concentrated among a handful of firms, with UnitedHealthcare and Humana accounting for nearly half (47%) of all MA enrollees nationwide.
Lately, there has been a shift towards MA. While usually, after age 65, you have two Medicare options—traditional Medicare (Parts A, B, and D, and often a Medigap plan) or a private health insurer’s Medicare Advantage plan, also called Part C, people with retiree health benefits from their former employers are often not given a choice. Instead, they are being told they must enroll in a Medicare Advantage plan, with its limited network of doctors and hospitals, or lose their retiree health benefits altogether.
At the same time, recent research shows that MA enrollees are distinctly healthier—likely because people who need more health care are less willing to accept the restrictions (such as prior authorization and limited networks) that MA plans impose.
For the study, the researchers analyzed risk scores—numbers which represent the predicted cost of treating a specific patient or group of patients compared to the average Medicare patient, based on certain health conditions. They also analyzed the effects of “persistence” and “new incidence” on risk scores over 24 months, with persistence defined as the percentage of members coded with a diagnosis in year one that persisted in year two, and new incidence referring to the percentage of members with a new diagnosis in year two.
What they found was that the average MA risk score (1.26) was 18.5% higher than the average TM risk score (1.07).
Persistence and new incidence rates varied across insurers, the researchers found, with UnitedHealth Group’s average 2021 risk score .28 higher—substantially larger than the MA industry average of .19—than it would have been if persistence and new incidence had been at TM levels.
The findings spell trouble, says Dr. J. Michael McWilliams of the Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women's Hospital, who responded to the study in an accompanying editorial, also published Monday in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
“The manipulability of the risk adjustment system in Medicare Advantage (MA) is a massive problem,” he writes.
“It is well documented that the system’s reliance on diagnosis codes that insurers can influence for gain is responsible for tens of billions of dollars in payments to MA plans above what would be spent in traditional Medicare (TM), adding to Medicare’s fiscal challenges,” he continues. “But the problem runs deeper, as the incentives to code diagnoses more intensely also distort competition and resource allocation within MA.”
Among the many issues the researchers have uncovered, McWilliams continues, is that, because the better-coding insurers tend to be larger, “local markets could become even more highly concentrated, further limiting the pressure insurers feel to share their subsidies and savings with enrollees as better coverage.”
But fixing the problem, he notes, would have a catch.
“The catch is that the resulting payment cuts would mean higher premiums or less generous benefits for enrollees,” McWilliams writes.
Because while Medicare Advantage insurers keep a substantial portion of their subsidies and savings as profits, they do pass along a sizable share to enrollees. “As subsidies have grown more generous, MA has served as a backdoor financing mechanism to address coverage gaps that have long limited the value of TM (for example, its lack of an out-of-pocket maximum),” he explains, adding that enrollees in MA benefit from substantially lower out-of-pocket costs.
So as payment subsidies are reversed by risk adjustment reform and other proposed measures, he points out, “the lost benefits for enrollees could be significant. To the extent it is socially desirable to provide seniors with better coverage than the traditional benefit, policymakers must grapple with this tradeoff.”
More on Medicare:
Traditional Medicare or Medicare Advantage? Some retirees aren’t allowed to choose
If you’re not happy with your Medicare Advantage plan, experts offer these tips to find better benefits
Original Medicare doesn’t cover most dental work, but there are 4 other ways to get coverage
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Early retirement is different. Every retirement plan is based on a combination of goals, risks and personal budget. You want to build a portfolio for security, so you never need to worry about money again, while also generating the returns that you need to maintain your lifestyle. Often, this means restructuring your portfolio in retirement […] The post I’m 54 and Retiring Soon. How Should I Structure My $1.6 Million Portfolio? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
It might not be as much as you think.
Credit utilization is a big part of your credit score, and you should take steps to manage it well.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
