Title: Macro Headwind-Immune CVS Health Stock Set to Extend 50% YTD Rally
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 10-49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/macro-headwind-immune-cvs-health-104947404.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
CVS Health (CVS) is a top S&P 500 performer in 2025, with year-to-date returns exceeding 50%. Moreover, the stock has shirked off Trump-mania, tariff levies, and a global trade war like water off a duck’s back. The stock is up 3% over the past five days and up 42% since January — wholly opposed to the market squall enveloping the world’s major stock indices and shaving trillions from index valuations, in recent days.
Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter with Top Smart Score Stocks.
Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities using  Tipranks' Stock Screener.
Most recognizable for its corner drugstores, CVS’ transformative acquisition of Aetna, a major health insurer, expanded its healthcare footprint despite current profitability challenges. While higher medical costs and utilization have significantly impacted this segment, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) decision to increase Medicare Advantage payment rates by 5% in 2026 puts wind in CVS’ sails. Its diversified revenue mix and growing insurance offerings (with membership up 1.4 million to 27.1 million) make me cautiously bullish on CVS’s long-term prospects.
CVS is the third-largest Medicare Advantage Provider behind UnitedHealth (UNH) and Humana (HUM). While its Health Care Benefits segment saw 23% year-over-year revenue growth in 2024 to reach $33 billion, it turned to an operating loss of $439 million in 2024 from an operating income of $676 million in the previous year.
CVS attributed this to “increased utilization, the unfavorable impact of the Company’s Medicare Advantage star ratings for the 2024 payment year, and the impact of higher acuity in Medicaid following the resumption of redeterminations.” Given that the segment makes up nearly one-third of total revenues, the inability to turn a profit from it weighs heavily on the bottom line.
Earlier this week, fortunes changed for CVS when the CMS announced that government payments to Medicare Advantage programs will increase 5.06% on average, considerably higher than previous estimates. The company’s Aetna unit currently has 88% of its Medicare Advantage members enrolled in highly-rated plans. Why does this matter? Plans rated four stars or higher receive significant bonus payments from CMS. Recall that in 2023, only 21% of its members enrolled in plans with four or more stars. So, this will have a compounding effect on CVS. The star rating bonuses function as multipliers on top of the base rate increase.
CVS anticipates a membership decline of over 1 million in 2025 due to reductions in individual exchange and Medicare products. This is a strategic reduction to combat substantial historical individual exchange losses. In February, CVS projected an operating income of at least $1.5 billion in 2025 in this segment and noted that each trend point is worth approximately $800 million. So, this implies an additional $700 million in income from this segment when the rate takes effect in 2026.
CVS’s Health Services segment, including CVS Caremark (pharmacy benefit management), Cordavis (biosimilars unit), Signify Health (home health assessments), and MinuteClinic (retail health clinics), is arguably the most steady of its three business units and makes up nearly half of total revenues.
This segment is central to CVS’s long-term strategy of building a vertically integrated healthcare ecosystem. In this segment, revenues decreased 7.1% in 2024 to $47 billion. This was predominantly due to a notable decrease in pharmacy claims processed due to a large customer loss.
The segment is still profitable, achieving $1.8 billion in adjusted operating income in 2024. The health giant is making significant investments, spending nearly $20 billion acquiring Signify Health and Oak Street Health in 2023. The latter focuses on Medicare Advantage patients and should, too, benefit from the CMS rate increase for 2026.
According to Wall Street, CVS stock has a consensus rating of Strong Buy based on 17 Buy, two Hold, and zero Sell ratings in the past three months. CVS’s average price target of $73.89 per share implies a 9% upside potential over the next twelve months.
Last month, Mizuho analyst Ann Hynes highlighted the “embedded earnings power of the company” as she raised the price target on CVS from $58 to $70 per share while maintaining an Outperform rating. This likely also points to the potential for margin improvement in the Medicare Advantage business starting this year and accelerating into the next with the CMS rate increase. Moreover, CVS’s synergies between different business segments can drive additional revenue and cost efficiencies over time.
CVS’s transformation into a vertically integrated healthcare ecosystem is still taking shape. After years of underperformance, its Aetna business is turning around just before CMS rate increase tailwinds position the segment for substantial revenue growth. Meanwhile, while struggling with pharmacy claims, its Health Services segment continues to be profitable and forms the backbone of CVS’s integrated healthcare vision.
Conversely, high-single-digit declines in Medicare Advantage membership spoils some of the splendor from the rate increases. Moreover, while the increased rates will inspire profitability, high medical costs continue to squeeze margins in this segment.
All things considered, I think CVS offers an attractive combination of near-term catalysts and long-term strategic vision. Its current valuation may still undervalue its earnings potential as synergies between its retail, insurance, and healthcare service businesses continue to evolve in the coming years.
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
As previously reported, Raymond James downgraded Obsidian Energy (OBE) to Market Perform from Strong Buy with a price target of C$10, down from C$14, citing reduced estimates alongside a trimming of its capital spending assumptions. The firm believes oil-weighted equities broadly will remain under pressure in the context of the current macro environment and says that its new oil outlook suggests management will likely have to trim development capital below current Street expectations. Published
CVS Health (CVS) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
We came across a bullish thesis on CVS Health Corporation (CVS) on Substack by Hidden Market Gems. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on CVS. CVS Health Corporation (CVS)’s share was trading at $70.18 as of April 9th. CVS’s trailing and forward P/E were 19.17 and 11.93 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. When markets […]
The "frozen" housing market may be showing signs of thawing in 2025. According to MarketWatch, homebuyers may be getting used to the housing market and jumping in. In fact, as it reported early in...
Companies in The News Are: UNH, TSLA, CEG, ALB
Astronics and Boston Beer have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day.
Thermo Fisher (TMO) was a big mover last session on higher-than-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions might not help the stock continue moving higher in the near term.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
