Title: Gold Breaks $3,300 as Expanding Trade War Bolsters Haven Demand
Date: 2025-04-16 16:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-climbs-record-expanding-trade-000033810.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
(Bloomberg) -- Gold surged to a fresh high on haven demand as the dollar fell and tech stocks slumped after US President Donald Trump ordered a probe that could open up a new front in the global trade war.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
Bullion gained as much as 3.2% on Wednesday to climb above $3,300 an ounce for the first time, surpassing the previous record set on Monday. The dollar fell to a fresh six-month low as traders were whiplashed again by a slew of tariff headlines, with Trump launching an investigation into the need for levies on critical minerals.
Gold briefly pared gains following a report that China is open to trade talks if the US names a point person to represent the country and shows respect by reining in disparaging remarks, according to a person familiar with the Chinese government’s thinking.
The precious metal has climbed more than 26% this year and hit a series of record highs as the escalating trade war creates anxiety over a possible global recession and as investors struggle to take long-term positions due to the unpredictability of tariff announcements from Washington.
“I’d love to have a pound for every time someone said it’s a record high in gold in the last few weeks,” Evy Hambro, thematic and sector investing global head at Blackrock Inc., said on Bloomberg Television. “The gold market is kind of thriving in this period of uncertainty, but the foundations are very tangible and real.”
Leading banks remain optimistic about bullion’s prospects over the coming quarters as investors add to holdings in gold-backed exchange-traded funds and central banks continue to accumulate the metal. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is forecasting that prices will rally to $4,000 an ounce by mid-2026.
In a Bank of America global fund manager survey this week, 42% of respondents expected gold to be the best performing asset class in 2025, up from 23% in March.
Nearly half of respondents also thought “long gold” is currently the most crowded trade, knocking “long Magnificent Seven” — which refers to a group of high-performing and influential US companies — off the top position it has held for two years straight.
The US administration also announced investigations this week into semiconductors and pharmaceutical imports, after placing sector-specific tariffs on steel and aluminum, automobiles and car parts. It also said it’s negotiating with dozens of other trading partners to lower trade barriers in exchange for relief on higher duties.
“The power struggle between major countries will continue,” said Luchen Wang, a Shanghai-based analyst at Galaxy Futures Co. “Gold’s appeal as a safe-haven asset means it’s more likely to rise than fall in the near- to medium-term.”
Traders are also betting there will be at least three Federal Reserve rate cuts this year. Monetary easing is generally positive for the precious metal.
Gold was up 3.1% to $3,330.28 an ounce as of 12:32 p.m. in New York, after earlier hitting a record of $3,333.08. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell 0.6%. Silver and platinum advanced while palladium was little changed.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Canadian bank RBC cut its price target on Bank of America (BAC) stock to $45 from $50 but maintains a positive view of the shares. BAC reported its first-quarter financial results yesterday. Why RBC Cut Its Price Target on BAC But Remains Bullish RBC lowered its price target on BAC to $45 from $50 due […]
The outlook for the German economy cratered this month after Trump’s tariff blitz, according to a monthly survey of financial analysts.
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Beth Hammack said on Wednesday high uncertainty in the U.S. economy right now argues for the central bank to hold steady on interest rate policy and take in more information before deciding what needs to happen next.  “Given the economy’s starting point, and with both sides of our mandate expected to be under pressure, there is a strong case to hold monetary policy steady in order to balance the risks coming from further elevated inflation and a slowing labor market,” Hammack said a speech given in Columbus, Ohio.  Hammack, who does not hold a vote on the monetary policy- setting Federal Open Market Committee this year, said the big changes in the United States trade regime, which prominently features tariff increases, have played a role in boosting uncertainty and making it harder to know what needs to happen with central bank monetary policy.
Italian luxury outerwear group Moncler on Wednesday reported a stronger than expected 1% increase in revenue in the first quarter thanks mostly to direct-to-consumer sales and Asian demand.  Sales for the Moncler brand rose 2% in the period, with no currency impact, with Asia performing better than Europe and the Americas.  Moncler Chief Executive Remo Ruffini said in a statement the group strived to ride the challenge posed by a very unstable macroeconomic backdrop with its "strong operational discipline".
Elm Grove will be in proximity to transport links with regular train services to Bristol and Bath.
Gold bumped the 'Magnificent Seven' tech stocks to take the top spot as a crowded trade, according to a BofA survey.
The multi-year investment plan introduced by Kempinski Group will expand the Chinese heritage portfolio under the Kempinski brand.
Exporters attending China’s biannual trade fair in Canton were emphatic about the need to look beyond selling to Americans.  China has been highlighting its focus on trade with countries other than the United States at various trade fairs that are showcasing its vast market and competitiveness as a manufacturing giant.  U.S. President Donald Trump announced sweeping tariffs of 145% on all products imported from China.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil rose on the prospect of a de-escalation in the trade war between the world’s two largest economies and a stall in nuclear talks between the US and Iran. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsWest Texas Intermediate futures added about 2% to top $62 a barrel after China signaled open
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer is Bullish on These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host, Jim Cramer, shared his perspective on how investors might approach the stock […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.