Why Coke Is Crushing Pepsi—and the S&P 500
2025-04-29 21-05
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4c0cbb5b-50ab-3c79-b4ce-be1e1dfda268/why-coke-is-crushing.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Coca-Cola and PepsiCo two of the world’s largest consumer staples companies, have been on very different paths this year. Coke stock is up 16%, easily beating the 5.5% loss in the S&P 500, while Pepsi is down 12%. Coca-Cola reported its first-quarter earnings on Tuesday.
We recently published a list of 9 Best International Index Funds to Invest In. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund Admiral Shares (NASDAQ: VTIAX) stands against other best international index funds to invest in. Undoubtedly, the US plays host to the largest equity […]
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, […]
We recently published a list of 10 Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) stands against other most undervalued stocks. Big tech stocks just suffered a massive hit, with the Magnificent Seven shedding a combined $1.8 trillion in market value […]
(Reuters) -Bottler Coca-Cola HBC AG reported first-quarter organic revenue growth above market expectations on Wednesday, supported by strong demand in its key emerging markets, sending shares to a record high.  The company, which packages drinks such as Fanta, Sprite and Monster, reiterated its guidance for 2025 but cautioned that it expects the broader macroeconomic and geopolitical environment to be "challenging and unpredictable".  "We see the business better able to navigate a more challenging environment versus history, given investments made over the past years around commercial capabilities and portfolio."
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.