Visa CEO on economic slowdown, new stablecoin deal, and AI agents that shop for you
2025-04-30 18-15
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/visa-ceo-on-economic-slowdown-new-stablecoin-deal-and-ai-agents-that-shop-for-you-181518777.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Trump trade war hasn't thrust the US economy into a recession, Visa (V) CEO Ryan McInerney says.
"We saw strong, broad-based consumer spending. We definitely saw some deceleration in certain parts of the economy, but also strong spending growth in other parts of the economy," McInerney told Yahoo Finance on Wednesday (video above).
"What we can add is a view in a broad-based way across a significant portion of Americans and almost all the categories in which they spend. And, you know, for the last three months or so, including the first three or four weeks of April, we've seen strong spending growth," he added.
McInerney has the numbers to back up his observation.
Visa's first quarter earnings came in above analyst estimates after the close on Tuesday.
First quarter sales rose 9% from the prior year to $9.6 billion, beating analyst forecasts for $9.56 billion. Earnings came in at $2.76 a share, ahead of forecasts for $2.68. Cross-border payments volume increased 13% from the prior year.
Total US payment volume has increased 8% in April, which is a 100 basis point acceleration from March. Total cross-border volume increased 15% in April, which is roughly a 400 basis point improvement from March.
"So there's no question that there's stronger spending growth at the most affluent segments," McInerney noted.
Visa announced a new $30 billion multiyear share repurchase program.
Shares fell slightly in today's session as investors digest a 0.3% first quarter contraction in US GDP.
The Trump administration's trade war is beginning to take a bite out of US consumer spending as households deal with increased economic uncertainty and rising prices.
"If you look at the US business, the weakness in volume in Q1 was concentrated in what we call future consumption packaging, which is much more predominant in supermarkets or in kind of independent trade outlets, rather than either convenience or the kind of away-from-home quick-serve restaurants and all the away from home channels," Coca-Cola (KO) chairman and CEO James Quincey told Yahoo Finance on Tuesday.
Procter & Gamble (PG) chairman and CEO Jon Moeller said households are cutting back on the number of loads of laundry they do each week to save money.
The macroeconomic uncertainty isn't stopping Visa from pressing forward with product innovation, however.
The company said today it would launch stablecoin-linked Visa cards in partnership with Stripe-owned Bridge.
It also took the wraps off Visa Intelligent Commerce, which will allow consumers to shop using AI-powered agents. A customer will be able to easily set spending limits and conditions for clear guidelines for agent-related transactions. The transactions will be tokenized in order to ensure security.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
(Bloomberg) -- For investment bankers, Stephanie Ferris is the one client that just keeps on giving. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowIn recent weeks, the 51-year-old chief executive officer of Fidelity National I
Wall Street hopes the company's bold growth initiatives will start paying off soon.
Artificial intelligence “agents” are supposed to be more than chatbots.  The tech industry has spent months pitching AI personal assistants that know what you want and can do real work on your behalf.  Visa hopes to change that by giving them your credit card.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Recently Discussed These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, discussed the current economic outlook on Monday as he outlined why […]
Robinhood Markets Inc. CEO Vlad Tenev talks about the company's first-quarter earnings that showed adjusted Ebitda fell short of analyst expectations. Tenev says demand for crypto was still strong and investors flocked to the product in April as President Donald Trump's global tariffs roiled markets. He speaks on "Bloomberg Open Interest."
Robinhood  Markets Chief Financial Officer Jason Warnick plans to sell up to $27 million of shares of the trading platform.  On Feb. 14, Warnick filed a so-called Rule 10b5-1 trading plan to sell up 525,000 Robinhood shares, the company disclosed in its first-quarter report with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The company disclosure of Warnick’s plan notes that restricted stock units “convert into class A common stock on a one-for-one basis upon vesting and settlement,” which may mean some or all of the shares to be sold will be vested RSUs.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, is […]
The payments pioneer plans to expand its omnichannel payments strategy in Germany and the U.K., its biggest European markets.
The fast-food giant’s patrons are “grappling with uncertainty” as spending slows at several restaurant chains.
Big Tech looks to have calmed Wall Street nerves overnight, helping deflect attention from the U.S. economy's tariff-skewed first quarterly contraction in three years.  In today's column, I explain why the euro zone's outperformance against the U.S. in the first quarter may be more than just a flash in the pan.  * Ukraine and the U.S. on Wednesday signed a deal heavily promoted by U.S. President Donald Trump that will give the United States preferential access to new Ukrainian minerals deals and fund investment in Ukraine's reconstruction.