1 Dividend Growth Stock Down 45% to Buy Right Now
2025-05-01 08-55
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/01/1-dividend-growth-stock-down-45-to-buy-right-now/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Share prices of Coca-Cola (KO -1.76%) have risen around 15% so far in 2025 as the S&P 500 index has fallen. Hormel Foods' (HRL -1.71%) stock price has dropped along with the broader market. While Dividend King Coca-Cola's shares are trading near all-time highs, long-term investors might be better off with fellow Dividend King Hormel, which is now around 45% below its all-time high. Here's what you need to know.
There is nothing wrong with Coca-Cola as a company. It does a wonderful job selling its beverages around the world. In fact, given its size, distribution network, marketing skills, and diversification, it is highly likely that Coca-Cola remains an industry-leading consumer staples company for years to come.
Image source: Getty Images.
There's only one problem. As famed value investor Benjamin Graham pointed out long ago, being a good company is not the same thing as being a good investment. Or, to paraphrase Graham, paying too much for a good company can turn it into a bad investment. Right now, Coca-Cola stock looks fully valued, if not a little expensive.
Not only is Coca-Cola's stock trading near its all-time highs, but its price-to-sales, price-to-earnings, and price-to-book value ratios are all above their five-year averages. The consumer staples giant's dividend yield, at 2.8%, is also near its 10-year low point. Investors looking for reliable dividend stocks at bargain prices aren't likely to be interested in Coca-Cola right now.
By comparison, Hormel Foods appears deeply out of favor. The food maker's shares are down roughly 45% from their all-time highs and off by about as much as the S&P 500 index so far in 2025. Hormel's dividend yield is 3.9%, which is near the highest levels in the company's history. As for valuation metrics, Hormel's P/S, P/E, and P/B ratios are all below their five-year averages.
That said, there is one thing that unites Coca-Cola and Hormel. They are both Dividend Kings, with over five decades' worth of annual dividend increases behind each company. Both companies have been unstoppable dividend growth stocks, thanks to strong business models that get executed well in both good times and bad times. Right now, Hormel is working through a bad time, and investors are fearful of the stock.
There are real problems to consider, notably Hormel's trouble passing through price increases, slow growth in China, and avian flu. It has also been dealing with some problems at Planters, a recently acquired brand. Individually, all of these issues are surmountable. Facing them all at one time is, indeed, worrying. But Hormel's long and successful history and continued dividend increases suggest this Dividend King will muddle through. To that end, it is cutting costs, raising prices, and focusing on innovation, a historical strong point for the company.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
If you buy Hormel now, meanwhile, you are getting what appears to be an attractive price. And you are getting a higher dividend yield than you would with an investment in consumer staples peer Coca-Cola, despite both being Dividend Kings.
Investors jumping into Coca-Cola today are likely doing so because they are looking for a safe haven investment. If you think in decades, however, turbulent markets can be an opportunity to buy stocks while they appear cheap. That's what seems to be the case with Hormel if you have a contrarian bent. You might have to hold your nose before you buy it, but if history is any guide, the unstoppable dividend growth at Hormel will continue in the future just like it has in the past.

 

Before you buy stock in Coca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Coca-Cola wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $610,327!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $667,581!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025


Reuben Gregg Brewer has positions in Hormel Foods. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/01/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.