The Coca-Cola Company (KO)_ Among the Best Stocks to Buy During Recession
2025-05-01 13-59
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-company-ko-among-135918458.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against the other stocks.
As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes that the sentiment has been a critical driver, but fundamentals seem to be healthy. This makes up for an optimistic longer-run outlook. Despite the tariff shocks creating difficult markets, the firm is constructive in its outlook and opines that volatility is an opportunity to capitalize on stock dispersion. Furthermore, Asia continues to exhibit a diversification opportunity for making investments in the AI theme, with equities providing low correlation to US counterparts.
The trade and tariff uncertainty, which fueled the early-year volatility, advanced at the beginning of Q2 due to the US tariff pronouncements, according to the investment management company. This resulted in a global market meltdown and revived fears related to recession. However, as the quarter progressed, the tariff tensions took a backseat, and there was some optimism visible in the broader US markets. The asset manager believes that, while tariffs remain a critical measure, the potential for market-supporting policies like deregulation and corporate tax cuts provides some room for emergent optimism.
The firm highlighted the importance of an active approach in a bid to capitalize on inefficiencies and to make precise and intentional decisions amidst historic change and transition. While the results of bilateral tariff negotiations remain unpredictable, having a pulse on company dynamics, mainly when the macro picture remains unclear, can act as a differentiator for portfolios.
The firm opines that corporate strength has supported the US equities’ momentum, and it comes through in earnings and market share. As per the firm, relatively pro-industry policies have stimulated healthy FCF. Several companies throughout different time frames have deployed the cash for future business growth. Even though the policy uncertainty in the current time of transition led to the pause in large investment decisions, the company believes that moves toward deregulation and the reshoring of supply chains once policy gets settled can result in the revival of CapEx spending throughout industries, such as technology and industrials. Despite tariffs dominating, the asset manager expects that deregulation and other policy priorities can regain attention. The high drive for innovation is the long-term secular trend that can support the US equities.
To list the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession, we considered the stocks from recession-proof industries such as utilities, consumer defensive, and healthcare. After getting an extensive list of 25-30 stocks, we chose the ones popular among hedge funds. Finally, the stocks were arranged in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiments, as of Q4 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A row of factory workers assembling bottles of sparkling soft drinks on a conveyor belt.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) is engaged in manufacturing and selling various non-alcoholic beverages. Morningstar expects its brand portfolio to support pricing power and close retailer relations, along with scale benefits due to a massive global system, to reinforce its competitive position in the broader non-alcoholic beverages segment and fuel excess investment returns. The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO)’s powerful brand portfolio and marketing prowess offer a healthy foundation for long-term future growth.
The company’s robust brand equity enables it to fetch premium pricing and maintain customer loyalty. Furthermore, The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO)’s marketing efficiency, fueled by the scale, allows it to effectively promote new products and enter new markets. This can help drive sales growth and market share gains throughout its diverse beverage portfolio. The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO)’s global scale, together with local-market expertise, uniquely places it to capture the vast opportunities ahead.
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO), along with its bottling partners, has been exemplifying leadership in revenue growth management (RGM) through providing relevant global and local brands across packages at the right price points to address consumer needs. The returnable glass bottles provide a unique competitive advantage, possessing an expansive footprint throughout over 110 countries and, in 2024, added 1.6 billion unit cases to total company volume performance, delivering a growth rate surpassing the total company volume growth.
Overall KO ranks 8th on our list of the best stocks to buy during recession. While we acknowledge the potential of KO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some deeply undervalued AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for a deeply undervalued AI stock that is more promising than KO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) stands against the other stocks. As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes that the […]
We recently published a list of How Did Jim Cramer’s 12 Bold Predictions Play Out?. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. During the most recent episode of Mad Money, Jim Cramer revisited the recent turbulence in […]
Sweetgreen (SG) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) stands against the other stocks. As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes that […]
The beverage company is hoping to recover from a major threat.
General Motors (GM) on Thursday lowered its full-year earnings outlook to reflect a $4 billion to $5
The company expects revenue in the second quarter to fall between $2.59bn and $2.66bn.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says The Day “Everything’s A Lot More Expensive” Is Coming & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.