Coca-Cola Board of Directors Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend
2025-05-01 18-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-board-directors-declares-180000164.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
ATLANTA, May 01, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Coca-Cola Company today declared a regular quarterly dividend of 51 cents per common share, payable July 1 to shareowners of record of the company as of the close of business June 13.
About The Coca-Cola Company
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is a total beverage company with products sold in more than 200 countries and territories. Our company’s purpose is to refresh the world and make a difference. We sell multiple billion-dollar brands across several beverage categories worldwide. Our portfolio of sparkling soft drink brands includes Coca-Cola, Sprite and Fanta. Our water, sports, coffee and tea brands include Dasani, smartwater, vitaminwater, Topo Chico, BODYARMOR, Powerade, Costa, Georgia, Fuze Tea, Gold Peak and Ayataka. Our juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverage brands include Minute Maid, Simply, innocent, Del Valle, fairlife and AdeS. We’re constantly transforming our portfolio, from reducing sugar in our drinks to bringing innovative new products to market. We seek to positively impact people’s lives, communities and the planet through water replenishment, packaging recycling, sustainable sourcing practices and carbon emissions reductions across our value chain. Together with our bottling partners, we employ more than 700,000 people, helping bring economic opportunity to local communities worldwide. Learn more at www.coca-colacompany.com and follow us on Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250430313113/en/
Contacts
Investors and Analysts: Robin Halpern, koinvestorrelations@coca-cola.com Media: Scott Leith, sleith@coca-cola.com
Manufacturing activity declined in April as President Trump's tariffs clouded the outlook for businesses.
The beverage company is hoping to recover from a major threat.
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says Businesspeople Are Emotional & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) stands against the other stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the […]
Whether you're a value, growth, or momentum investor, finding strong stocks becomes easier with the Zacks Style Scores, a top feature of the Zacks Premium research service.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.