Coca-Cola sales slip following boycott among Hispanic consumers
2025-04-30 11-52
https://www.fooddive.com/news/coca-cola-hispanic-consumers-sales-economy-earnings-soda-false-ICE-video-beverage-industry-tariffs/746750/?.tsrc=rss
Let Food Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

The soda giant said a false viral video claiming the company reported Latino workers to ICE contributed to volume declines amid economic uncertainty.
Consumers’ political and economic concerns are being felt across the food and beverage industry, as inflation and pushback on U.S. trade and immigration policy has exacerbated a slowdown in spending in markets around the world.
As President Donald Trump ramps up deportation action, Hispanic consumers have retreated from social gatherings and other outings, leading to a decline in spending on food and beverage. Other CPG companies are noting the impact of a pullback among Hispanic consumers amid socioeconomic tensions, including beer giant Constellation which saw sales of brews like Corona, Modelo and Pacifico decline in recent months.
The February viral video was determined to be untrue by Reuters. Quincey said the false video impacted flagship Coca-Cola soda sales in states along the southern border, along with economic volatility and cold weather.
Beyond the video, affordability concerns have led to a decline in spending in both the U.S. and in Mexico. Although the effect of President Donald Trump’s tariffs have yet to be known, many consumers are already spending less in anticipation, Coke executives said.
“We’re focusing on winning back some of the Hispanic consumers, both from a consumer and a channel point of view and reinforcing some of our affordability options,” Quincey said.
The company believes its “Share a Coke” campaign for Coca-Cola, which it relaunched last month, will drive continued sales this summer among Gen Z and multicultural consumers. The soda giant plans to play up the fact that it produces its sodas locally.
Even as Coke struggled among Hispanic consumers, the brand notched some wins with new products. Quincey pointed to strong sales for its most recent Coca-Cola flavor Orange Cream, which totaled $50 million in the last quarter. Simply Pop, the prebiotic soda it launched in select regions this spring, gives the company a chance to “test and learn and scale successes over time” in the better-for-you beverage category, the executive said.
Wall Street signaled confidence in the soda company’s ability to deliver value to shareholders amid economic turmoil.
In a note to investors, Morgan Stanley analysts said Coca-Cola remains in a stronger position to withstand a weaker U.S. dollar than many of its beverage industry peers. Coca-Cola sees “little tariff exposure with local sourcing and costs borne by its bottling network,” the bank said, but it noted away-from-home product sales could provide some risk for the soda giant.
Bank of America said in a note Coca-Cola is “solidly on track to deliver on its financial targets, in our view, a rarity in consumer staples this earnings season.”
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Nestlé, Kraft Heinz and J.M. Smucker are among the CPG giants leveraging the brand equity of well-known products to expand into different categories, boost recognition and grow sales.
The soda giant’s Red Tree Beverages subsidiary is making a bet that its vodka lemonade can help it gain a stronger foothold in booze.
Subscribe to Food Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Nestlé, Kraft Heinz and J.M. Smucker are among the CPG giants leveraging the brand equity of well-known products to expand into different categories, boost recognition and grow sales.
The soda giant’s Red Tree Beverages subsidiary is making a bet that its vodka lemonade can help it gain a stronger foothold in booze.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines