Title: Lucid (LCID) and American Airlines (AAL), Delta Air Lines (DAL), Ford (F), Rivian (RIVN) Shares Are Soaring, What You Need To Know
Date: 2025-04-09 18:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lucid-lcid-american-airlines-aal-183902910.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season A number of stocks jumped in the afternoon session after markets rallied sharply on news that President Trump announced a 90-day tariff pause. Reciprocal tariffs were also dropped to 10% for most countries, sparking renewed optimism amid ongoing trade talks. The major stock indices rose as investors, growing impatient of seemingly irrational tariff actions, welcomed the pause as a sign of a more measured path forward. However, Trump was quick to note that China was not part of the pause. Instead, he prepared to raise tariffs on Chinese goods to 125% after China announced retaliatory tariffs on US imports. This tough stance on China stood in sharp contrast to the softer tone toward others. In a week marked by growing uncertainty, this news eased some of the pressure. The questions remain whether we are out of the woods and can sustain the rally or not. The stock market overreacts to news, and big price drops can present good opportunities to buy high-quality stocks. Among others, following stocks were impacted: Automobile Manufacturing company Lucid (NASDAQ:LCID) jumped 11.4%. Is now the time to buy Lucid? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Travel and Vacation Providers company American Airlines (NASDAQ:AAL) jumped 18.9%. Is now the time to buy American Airlines? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Travel and Vacation Providers company Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) jumped 23.4%. Is now the time to buy Delta Air Lines? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Automobile Manufacturing company Ford (NYSE:F) jumped 8.2%. Is now the time to buy Ford? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Automobile Manufacturing company Rivian (NASDAQ:RIVN) jumped 10.9%. Is now the time to buy Rivian? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Delta Air Lines’s shares are somewhat volatile and have had 13 moves greater than 5% over the last year. But moves this big are rare even for Delta Air Lines and indicate this news significantly impacted the market’s perception of the business. The previous big move we wrote about was 30 days ago when the stock dropped 14.3% on the news that the company reported underwhelming preliminary guidance for the March 2025 (Q1 2025) quarter as it lowered its sales, operating margins, and earnings estimates. The revised outlook called for sales growth of 3%-4% (vs previous expectations of 7%-9%) and an operating margin of 4%-5% (vs. previous expectations of 6%-8%). Similarly, EPS was revised to $0.3-$0.5 (vs earlier expectations of $0.7 - $1.0) Management pointed the finger at shaky consumer and corporate confidence, saying macro uncertainty is putting a damper on domestic demand. But they also tried to keep things positive, noting that premium, international, and loyalty revenue were holding up just fine, showing the strength of their diversified revenue streams. Delta Air Lines is down 24.5% since the beginning of the year, and at $44.59 per share, it is trading 35.4% below its 52-week high of $69.06 from February 2025. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Delta Air Lines’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $1,828. Unless you’ve been living under a rock, it should be obvious by now that generative AI is going to have a huge impact on how large corporations do business. We prefer a lesser-known (but still profitable) semiconductor stock benefiting from the rise of AI. Click here to access our free report on our favorite semiconductor growth story. Bernstein analyst Daniel Roeska downgraded Ford Motor stock to Sell from Hold. He had downgraded GM to Sell from Hold on Monday. The narrative around Pfizer couldn't be much worse. That makes the stock very interesting at these prices. Ondo Finance CEO Nathan Allman says crypto-native stablecoins like USDC may hold their ground, but regulatory clarity could open the door for interoperable bank-issued digital dollars. The restaurant chain still wants to offer unique experiences — but leaders are aiming for higher returns on investment. Gilead (GILD) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report. Levi Strauss & Co. CEO Michelle Gass said if the company raises prices due to President Donald Trump's tariffs, the increases would be "very surgical." Dave & Buster's new leadership is looking to correct mistakes made by past executives, interim CEO Kevin Sheehan said on the company's earnings call. Recent action shows how quickly the market can turn around. If you were considering any stocks for long-term investments, it might be better to scoop them up now at discounted prices. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
