Title: US airline CEOs to back Trump administration air traffic control reform plan
Date: 2025-05-07 16:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-airline-ceos-back-trump-164718047.html?.tsrc=rss

By David Shepardson WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The CEOs of the five largest U.S. airlines on Thursday plan to back the Trump administration's proposal to spend tens of billions of dollars to reform the aging air traffic control system and boost hiring, officials said. Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, American Airlines, Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways chief executives are all expected to speak at an event Thursday in which Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy will detail his proposal to Congress. Other aviation industry companies will also attend. Also expected to attend are some relatives of the 67 people killed in the January 29 mid-air collision of an American Airlines regional jet and a U.S. Army helicopter near Reagan Washington airport. Airlines and others may also call for around $30 billion or more in total funding, but Duffy is not expected to release a specific figure beyond the "tens of billions" he said in March the administration would need pending further discussions with lawmakers. Major unions representing aviation pilots, air traffic controllers and flight attendant groups and other aviation associations are also taking part in the event. Congress is also considering $12.5 billion in initial funding as part of bill under consideration. "We're going to build a brand new air traffic control system, from new telecom to new radars to new infrastructure," Duffy said earlier this week, estimating it will take three to four years to address. Trade group Airlines for America, which will also take part in the event Thursday, praised Duffy Wednesday for "his commitment to building a new improved air traffic control system." Delta and United both confirmed their CEOs will attend. A Delta spokesperson said CEO Ed Bastian "fully supports" Duffy's plan and says this is "a once in a lifetime opportunity to address these longstanding challenges." Duffy also wants funding to speed air traffic control hiring. The FAA, which said in March it planned to hire 2,000 air traffic controller trainees this year, said it will offer new bonuses and payments for new controllers and to convince retirement-eligible controllers to stay on the job. A persistent shortage of controllers has delayed flights and many are working mandatory overtime and six-day weeks. The FAA is about 3,500 air traffic controllers short of targeted staffing levels. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama Editing by Mark Potter) HANOI (Reuters) -Vietnam's imports from China and exports to the United States both reached a post-pandemic record in April, amid talks with Washington to reduce Hanoi's trade surplus and a crackdown on Chinese goods being shipped to the U.S. via its territory.  The Southeast Asian nation faces the risk of 46% duties on its exports to the U.S. if the White House confirms this rate at the end of a global tariff pause in July.  This could undermine Vietnam's growth model and hit multinationals exporting from the country, including Samsung and Nike. President Donald Trump's aggressive economic policies, including sweeping tariffs and confrontational trade strategies, are raising alarms among economists about a potential recession. Learn More:... Small businesses across America are feeling the squeeze—and Mark Cuban is making sure it doesn't go unnoticed. In an April 11 post on BlueSky, the billionaire sharply criticized President Donald Trump's administration, saying, "Not a single word to help the 33 million small businesses in this country." As new tariffs on Chinese imports surge to historic levels, small business owners are scrambling to survive a one-two punch of skyrocketing costs and a financing crunch. Don't Miss: Deloitte's fas My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.