Title: Why Airline Stocks Are Flying Higher Today
Date: 2025-05-08 18:37
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/08/why-airline-stocks-are-flying-higher-today/?.tsrc=rss

The U.S. government has announced plans to spend "tens of billions" to upgrade the air traffic control system, advancements that will hopefully help alleviate concerns about flying following a series of high-profile incidents. The airlines are trading higher on the news, withDelta Air Lines(DAL7.47%)andUnited Airlines Holdings(UAL5.49%)each up 7% as of 1:30 p.m. ET andAmerican Airlines Group(AAL4.59%)up 5%. Image source: Getty Images. The nation's air traffic control system is in desperate need of an upgrade, and incidents this year including a fatal mid-air collision over the Potomac River in Washington, D.C. and a recent outage at Newark Liberty International Airport have some questioning whether it is safe to fly. United Airlines has been forced to slash its busy summer schedule due to disruptions at Newark. On Thursday, Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy outlined his proposal to fix the system during a Congressional appearance that also included several airline CEOs. The administration is urging Congress to approve billions in funding to replace aging radar and other equipment and overhaul the tech infrastructure. Speaking elsewhere on Thursday, President Donald Trump said the government is "now in the market to buy a gorgeous brand new system" to handle air traffic control. Though the changes cannot be implemented overnight, a change in the narrative away from focusing on the issues and toward fixing them could help boost demand for air travel. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is909%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to162%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025 Unfortunately for the industry,airline investorshave a lot more to worry about than just air traffic control modernization. This is a highly cyclical industry that is tied closely to the health of the consumer. When times are tough, households and businesses are more likely to cut back on travel than on paying for basic essentials. On earnings calls this quarter, execs largely said that demand is holding up for now but could come under pressure if tariffs and inflation sustain into the summer. With that in mind, the stocks are also likely moving on progress on the trade war front. Those considering buying in now should pay close attention to demand trends in the weeks and months to come. For investors willing to accept the potential for turbulence, Delta and United have industry-leading balance sheets and the scale necessary to take advantage of an uptick in interest in flying from here. Before you buy stock inUnited Airlines, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andUnited Airlineswasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $623,103!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $717,471!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is909% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to162%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025