Title: JBLU's Q1 Loss Narrower Than Expected, Revenues Decline Y/Y
Date: 2025-04-30 13:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jblus-q1-loss-narrower-expected-135900536.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
JetBlue Airways Corporation JBLU reported a first-quarter 2025 loss of 59 cents per share, narrower than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of 61 cents. Lower fuel costs aided the bottom line. In the year-ago quarter, JBLU reported a loss of 43 cents per share.
Operating revenues of $2.14 billion fell short of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.15 billion and decreased 3.1% year over year. Passenger revenues, accounting for the bulk of the top line (92%), declined 3.1% year over year to $1.97 billion. The figure was just shy of our estimate of $2 billion. Other revenues rose 10.9% year over year to $171 million, well above our estimate of $149 million.
JetBlue Airways Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | JetBlue Airways Corporation Quote
Revenue per available seat mile (RASM: a key measure of unit revenues) increased 1.3% year over year to 13.71 cents. Passenger revenue per available seat mile inched up 0.2% year over year to 12.62 cents. The average fare at JetBlue inched down 0.8% year over year to $212.58. The yield per passenger mile decreased 1.1% year over year.
Consolidated traffic (measured in revenue passenger miles) declined 3.1% year over year. Capacity (measured in available seat miles) dropped 4.3% year over year. Consolidated load factor (percentage of seats filled by passengers) improved 1 percentage point to 80.7% as the traffic decline was less than the capacity reduction. Our estimate for load factor was 85.4%.
Total operating costs (on a reported basis) declined 21% year over year to $2.3 billion. Expenses on salaries, wages and benefits increased 4.9% year over year. Expenses on aircraft fuel declined 18.3% year over year.
The average fuel price per gallon (including related taxes) was $2.57, down 13.5% year over year. JBLU’s operating expenses per available seat mile (“CASM”) decreased 0.4% year over year. Excluding fuel, CASM rose 8.3% to 11.45 cents.
For second-quarter 2025, capacity is anticipated to decline in the 0.5-3.5% band. CASM, excluding fuel and special items, is predicted to climb 6.5-8.5%. Capital expenditures are expected to be roughly $400 million. RASM is forecasted to decline in the 3.5-7.5% band from second-quarter 2024 actuals. The average fuel cost per gallon is estimated to be between $2.25 and $2.4.
For 2025, capital expenditures are expected to be roughly $1.3 billion. Interest expenses are projected to be around $600 million. Projections for other key metrics for 2025 have not been provided. CEO Joanna Geraghty stated, "Given the macroeconomic uncertainty, we are not reaffirming our prior full-year guidance."
Delta Air Lines DAL, while kicking off the first-quarter 2025 earnings season on April 9, had withdrawn its outlook for 2025 due to the uncertainty. (See the Zacks Earnings Calendar to stay ahead of market-making news.)
In the March quarter, Delta Air Lines reported earnings (excluding 9 cents from non-recurring items) of 46 cents per share, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 40 cents. Earnings increased 2.2% on a year-over-year basis due to low fuel costs.
Owing to the tariff-induced uncertainty, American Airlines AAL withdrew its 2025 financial guidance. Management stated that it would provide an update later in the year as visibility improves. AAL had reported first-quarter 2025 results on April 24.
In the March quarter, American Airlines’ loss (excluding 13 cents from non-recurring items) of 59 cents per share was narrower than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of 69 cents. In the year-ago quarter, AAL reported a loss of 34 cents per share. Operating revenues of $12.55 billion edged past the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $12.52 billion but decreased 0.2% year over year.
Currently, JBLU carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. 
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) : Free Stock Analysis Report
American Airlines Group Inc. (AAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
They’re a financial cushion to meet your monthly payments. But what makes them mandatory?
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio