Title: Walmart says tariffs are an opportunity to gain market share
Date: 2025-04-09 18:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/walmart-says-tariffs-opportunity-gain-182408004.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season (Bloomberg) — Walmart Inc. (WMT)executives are confident that the world’s largest retailer will reach its financial targets this year, despite tariff turbulence that’s sparking uncertainty in the world economy. On Wednesday, Walmart said that it still sees net sales growing 3% to 4% this year. That forecast accounts for tariffs, unlike its previous outlook from February. The company, which has historically performed well in economic downturns, plans to keep prices low. This means it could take a short-term financial hit to maintain a price advantage against competitors. The company widened the range of its outlook for operating income for this quarter, acknowledging that its actions may weigh on the bottom line, but didn’t provide new guidance. Walmart shares rose as much as 11% in New York trading, the most since 2020, following an announcement by President Donald Trump that the US is pausing the implementation of higher tariffs for 90 days on countries that have refrained from taking retaliatory measures. The advance erased most of the stock’s year-to-date decline. “We’re basically one week into this new environment. There’s not anything that we see right now that would say that we should give up on the year,” John David Rainey, Walmart’s chief financial officer, said during a meeting with analysts in Dallas on Wednesday. “We’ve got a lot of levers, and we’ll be pulling those and we’ll be managing through this.” The Trump administration’s sweeping tariffs are threatening to increase prices on everything from spirits and apparel to electronics and cars, while abrupt changes and announcements have sparked sudden market gyrations. A market selloff last week wiped out trillions of dollars in global equity value and stoked concerns about a recession. Walmart executives told reporters that the company hasn’t seen consumers hoard items, but there has been more spending volatility in recent months. The retailer’s merchants are thinking through the quantity of goods the company needs and how prices could change as a result of tariffs, they added. While Walmart’s playbook will remain the same, “what’s different is the magnitude of what’s being discussed,” Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said. “What we’ve tried to do inside the company with our team is to set a pretty clear list of priorities. At the top of the list is keep prices as low as we possibly can,” he said. Walmart hasn’t recently canceled orders due to tariffs, executives added. The modest shift in guidance for operating income points to “pressure points,” D.A. Davidson & Co. analyst Michael Baker wrote Wednesday in a research note. “Walmart’s signal to invest in prices could be a strategy to gain share and grow shares, but could squeeze profit in the near term,” Baker said. Earlier Wednesday, Delta Air Lines Inc. pulled its forecast due to uncertainty surrounding global trade. Delta, the first airline to report earnings this quarter, sowed caution with investors by saying revenue has “flat-lined” as confidence dims among consumers and businesses. The carrier plans to update its outlook later in the year as visibility improves. Walmart is seen as a barometer for consumer sentiment due to its size and exposure to a broad swath of US shoppers. The company previously said it’s accustomed to tariffs and has a diverse supply chain with about two-thirds of items sourced in the US. Executives say they’ll work closely with vendors to keep prices low. More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Walmart maintains its outlook despite Trump tariffs taking hold. Amazon is likely to face pressure on its profit margins as it feels the effect of the Trump administration's tariffs, but the online retail giant also has advantages, Bank of America analysts wrote Wednesday. America's largest retailer is still trying to figure out the full hit of tariffs to its balance sheet. Las Vegas (Reuters) -Alphabet reiterated on Wednesday it would spend about $75 billion this year to build out data center capacity, doubling down on its generative AI bet even as the payoff remains unclear and a global trade war threatens to raise costs.  The investment would fund the chips and servers needed to burnish its core offerings, including Search, while supporting the development of AI services such as its Gemini model, CEO Sundar Pichai said at the annual conference for Google's cloud computing unit.  Alphabet's shares closed nearly 10% higher on Wednesday amid a big upward swing in markets after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower the hefty duties he had just imposed on dozens of countries, while further ramping up tariff pressure on China. (Bloomberg) -- Sarah Wynn-Williams, a former Meta Platforms Inc. executive-turned-whistleblower, testified before Congress that the social media giant threatened US interests while cozying up to China — claims the company said are false. Wynn-Williams, who served as director of global public policy for the company until she left in 2017, told the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism on Wednesday that she witnessed executives undermining US national security. The testimony Oracle confirmed a second massive data breach The hacker gained access to sensitive information, including usernames, passwords, and encrypted passwords The FBI and cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike Holdings are investigating Oracle Corp. (NYSE:ORCL) has told customers a hacker has broken into its computer system and stolen client log-in credentials, Reuters reported recently. The incident marks the second cybersecurity breach the company has come forward about in the last month. According to insid (Bloomberg) -- Retail stocks soared after President Donald Trump said he’ll pause higher tariffs for 90 days for dozens of nations that haven’t imposed retaliatory measures on the US.Countries getting a reprieve include several key suppliers for many apparel and sneaker makers. Critical production hubs including Vietnam, Indonesia and Cambodia have all expressed interest in negotiating trade deals with the US, but global supply chains remain in limbo until any new pacts are reached.Shares of ret The leaders of Mexico and Brazil said on Wednesday they would work to strengthen trade between their nations — Latin America's two biggest economies — as a counterweight to U.S. President Donald Trump's shifting positions on global tariffs that have thrown markets into chaos.  Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum and Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva met on the sidelines of a regional summit in Honduras, where leaders strategized how to respond Trump's tariffs and escalating deportations, among other issues. Just days after suffering their worst stretch in years, stocks rebounded on Wednesday to notch one of their best days of the 21st century after President Trump announced a 90-day pause on the tariffs that sent stocks across the globe spiraling last week. (Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Amazon.com Inc. has canceled orders for multiple products made in China and other Asian countries, according to a document reviewed by Bloomberg and people familiar with the matter, suggesting the company is reducing its exposure to tariffs imposed by President Donald Trump.The orders for beach chairs, scooters, air conditioners and other merchandise from multiple Amazon vendors were halted after Trump’s Apr Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
