Delta Air Lines offering pay increase to employees for fourth consecutive year_ 'Invest in our peopl
2025-04-30 10-13
https://www.foxbusiness.com/economy/delta-air-lines-offering-pay-increase-employees-fourth-consecutive-year-invest-our-people?.tsrc=rss
Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
          Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
          
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy
Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian speaks to 'The Claman Countdown' about the company's developments at the CES 2025.
Delta Air Lines announced its employees worldwide will be receiving a pay raise this year, marking the fourth consecutive year the company has increased wages.
Each employee will receive a 4% wage increase, which is in accordance with what CEO Ed Bastian announced in January at a leadership conference, according to a Delta news release.
The increase in wages comes just three months after the company paid out nearly five weeks of extra pay in February as part of its profit-sharing program. Delta said it shares profits with employees more than any other U.S. airline or company, totaling over $10 billion in payouts over the past 10 years.
DELTA, JETZERO PARTNER ON FUTURISTIC WIDEBODY PASSENGER JET 
Delta CEO Ed Bastian announced at the beginning of 2025 that employees would be receiving a raise for the fourth consecutive year. (Christophern Goodney/Bloomberg via Getty Images / Getty Images)
"For a century, Delta has acted on the belief that when we invest in our people first, they deliver excellence for our customers," Bastian said on Tuesday. "Combined with the strength and resiliency of our business, these core values will continue to set Delta apart even as we face new pressures."
Delta said its compensation philosophy, which it describes as the best in the entire airline industry, is "rooted in the company's core value of sharing our success with employees."
Since 2022, the company said it has made cumulative investments of 25% or more in compensation in each of its largest frontline workgroups.
Delta has paid out nearly $10 billion over the past 10 years under the company's program-sharing program. (Getty Images)
"With this pay raise, Delta continues to lead our global competitors in providing the highest total compensation to frontline employees for top performance," the release stated, adding that the company is "committed to the financial wellness of our people." 
DELTA, UNITED, ALASKA TOPS IN NORTH AMERICA FOR ON-TIME PERFORMANCE 
In addition to the profit-sharing program, Delta offers a generous benefits package to all employees.
Employees can expect to receive competitive base pay that typically includes a yearly raise, up to $100 monthly to help reach operational goals, free financial coaching with the ability to earn $1,000, a 6% match and an automatic 3% to 401(k) retirement accounts.
Delta was named the No. 1 airline in the annual Just 100 list by JUST Capital and CNBC. (Reuters/Ginnette Riquelme)
GET FOX BUSINESS ON THE GO BY CLICKING HERE
Delta was named the top airline by JUST Capital and CNBC in the annual Just 100 list, which ranks companies on issues like fair wages and worker well-being.

Get a brief on the top business stories of the week, plus CEO interviews, market updates, tech and money news that matters to you.
We've added you to our mailing list.
By clicking subscribe, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time.
           

            Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
            Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
        
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy