Title: The Dow soars 3,000 points as Trump suddenly hits pause on most tariffs
Date: 2025-04-09 20:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dow-futures-slump-750-points-121800891.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season U.S. market indexes shot up Wednesday afternoon after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. “Based on the fact that more than 75 Countries have called Representatives of the United States” to negotiate the tariffs, Trump posted on his Truth Social platform, “I have authorized a 90 day PAUSE, and a substantially lowered Reciprocal Tariff during this period, of 10% ... effective immediately.” The tech-heavy Nasdaq ended the day up 1,857 points (12.2%). The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 2,963 points (7.9%) on the day, while the S&P climbed 474 points (9.5%). In the same post, Trump announced that he was raising the tariff rate on China from 104% to 125% “effective immediately.” China had announced retaliatory tariffs on U.S. imports earlier in the day. The total levy implemented by Beijing, which went into effect at noon ET on Wednesday, comes out to 84%. Trump wrote in his post that the decision to increase the tariffs on China was due to a “lack of respect that China has shown to the World’s Markets.” He wrote, “At some point, hopefully in the near future, China will realize that the days of ripping off the U.S.A., and other Countries, is no longer sustainable or acceptable.” China wasn’t alone in retaliating against Trump’s tariffs. The EU voted Wednesday morning to place tariffs on U.S. imports, including manufactured goods and farm products such as soybeans, according to the New York Times. The tariffs would range from 10% to 25% and would go into effect April 15. The stock market’s sharp climb Wednesday comes after four straight days of losses. Stocks suffered a steep sell-off Tuesday, when the S&P 500 fell 1.6%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped nearly 1%, and the Nasdaq Composite slid 2.1%. Monday featured the highest trading volume in three years. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said Wednesday that the tariff pause was not in response to recent market volatility, according to a Bloomberg reporter. Gold jumped 3% on Wednesday, typically a sign of investors moving to lower-risk assets. Despite Wednesday’s rally, long-term fears remain. The constant whiplash on tariffs has led to volatility and uncertainty in the market. Earlier Wednesday, Walmart (WMT) scrapped its first-quarter operating income guidance, citing a lack of long-term clarity around tariffs. Bloomberg reported that Amazon (AMZN) had started quietly canceling some wholesale orders from Asia. A dramatic sell-off in government bonds pushed the 30-year yield above 4.75%, its highest level since February, as fears mounted that tariffs could fuel inflation rather than cool the economy. “If Trump’s secret agenda is to crash the stock market to bring down long-term interest rates, the plan already failed,” economist Peter Schiff posted on X. “The plan to crash the stock market is now crashing the bond market too.” Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday saying that many macro fund managers he’s spoken with wonder whether Trump “might be insane.” Lee wrote that if tariffs stay in place for an extended period, it would result in the government effectively “freezing” the economy. Then, companies would be so pummeled by the tariffs that the “shock” to the economy would ripple, leading to a cascade of slowing economic activity and the very real risk of a recession. A report from the U.S. Census Bureau on February’s wholesale trade sales and inventories is due Wednesday, which could provide clues about inventory buildups and downstream economic softness. Any signs of weakening wholesale activity could reinforce concerns about the economy’s resilience in the face of rising geopolitical tensions and delayed Fed rate cuts. Delta Air Lines (DAL) reported its earnings Wednesday, forecasting second-quarter revenue to decline up to 2% or grow as much as 2% over last year. Analysts had expected growth of 1.9%. CEO Ed Bastian referred to Trump’s trade policies as “the wrong approach” and said bookings were down because of declining markets, decreased business travel, and a shrinking government workforce. Bastian had previously said he expected 2025 to be the “best financial year in our history,” but that was before the market chaos of the past month. Delta is seen as an early bellwether for first-quarter travel results. Its stock was up 21.7% on Wednesday but remains down 26% year-to-date. —Kevin Williams contributed to this report. For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. The stock market surged on Wednesday after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on some tariffs but escalated import taxes on China.  The Dow surged 2,600 points, or 6.9%.  The Nasdaq Composite jumped 10%, on pace for its best day since 2008, according to Dow Jones Market Data. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Do you ever wonder how long you should hang onto your tax paperwork? This form of recordkeeping may lead taxpayers to ask how long they need to keep and store documentation or if they are meant to... Your mid-fifties is a good time to do a retirement check. To be clear, you should always have at least one eye on retirement. This isn't something to ever forget entirely. But most of the time, that means nothing more than making sure your annual contributions go through in-full, on-time and to the right places, […] The post What’s a Realistic Retirement Budget? I’m 55 With $490k Saved, Making $80,000 Annually. appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
