Title: How prebiotic soda Olipop leveraged social media to grow from a $100,000 investment to a $1.85 billion brand on shelves at Walmart, Target, and Whole Foods
Date: 2025-05-01 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/prebiotic-soda-olipop-leveraged-social-140000400.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Soda is becoming a superfood. Next time you go down the soft drink aisle at the grocery store, you may notice a growing number of new names and designs vying for your dollars.
They aren’t just promising a refreshing satisfaction to your sweet tooth or carbonation craving—the new industry is promising a healthy alternative to the long-dominant soda companies Coca-Cola and PepsiCo. The one company now leading the charge is Olipop.
Olipop calls its drinks “a new kind of soda” because of their emphasis on nutrition versus sugary craving—with prebiotics, plant fiber, and natural sweeteners found in each of its 18 flavors (vintage cola, grape, and crisp apple are the most popular). However, going from a startup big to a household consumer brand has been no easy feat; to spread the word, the company relies on social media and on showing up where consumers are, such as at sporting events.
With a valuation of $1.85 billion, Olipop is profitable and surpassed $400 million in revenue last year. And its biggest competitor, Poppi, was recently acquired by PepsiCo for $1.65 billion, leaving Olipop one of the largest independent challengers to the soda giants.
Getting loyal soda drinkers to try a new product has not been an easy task—it’s taken years of recipe experimentation, long-shot retail pitches, and thousands of social media posts to find success.
Ben Goodwin cofounded Olipop in 2018 and now serves as CEO of the Oakland-based company. He says the secret hasn’t been based on encouraging people to give up their love and nostalgia for soda, but instead making a new version that’s craveable and has real health benefits.
“Our approach has celebrated these intergenerational connections rather than trying to replace them. By honoring that emotional connection while elevating the experience, we’ve built a brand that doesn’t just replace soda—it evolves it,” Goodwin tells Fortune.
From the very beginning, Olipop knew it had to break conventions to make it in the cutthroat soda world, and Steven Vigilante, part of the founding Olipop team, took to social media platforms like TikTok and Instagram to propel the brand as a fun new way for young people in particular to get their soda fix.
“[We] don't take ourselves too seriously,” Vigilante, now the director of strategic partnerships, tells Fortune. “We're soda. We play in the soda space. We have the gut health stuff. There are very obvious ties between fiber and poop, and we shouldn't be afraid of that.”
On top of leaning into toilet humor and viral trends, Olipop has emphasized being human-first as a way to gain name recognition against multibillion-dollar brands. If you scroll through Olipop’s social feeds on TikTok or Instagram, you won’t find highly produced content, but you will find short and sweet plays on viral trends, emojis, and soda cans.
“I always tell the team, if you're going to write a comment from the account, make sure it sounds like it's coming from a person, not a brand, because every brand sounds the same,” Vigilante says.
It’s a lane that Coca-Cola, for example, has yet to embrace. The $300 billion company (over 150 times that of Olipop) has about three times more TikTok followers than Olipop but only posts a fraction of the content.
Olipop’s goal to chip away at the market slowly has been working, with the product now found in some 50,000 retailers, like Target and Whole Foods. Moreover, according to Vigilante, Olipop is now a “nine-figure business” at Walmart.
And even though a 12-pack of prebiotic soda may cost you over three times more than Coke or Pepsi, many customers don’t mind—and it’s catching the eye of the big brands.
However, instead of buying up competition like PepsiCo, Coca-Cola seems to be going its own way. Earlier this year, it launched a prebiotic soda under the Simply Juice brand name, with flavors like strawberry, fruit punch, and pineapple mango (there is no cola-flavored or “Coke” prebiotic option). Moreover, on the product’s web page, there is, notably, a “Commonly Asked” question section that calls out competitors by name, offering an answer to how Simply Pop compares with Olipop and Poppi.
But it’s not just supermarket shelves where functional soda is expanding—it’s in sporting venue contracts, too, an area that soda brands once thought was impenetrable. Last year, the Barclays Center in New York approached Olipop with a desire to carve out its existing Pepsi contract to sell prebiotic soda—something Vigilante says is unprecedented in the beverage industry. Now Olipop is sold in six different major sporting venues—including the $2 billion L.A. Clippers Intuit Dome—as well as being the official beverage partner of two professional soccer teams.
While product placement and creator partnerships have overall aided Olipop in growing its brand, Vigilante credits simply being at the right place at the right time and following consumer demands.
“I'm obsessed with being in the zeitgeist, and I think as a brand, especially in the soda space, where soda is so deeply in the consumer zeitgeist already, it becomes more and more important, the bigger we get, to keep showing up in different places,” he says.
According to Sam Shapiro, a principal at L.E.K. Consulting who has followed the beverage market for close to a decade, the demand for traditional soft drinks has been slowly declining as consumers have opted away from high-fructose corn syrup and sugar in their diet. Functional products, like prebiotic soda, have been able to fill the gap with “durability.”
“Alternative sodas have just dramatically outpaced the broader soda market, in terms of retail sales, volume sales, and even the presence in food service,” Shapiro tells Fortune.
And with growth unlikely to slow down anytime soon, businesses like Olipop are a perfect example of how to properly embrace and cater to a market shifting toward younger consumers.
“Our generation is in charge now,” Vigilante, who is a millennial, says. “The businesses that have figured that out are winning, and the businesses that still have legacy people with legacy ways of thinking in these seats—it’s reflected in their company performance and their stock price right now.”
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
General Motors (GM) on Thursday lowered its full-year earnings outlook to reflect a $4 billion to $5
The mega retailer is eager to use more real-time payments as it speeds up digital services for cost-conscious customers.
Pinterest (PINS) reachead $25.49 at the closing of the latest trading day, reflecting a +0.67% change compared to its last close.
In other beverage news, women-founded brand Gorgie raised $24.5 million for its better-for-you energy drink.
Truist lowered the firm’s price target on Hilton (HLT) to $223 from $251 and keeps a Hold rating on the shares after its Q1 results and guidance. The company’s international exposure and new brands help, but the firm has reduced its managed and franchise multiple assumption by 100 bps as Hilton’s C-Corp algorithm looks impaired for now, the analyst tells investors in a research note. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> S
“He used a crappy lawyer to set up a very boilerplate trust agreement.”
From recruiting friends to assigning C-suite level roles too early, many startup founders make early hiring mistakes that prove hard to undo.
Medical stocks could see a resurgence if the economy hits a speed bump due to tariffs. But which health care stocks are worth watching?
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterAlmost as swiftly as he has erected his tariff wall around the US over the
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio