Title: Here's what top C-suites are saying about tariffs
Date: 2025-05-02 17:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/heres-top-c-suites-saying-170000932.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
US President Trump's tariff policies have created a challenging environment for business leaders. Here's what some executives are saying about navigating tariffs, including CEOs from Coca-Cola (KO), Starbucks (SBUX), and AstraZeneca (AZN), and top executives at Meta (META), General Motors (GM), and Amazon (AMZN).
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here.
It's now been one month since so-called liberation day, when President Trump made his tariff announcements. Since then, we haven't seen new deals, though the Trump administration says negotiations with nations, like India, Japan and South Korea, are nearing the finish line. The uncertainty has weighed on consumer confidence and caused some companies to lower and even withdraw their guidance. Here's what top executives have shared this earning season about the impact of tariffs on consumers and their businesses.
Look, if you look at the US business, the weakness in volume in Q1 was concentrated in what we call future consumption packaging, which is much more predominantly, uh, in, in, in supermarkets, or in kind of independent trade outlets, rather than either convenience, which I think is a partly an indication of some of the affordability pressure, uh, for the lower income consumers and some of the geopolitical reaction. Look, I think
consumers obviously are feeling some pressure. There's no doubt that you're seeing, uh, a consumer sentiment go down over the last couple of months. Uh, but I do think, uh, they're still being very choiceful in where they want to spend their money.
We believe that, uh, the best way forward is to not charge, uh, tariffs on pharmaceuticals, but, uh, create an environment that attracts investment through, uh, an attractive corporate tax rate.
Uh, the higher costs we expect to incur for infrastructure hardware this year really comes from, you know, suppliers who source from countries around the world. Um, and there's just a lot of uncertainty around this given the ongoing, um, trade discussions. We're also working on, you know, um, on our end on mitigations by optimizing our supply chain. And our outlook is really trying to reflect our best understanding of the potential impact, um, this year, you know, across all of that uncertainty.
Post clarity from the presidential actions of Tuesday, we are expecting a four to five billion dollar impact from tariffs. This includes about two billion dollars coming from vehicles we import from Korea, as well as tariffs on vehicle imports from Mexico and Canada in addition to indirect material imports.
Assuming the current global tariff rates, policies and applications do not change for the balance of the quarter, and no new tariffs are added, we estimate the impact to add 900 million dollars to our costs.
We've seen some heightened buying in certain categories that may indicate stocking up in advance of any potential tariff impact. But when you've got, uh, two million plus sellers, they're not all going to take the same strategy if there ends up being higher tariffs. I mean, there are there are going to be plenty of sellers that they decide to pass on those higher costs to end consumers. I think when you've got larger diversity like we have, um, we have a better chance of some of those sellers deciding that they're going to capture share and, um, and they're not going to pass on all or any of those tariffs to, uh, um, the customers.
Amazon reported its first quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday.
The Coca-Cola Company entered into an agreement with India’s Jubilant Bhartia Group for the stake in December.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
They’re a financial cushion to meet your monthly payments. But what makes them mandatory?
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Small business loans can be either secured or unsecured.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio