Title: The Coca-Cola Company (KO): Among the Best Stocks to Buy During Recession
Date: 2025-05-01 13:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-company-ko-among-135918458.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against the other stocks.
As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes that the sentiment has been a critical driver, but fundamentals seem to be healthy. This makes up for an optimistic longer-run outlook. Despite the tariff shocks creating difficult markets, the firm is constructive in its outlook and opines that volatility is an opportunity to capitalize on stock dispersion. Furthermore, Asia continues to exhibit a diversification opportunity for making investments in the AI theme, with equities providing low correlation to US counterparts.
The trade and tariff uncertainty, which fueled the early-year volatility, advanced at the beginning of Q2 due to the US tariff pronouncements, according to the investment management company. This resulted in a global market meltdown and revived fears related to recession. However, as the quarter progressed, the tariff tensions took a backseat, and there was some optimism visible in the broader US markets. The asset manager believes that, while tariffs remain a critical measure, the potential for market-supporting policies like deregulation and corporate tax cuts provides some room for emergent optimism.
The firm highlighted the importance of an active approach in a bid to capitalize on inefficiencies and to make precise and intentional decisions amidst historic change and transition. While the results of bilateral tariff negotiations remain unpredictable, having a pulse on company dynamics, mainly when the macro picture remains unclear, can act as a differentiator for portfolios.
The firm opines that corporate strength has supported the US equities’ momentum, and it comes through in earnings and market share. As per the firm, relatively pro-industry policies have stimulated healthy FCF. Several companies throughout different time frames have deployed the cash for future business growth. Even though the policy uncertainty in the current time of transition led to the pause in large investment decisions, the company believes that moves toward deregulation and the reshoring of supply chains once policy gets settled can result in the revival of CapEx spending throughout industries, such as technology and industrials. Despite tariffs dominating, the asset manager expects that deregulation and other policy priorities can regain attention. The high drive for innovation is the long-term secular trend that can support the US equities.
To list the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession, we considered the stocks from recession-proof industries such as utilities, consumer defensive, and healthcare. After getting an extensive list of 25-30 stocks, we chose the ones popular among hedge funds. Finally, the stocks were arranged in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiments, as of Q4 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A row of factory workers assembling bottles of sparkling soft drinks on a conveyor belt.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) is engaged in manufacturing and selling various non-alcoholic beverages. Morningstar expects its brand portfolio to support pricing power and close retailer relations, along with scale benefits due to a massive global system, to reinforce its competitive position in the broader non-alcoholic beverages segment and fuel excess investment returns. The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO)’s powerful brand portfolio and marketing prowess offer a healthy foundation for long-term future growth.
The company’s robust brand equity enables it to fetch premium pricing and maintain customer loyalty. Furthermore, The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO)’s marketing efficiency, fueled by the scale, allows it to effectively promote new products and enter new markets. This can help drive sales growth and market share gains throughout its diverse beverage portfolio. The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO)’s global scale, together with local-market expertise, uniquely places it to capture the vast opportunities ahead.
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO), along with its bottling partners, has been exemplifying leadership in revenue growth management (RGM) through providing relevant global and local brands across packages at the right price points to address consumer needs. The returnable glass bottles provide a unique competitive advantage, possessing an expansive footprint throughout over 110 countries and, in 2024, added 1.6 billion unit cases to total company volume performance, delivering a growth rate surpassing the total company volume growth.
Overall KO ranks 8th on our list of the best stocks to buy during recession. While we acknowledge the potential of KO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some deeply undervalued AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for a deeply undervalued AI stock that is more promising than KO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Is a recession the best time to buy a house — or the worst? Learn the pros and cons of buying a home in a recession to decide if it’s the right move for you.
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) stands against the other stocks. As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes that […]
Based on the average brokerage recommendation (ABR), Coca-Cola (KO) should be added to one's portfolio. Wall Street analysts' overly optimistic recommendations cast doubt on the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric. So, is the stock worth buying?
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) stands against the other stocks. As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes that the […]
Sweetgreen (SG) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
The company expects revenue in the second quarter to fall between $2.59bn and $2.66bn.
General Motors (GM) on Thursday lowered its full-year earnings outlook to reflect a $4 billion to $5
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio