Title: There Are 400 Million Reasons Why Warren Buffett Loves This Dividend Stock. Is It a Must-Buy in May?
Date: 2025-05-02 12:40
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/02/reasons-buffett-dividend-stock-must-buy-may/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
One of Warren Buffett's core investment tenets is to buy high-quality companies that possess economic moats. Having durable competitive strengths helps a business defend itself against existing rivals and new entrants to the industry. Look at Berkshire Hathaway's massive $277 billion public equity portfolio and you'll see this philosophy on full display.
The conglomerate has a stake in dozens of companies, but Buffett's firm owns 400 million shares of one top dividend stock. Is it a must-buy in May?
Based on the stock market's performance in 2025, investors are worried that economic conditions will worsen, and a recession could be coming soon. 
This backdrop isn't that much of a concern for Coca-Cola (KO 0.53%), the beverage giant that Buffett seems to love. The company exceeded Wall Street estimates in Q1 2025 (the three months ended March 28), reporting $11.2 billion in adjusted revenue, which was flat compared to the year-ago period.
Management follows volume trends closely. Coca-Cola sold 2% more unit cases during the quarter than in Q1 2024. Countries like India, China, and Brazil were called out as strong markets. It's also worth mentioning the star of the show, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, an extremely popular product that saw 14% volume growth globally.
In typical fashion, Coca-Cola flexed its pricing power. Volume might not see much expansion potential, due to the company's presence in virtually every corner of the world. However, Coca-Cola's brand is so powerful, contributing to its moat, that it benefits from tremendous customer loyalty. There was a positive 5% effect due to favorable pricing and mix in the quarter.
Coca-Cola might be known for selling over 200 different beverage products. But it's important to know that the business relies on third-party partners to handle bottling and packaging. The result is an extremely profitable operation.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 889% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 2, 2025
After posting a stellar 22.6% net income margin in 2024, Coca-Cola's bottom line expanded with a 29.9% margin in Q1. This setup is extremely beneficial for Buffett and Berkshire. 
Coca-Cola is a dividend powerhouse. In February, the executive team raised the quarterly payout, keeping a streak of a jaw-dropping 63 straight years of increases alive. Given how profitable the company is, there's minimal risk this income stream will go away anytime soon, if ever.
Berkshire's 400 million shares bring in $204 million in passive income every quarter. Annualized, that figure jumps to $816 million. Understandably, Buffett has never sold a share since first buying a stake in the business in 1988. Coca-Cola has done a fantastic job at quenching the Oracle of Omaha's thirst for a safe, steady, and reliable income stream.
Most would agree that Coca-Cola can provide stability to a portfolio. Investors might want nothing more in today's market environment. 
But to be clear, don't expect the stock to generate market-beating returns over the long term. Coca-Cola has dramatically underperformed the S&P 500 in the past five and 10 years, and I don't believe this trend will change.
The price-to-earnings ratio currently sits at 29.3. This is close to the most expensive level in the past 12 months. This valuation is no doubt elevated when you consider earnings per share are projected to increase at a compound annual growth rate of 6% between 2024 and 2027. 
Only income investors will find the stock a must-buy in May, as the dividend yield is 2.82%. By doing this, you'll be following in Warren Buffett's footsteps. However, Coca-Cola won't provide meaningful capital appreciation. 
Before you buy stock in Coca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Coca-Cola wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $611,271!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $684,068!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 889% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
Neil Patel has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.