Title: Visa CEO on economic slowdown, new stablecoin deal, and AI agents that shop for you
Date: 2025-04-30 18:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/visa-ceo-on-economic-slowdown-new-stablecoin-deal-and-ai-agents-that-shop-for-you-181518777.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Trump trade war hasn't thrust the US economy into a recession, Visa (V) CEO Ryan McInerney says.
"We saw strong, broad-based consumer spending. We definitely saw some deceleration in certain parts of the economy, but also strong spending growth in other parts of the economy," McInerney told Yahoo Finance on Wednesday (video above).
"What we can add is a view in a broad-based way across a significant portion of Americans and almost all the categories in which they spend. And, you know, for the last three months or so, including the first three or four weeks of April, we've seen strong spending growth," he added.
McInerney has the numbers to back up his observation.
Visa's first quarter earnings came in above analyst estimates after the close on Tuesday.
First quarter sales rose 9% from the prior year to $9.6 billion, beating analyst forecasts for $9.56 billion. Earnings came in at $2.76 a share, ahead of forecasts for $2.68. Cross-border payments volume increased 13% from the prior year.
Total US payment volume has increased 8% in April, which is a 100 basis point acceleration from March. Total cross-border volume increased 15% in April, which is roughly a 400 basis point improvement from March.
"So there's no question that there's stronger spending growth at the most affluent segments," McInerney noted.
Visa announced a new $30 billion multiyear share repurchase program.
Shares fell slightly in today's session as investors digest a 0.3% first quarter contraction in US GDP.
The Trump administration's trade war is beginning to take a bite out of US consumer spending as households deal with increased economic uncertainty and rising prices.
"If you look at the US business, the weakness in volume in Q1 was concentrated in what we call future consumption packaging, which is much more predominant in supermarkets or in kind of independent trade outlets, rather than either convenience or the kind of away-from-home quick-serve restaurants and all the away from home channels," Coca-Cola (KO) chairman and CEO James Quincey told Yahoo Finance on Tuesday.
Procter & Gamble (PG) chairman and CEO Jon Moeller said households are cutting back on the number of loads of laundry they do each week to save money.
The macroeconomic uncertainty isn't stopping Visa from pressing forward with product innovation, however.
The company said today it would launch stablecoin-linked Visa cards in partnership with Stripe-owned Bridge.
It also took the wraps off Visa Intelligent Commerce, which will allow consumers to shop using AI-powered agents. A customer will be able to easily set spending limits and conditions for clear guidelines for agent-related transactions. The transactions will be tokenized in order to ensure security.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
The S&P 500 is above its 50-day moving average and it is inching back towards the 200-day moving average. The bull could be back if it tops that threshold.
Big Tech looks to have calmed Wall Street nerves overnight, helping deflect attention from the U.S. economy's tariff-skewed first quarterly contraction in three years.  In today's column, I explain why the euro zone's outperformance against the U.S. in the first quarter may be more than just a flash in the pan.  * Ukraine and the U.S. on Wednesday signed a deal heavily promoted by U.S. President Donald Trump that will give the United States preferential access to new Ukrainian minerals deals and fund investment in Ukraine's reconstruction.
The SEC subpoenaed PayPal in late 2023 over its dollar-backed stablecoin.
Musk criticized the Fed’s $2.5 billion remodeling of its Washington, D.C., headquarters.
As consumers brace for the potential impacts of Trump’s tariffs, they’re cutting back on hotel stays and airline travel, Visa executives said.
For the six months ended 31 March 2025, Visa’s net income was $9.7bn, up from $9.55bn in the same period of the previous year.
(Bloomberg) -- Bitcoin is fast approaching $100,000 once again, after reaching its highest level since late February, with investors’ appetite for risk being rekindled across financial markets.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of B
The bank is entering a crowded field with competitors like Coinbase and Robinhood.
Robinhood  Markets Chief Financial Officer Jason Warnick plans to sell up to $27 million of shares of the trading platform.  On Feb. 14, Warnick filed a so-called Rule 10b5-1 trading plan to sell up 525,000 Robinhood shares, the company disclosed in its first-quarter report with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The company disclosure of Warnick’s plan notes that restricted stock units “convert into class A common stock on a one-for-one basis upon vesting and settlement,” which may mean some or all of the shares to be sold will be vested RSUs.
ZURICH (Reuters) -The head of the world's banking watchdog said Switzerland's existing rules on bank capital do not unfairly penalise its lenders versus rivals elsewhere, pushing back on arguments UBS has made to oppose government plans to toughen them up.  Under Swiss proposals to make banks hold more capital to make them safer following the 2023 collapse of Credit Suisse, UBS has estimated it could need $40 billion in additional capital compared to where it stood before the emergency takeover of its former rival.  Neil Esho, Secretary General of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, told Reuters that it was misleading to focus solely on headline capital requirements when Swiss rules allowed for more flexibility than other jurisdictions regarding which financial instruments could count as capital.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio