Title: Jubilant Bhartria Group gets nod to acquire 40% of Coca-Cola’s India bottler
Date: 2025-05-02 13:54
URL: https://www.just-drinks.com/news/jubilant-hindustan-coca-cola-holdings/?.tsrc=rss

The Coca-Cola Company entered into an agreement with India’s Jubilant Bhartia Group for the stake in December. 
India’s Jubilant Bhartia Group has received approval from India’s competition watchdog to acquire a 40% stake in Hindustan Coca-Cola Holdings, of which The Coca-Cola Company’s Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages is a subsidiary.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) gave its nod to the deal yesterday (1 May).

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            




The transaction will see see Jubilant Bhartria’s drinks subsidiary Jubilant Beverages Limited takeover the stake from Hindustan Coca-Cola Overseas Holdings and Bharat Coca-Cola Overseas Holdings, according to the CCI’s statement. 
The deal with Jubilant Bhartria was agreed in December, with no financial details disclosed.
However, Indian media reports at the time pegged its value between Rs100bn ($1.18bn) and Rs125bn ($1.47bn).
When the deal was signed, The Coca-Cola Company said the Indian conglomerate’s investment would “strengthen its position in the Indian market”.
Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis.
Sanket Ray, the president of Coca‑Cola’s India and South West Asia business unit also said the investment would “accelerate the CocaCola system”, allowing the company to “win in the market and provide greater value”.
Headquartered in Bangalore, Karnataka, HCCB operates across 12 states and 236 districts in South and West India. It runs 13 factories and sells 37 products under eight brands, including Coca-Cola, Thums Up, and Sprite.
Besides HCCB, Coca-Cola also operates in India through Coca-Cola India.
Separately from the deal with Jubilant Bhartria, in December, HCCB also agreed to sell its bottling operations in the Indian state of Jharkhand to Moon Beverages.
In a statement to Just Drinks at the time, Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages said the deal is a “significant decision” as it aims to ensure the “right level” of investment across all areas of the business, while achieving both “scale and continuity”. 
Nominations are now open for the prestigious Just Drinks Excellence Awards - one of the industry's most recognised programmes celebrating innovation, leadership, and impact. This is your chance to showcase your achievements, highlight industry advancements, and gain global recognition. Don't miss the opportunity to be honoured among the best - submit your nomination today!

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    




Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 





                                                                                                                        Just Drinks : Just Drinks Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Drinks & Beverage Industry News | Market Research - Just Drinks
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
As part of GlobalData's extensive network of websites, this site is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation,  personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services.  Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessiblehere.

We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.  We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website. 

By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’. 