Title: McDonald's (MCD) Rises Yet Lags Behind Market_ Some Facts Worth Knowing
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 21-45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-mcd-rises-yet-lags-214505145.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
McDonald's (MCD) closed the latest trading day at $303.58, indicating a +1.25% change from the previous session's end. The stock fell short of the S&P 500, which registered a gain of 9.52% for the day. At the same time, the Dow added 7.87%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 12.16%.
Heading into today, shares of the world's biggest hamburger chain had lost 2.26% over the past month, outpacing the Retail-Wholesale sector's loss of 13.14% and the S&P 500's loss of 13.47% in that time.
Investors will be eagerly watching for the performance of McDonald's in its upcoming earnings disclosure. The company's earnings report is set to be unveiled on May 1, 2025. The company's upcoming EPS is projected at $2.68, signifying a 0.74% drop compared to the same quarter of the previous year. In the meantime, our current consensus estimate forecasts the revenue to be $6.13 billion, indicating a 0.58% decline compared to the corresponding quarter of the prior year.
For the annual period, the Zacks Consensus Estimates anticipate earnings of $12.25 per share and a revenue of $26.4 billion, signifying shifts of +4.52% and +1.87%, respectively, from the last year.
Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for McDonald's. These revisions help to show the ever-changing nature of near-term business trends. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability.
Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank. This model considers these estimate changes and provides a simple, actionable rating system.
The Zacks Rank system ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell). It has a remarkable, outside-audited track record of success, with #1 stocks delivering an average annual return of +25% since 1988. The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 0.11% higher within the past month. As of now, McDonald's holds a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).
Investors should also note McDonald's's current valuation metrics, including its Forward P/E ratio of 24.47. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 20.7, so one might conclude that McDonald's is trading at a premium comparatively.
We can also see that MCD currently has a PEG ratio of 3.07. Comparable to the widely accepted P/E ratio, the PEG ratio also accounts for the company's projected earnings growth. As of the close of trade yesterday, the Retail - Restaurants industry held an average PEG ratio of 1.94.
The Retail - Restaurants industry is part of the Retail-Wholesale sector. With its current Zacks Industry Rank of 184, this industry ranks in the bottom 26% of all industries, numbering over 250.
The Zacks Industry Rank evaluates the power of our distinct industry groups by determining the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks forming the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.
Keep in mind to rely on Zacks.com to watch all these stock-impacting metrics, and more, in the succeeding trading sessions.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Delta Air Lines Inc. withdrew its full-year financial guidance due to uncertainty surrounding global trade as it reported first-quarter results. While Delta still anticipates a profit in 2025, it declined to reaffirm the forecast issued in January. Dani Burger reports on Bloomberg Television.
Oil prices swung wildly on Wednesday, sinking to a four-year low in anticipation of slowing economic growth due to a burgeoning trade war, before jumping 2% after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on most of his tariffs.  U.S. benchmark crude followed U.S. markets higher in the afternoon rising 2%, or $1.20, to $60.79 per barrel after the latest reversal by the Trump administration.  Energy prices mostly have been in decline since Trump's inauguration in January, with the cost of a barrel of oil sliding about $20 since the start of the year.
Coca-Cola (NYSE: KO) is one of the best-known consumer staples companies on the planet and has an incredible dividend track record.  At a time of elevated market volatility, owning a stock like Coca-Cola can help investors sleep well at night.  Coca-Cola, with its namesake soda and a host of other beverage products, has a global reach and loyal customers.
A day that began with fears of a financial crisis ended with surging stock prices after President Donald Trump put a 90-day pause on the bulk of his global tariffs.  The Nasdaq Composite roared 12%—its largest percent gain since 2001, and its second-largest gain on record.  The Dow soared 2,963 points, or 7.9%.
In the most recent trading session, AutoZone (AZO) closed at $3,566.72, indicating a +1.93% shift from the previous trading day.
LOCO's ability to manage costs, adapt to evolving consumer preferences, and maintain a differentiated brand identity should support growth.
British sportswear retailer JD Sports, one of Nike's largest customers, said on Wednesday it felt "really good" about the direction of the brand and their relationship despite trading and tariff challenges.  Shares in Nike, based in Beaverton, Oregon, have slumped 42% over the last year, initially due to weak trading in the face of intensifying competition and more recently the hit from U.S. President Donald Trump's imposition of new tariffs.  With almost 40% of JD's sales made in the U.S., the group is also exposed to the tariffs.
Take-Two Interactive (NASDAQ: TTWO) stock rallied in Wednesday's trading as investors got some good news on the tariff front.  The video game company's share price closed out the day's trading up 6.1%.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) rose 9.5%, and the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) jumped 12.1%.
If you have a nest egg of $50,000 saved towards retirement, but with quite a way out to actual retirement, and you're also thinking of investing it in the stock market, you can potentially make some serious gains in the long run.  Many investors might be nervously watching the market's recent decline, worried about whether investing in growth stocks is still a good idea.  Investing in growth stocks can result in significant gains in the long run.
Many investors are understandably worried about what comes next, especially once businesses and consumers start seeing the impact of President Trump's tariffs.  However, if you happen to have any less-than-stellar stocks in your portfolio, now may be a good time to unload them.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
