The Zacks Analyst Blog Bank of America, Chevron, Stryker, Value Line and Sypris
2025-04-15 10-46
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-analyst-blog-bank-america-104600485.html?.tsrc=rss
Chicago, IL – April 15, 2025 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include Bank of America Corporation BAC, Chevron Corporation CVX and Stryker Corporation SYK, as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. VALU and Sypris Solutions, Inc. SYPR.
The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bank of America Corporation, Chevron Corporation and Stryker Corporation, as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. and Sypris Solutions, Inc.The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.
These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.
You cansee all of today’s research reports here >>>
Shares ofBank of Americahave gained +2.5% over the past year against the Zacks Financial - Investment Bank industry’s gain of +20.4%. The company’s volatile nature of the trading business is a major headwind. Despite an impressive performance since 2022, it is expected to normalize going forward. This is likely to hamper fee income growth.
The Zacks analyst project non-interest income to rise only 3.4% in 2025. Continued investments in the franchise will keep the company’s expenses elevated. We expect total non-interest expenses to rise 3% this year. While high funding costs are still a woe, the company’s net interest income (NII) will be positively impacted by higher rates for longer.
The Zacks analyst expects NII to record a CAGR of 5.3% over the next three years. Plans to open financial centers in new and existing markets and improve digital capabilities will aid the top line. We project total revenues to grow 4.8% in 2025.
(You canread the full research report on Bank of America here >>>)
Chevron’sshares have declined -6.2% over the past six months against the Zacks Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry’s decline of -11.9%. The company being a fully integrated energy firm, is positioned as one of the top global integrated oil firms, set for sustainable production growth, particularly due to its dominant position in the lucrative Permian Basin.