Title: Chevron, Occidental downgraded amid oil price concerns
Date: 2025-04-11 21:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/chevron-occidental-downgraded-amid-oil-210015472.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Scotiabank downgraded Occidental Petroleum (OXY) and Chevron (CVX) to Sector Perform from Sector Outperform.
Market Domination hostsJosh LiptonandJulie Hymandiscuss the latest news, highlighting concerns over Occidental's leveraged position following its Crown Rock acquisition and potential buyback reductions at Chevron.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Dominationhere.
Occidental Petroleum and Chevron hit with a downgrade from Scotia Bank, these stocks lowered to sector perform from sector outperform. Scotiabank also lowering its price target on each stock. So, um, the note here. So on Occidental, they go to sector perform. So the equivalent of a hold, Julie. The uh target is 40. They talk about a leverage position is being more problematic versus rivals due to the untimely acquisition of crown rock. They talk about how it's going to be tough for the company to outperform until the macro improves.
Yeah, and they talk about how that this is, in their words, one of the most oil leveraged companies within our universe. I don't know if you've noticed, but we've seen oil prices go down. So that would be a negative potentially in this environment. When it comes to Chevron, you know, one of the key reasons why investors hold these oil companies is because of the cash return to shareholders. Mm-hmm. Yes. Exactly. And the analyst at Scotia says we think that Chevron has a higher likelihood of reducing their current buyback run rate from the recent annual pace in the coming quarters. Exxon has a higher probability of retaining that rate.
Send me a check.
And what do they like, Julie? They go to hold on a couple of them. What do they like? They like EOG resources. They go to sector outperform, so equivalent of buy. Fortress balance sheet.
You always like to hear that.
You do. You really do.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Value Dividend Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ:KHC) stands against other best value dividend stocks. Dividends, though sometimes underappreciated, have significantly contributed to long-term investor gains. Between 1960 and the […]
Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bank of America Corporation (BAC), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and Stryker Corporation (SYK), as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. (VALU) and Sypris Solutions, Inc. (SYPR).
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
Oil prices have tumbled this year.  Lower crude prices will impact oil company cash flows.  Three oil companies that can still thrive in the current environment are Devon Energy (NYSE: DVN), ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP), and Chevron (NYSE: CVX).
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new […]
The divestment is linked to regulatory commitments following IP's purchase of DS Smith.
In the most recent trading session, Occidental Petroleum (OXY) closed at $37.90, indicating a +0.61% shift from the previous trading day.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.