Title: Why Wall Street's biggest bear isn't budging on his calls after Trump tariff pause
Date: 2025-04-11 12:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-wall-streets-biggest-bear-isnt-budging-on-his-calls-after-trump-tariff-pause-124002190.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. It's going to take more than a reciprocal tariff pause to keep Wall Street's biggest bear from roaming the markets and heading into hibernation. "Based on my calculations, the tariff rate is still quite high — at least as high as anything we have seen since the 1930s," BCA Research chief strategist Peter Berezin told Yahoo Finance. "There is no guarantee these so-called reciprocal tariffs are going to come down. The fact of the matter is that most countries don't have very large trade barriers with the US." Berezin added, "The uncertainty is a problem — I think we are still headed into a recession, unfortunately." Berezin told Yahoo Finance recently he sees a 75% chance of a US recession this year and the S&P 500 dropping 15% to 4,450. He hasn't ruled out the US already being in a mild recession. Listen: Why Jamie Dimon may be wrong on a recession Berezin gained attention for being the lone bear on Wall Street coming into 2025. Further, he correctly called in 2022 that there would be no US recession — despite most on the Street bracing for one. He has been an economist for more than 30 years, with stints at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Goldman Sachs, and now BCA Research. The bearish calls on markets and the economy come amid another turbulent week for stocks as some traders aimed to price in a recession while others took a more optimistic viewpoint. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) on Thursday tanked 1,014.79 points or 2.5%. The S&P 500 (^GSPC) and Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) sold off to the tune of 3.46% and 4.31%, respectively. Investor favorites Nvidia (NVDA) and Tesla (TSLA) plunged 6% and 7.3%, respectively. Read more: How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Markets essentially dialed back their excitement after a historic day on Wednesday. The S&P 500 exploded 9.5% on Wednesday as President Trump announced a 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs for most countries. He cranked up the pressure on China, however, taking tariffs up to 145%. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite surged 12% for its second-best day on record. The Dow Jones Industrial Average shot up 7.8%, or about 3,000 points. The about-face on tariffs caused Goldman Sachs economists to reverse their baseline recession call ... made earlier that day. Stocks were solidly in the red on Friday. Despite the elevated market volatility, some Wall Street strategists are aiming to search the rubble for buying opportunities. Most calls reviewed by Yahoo Finance focus on defensive stock tilts rather than buying recent dips on former highfliers in Apple (AAPL), Nvidia, and Tesla. "This week's stunning reversals demonstrate how quickly things can change on both the policy/macro front and for equities. Given singular updates can determine risk-on vs. risk-off, we believe a balanced approach is warranted," the Jefferies equity research team wrote in a note today. "The current macro backdrop calls for a different tack than the classic cyclicals vs. defensives or straightforward factor-based approaches," the team explained. "With tariffs yet to be decided, significant estimate revisions may still be on the come, calling current multiples into question. Equally, given recent degrossing and better-than-feared macro data points, negotiation updates or policy u-turns can change sentiment quickly." "As a result, we think investors are well-advised to allocate toward both companies with less direct exposure to tariffs & downward spiraling growth, as well as beaten-down shares resembling coiled springs." Top ideas include Coca-Cola (KO), McDonald's (MCD), Ralph Lauren (RL), Exxon (XOM), Netflix (NFLX), and Uber (UBER). Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com. Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.