Title: FTC takes step toward reversing Chevron, Exxon board restrictions
Date: 2025-04-11 18:38
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/ftc-seeks-public-ex-pioneer-183820519.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The U.S. Federal Trade Commission took a step toward potentially reversing bans on certain oil executives joining the boards of Chevron and Exxon Mobil that the Biden administration made a condition that allowed them to acquire two other oil producers. Exxon, which acquired Pioneer Natural Resources last year, had agreed to bar former Pioneer CEO Scott Sheffield from its board. Chevron, which agreed to buy Hess in 2023, consented to a similar order keeping that company's CEO, John Hess, off its board. The FTC said on Friday that it was seeking public comment on petitions filed by Sheffield, Chevron and Hess Corp seeking to reverse the bans. “Mr. Hess is a highly respected industry leader, and our board would benefit from his global experience, relationships and expertise," a Chevron spokesperson said in a statement. Both deals got the greenlight from the FTC, then led by Chair Lina Khan, on the condition that Hess and Sheffield be barred from the respective boards over concerns they would coordinate with members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries. Both John Hess and Sheffield denied the allegations. A spokesperson for Hess Corp said the concerns raised by the FTC were "entirely without merit." FTC Chairman Andrew Ferguson, then a commissioner, and fellow Republican Commissioner Melissa Holyoak voted against the agreements, saying they overstepped the agency's authority. Exxon, the No. 1 U.S. oil company, bought Pioneer in a deal worth $59.5 billion last year. Chevron's acquisition of Hess for $53 billion is pending ongoing arbitration proceedings related to potential preemptive rights over Hess's stake in the oil-rich Stabroek block in Guyana. (Reporting by Doina Chiacu and Ismail Shakil in Washington, Jody Godoy in New York and Sheila Dang in Houston; Editing by Mark Porter and Marguerita Choy) WASHINGTON (AP) — After President Donald Trump reversed course on his tariffs and announced he would pursue trade negotiations, he had a simple explanation for how he would make decisions in the coming weeks. WASHINGTON (AP) — Rick Woldenberg thought he had come up with a sure-fire plan to protect his Chicago-area educational toy company from President Donald Trump’s massive new taxes on Chinese imports. LONDON (AP) — The U.K. government took effective control Saturday of Britain's last remaining factory that makes steel from scratch from its Chinese owners, after lawmakers approved an emergency rescue. BEIJING/WASHINGTON (Reuters) -China has put civilian government officials in Beijing on “wartime footing” and ordered a diplomatic charm offensive aimed at encouraging other countries to push back against U.S. President Donald Trump’s tariffs, according to four people familiar with the matter.  Communist Party propaganda officials have played a leading role in framing China’s response, one of the people said, with government spokespeople posting defiant clips on social media featuring former leader Mao Zedong saying “we will never yield.”  Departments covering the U.S. have also been beefed up, including with officials who worked on China’s response to Trump’s first term, they said. When the first two rounds of 10% tariffs hit, Zou Guoqing, a Chinese exporter, groaned but didn't find the barriers insurmountable. He gave up some of his profits and offered his client, a snow-bike factory in Nebraska, price cuts ranging from 5% to 10%. It seemed to work: The factory agreed to a new order of molds and parts. FLINT — Just north of downtown Flint, Mich., a two-story red brick building known as Factory One sits as just one reminder of the rich history here of the American automobile industry. SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — President Donald Trump's administration has been predicting its barrage of tariffs targeting China will push Apple into manufacturing the iPhone in the United States for the first time. TORONTO — Experts say the Greater Toronto Area condo market is unlikely to awaken from its lull any time soon even as other major Canadian cities see somewhat more promising demand. Teck Resources and Agnico-Eagle Mines offer quality materials stock exposure at a time when both companies are thriving. The post 2 Materials Stocks I’d Buy With $20,000 Whenever They Dip in Price appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada. TSMC, the main global producer of advanced chips used in artificial intelligence applications, is set to report a 54% leap in first-quarter profit on Thursday, though is also likely to flag risk from trade policies of U.S. President Donald Trump.  The world's largest contract chipmaker, whose customers include Apple and Nvidia, has benefited from a trend towards implementing AI features in online products.  Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co is set to report net profit of T$347.8 billion ($10.74 billion) for the three months through March 31, according to a LSEG SmartEstimate drawn from 17 analysts. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.