Title: New Filtrete Refillable Air Filter delivers cleaner air and less waste
Date: 2025-04-15 13:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/filtrete-refillable-air-filter-delivers-130500633.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 15, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Filtrete™ Brand, the number one trusted brand in residential HVAC air filters,1 is excited to announce the new Filtrete Refillable Air Filter Kit. This innovative kit addresses common consumer pain points by offering a reusable frame that lasts up to 20 years and a collapsible filter that lasts up to 12 months. The refills are more affordable than traditional filters, reduce storage space by 75 percent, and cut disposable waste by 20 percent2 – helping consumers achieve cleaner air with a reusable and budget conscious choice.
Filtrete Technology captures more small particles than standard MERV minimum requirements. The Microparticle Performance Rating (MPR) developed by 3M sets a higher standard for air quality. All Filtrete Air Filters are designed to maintain reliable airflow, helping HVAC systems run efficiently and reduce energy consumption, when changed regularly.
"Filtrete Brand has been dedicated to providing cleaner air for over 30 years," said Cindy Timmerman, vice president of Consumer Safety and Wellbeing at 3M. "Our new refillable air filters offer a solution that saves costs, space and reduces waste, while ensuring reliable airflow and cleaner air. A small change with a big impact."
The kit includes Filtrete™ MPR 1550 (MERV 12) Refillable Air Filters, which capture 42 percent more microparticles (0.3-1 microns) than the industry standard, effectively removing more allergens, bacteria and viruses for cleaner indoor air. These filters are also certified Asthma & Allergy Friendly® by the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America.
For added convenience, the new refillable air filters are compatible with the Filtrete Smart App, allowing consumers to store filter details, receive change reminders and find replacements easily.
Filtrete Refillable Air Filters are available in MPR 1550 (MERV 12) and MPR 1000 (MERV 11) at Amazon, Walmart and Lowes.
1 Based on the 2024 Sago Brand Health Study2 Filtrete Refillable Air Filter refills cost less based on MSRP, take up less space by volume and create less waste by weight than comparable traditional Filtrete™ Air Filters.
The Asthma & Allergy Friendly® Certification Mark is a Registered Certification Mark of the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America and Allergy Standards Ltd.
About Filtrete™ Brand For over 30 years, Filtrete™ Air Filters have delivered cleaner air to millions of homes, becoming a leader in residential air filtration. Developed by 3M engineers, these electrostatically charged filters act like tiny magnets, capturing microscopic particles while maintaining reliable airflow. Our team continues to innovate for better indoor air quality.
About 3M 3M (NYSE: MMM) believes science helps create a brighter world for everyone. By unlocking the power of people, ideas and science to reimagine what's possible, our global team uniquely addresses the opportunities and challenges of our customers, communities, and planet. Learn how we're working to improve lives and make what's next at 3M.com/news-center.
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-filtrete-refillable-air-filter-delivers-cleaner-air-and-less-waste-302428232.html
SOURCE 3M Company
Halliburton (HAL) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Caterpillar (CAT) on Tuesday named Joseph Creed as the company's next chief executive, succeeding D.
HAL and Nabors' collaboration in Oman delivers first automated drilling solutions, improving operational efficiency, penetration rates and reducing non-productive time.
Bank of America, Chevron, Stryker, Value Line and Sypris are included in this Analyst Blog.
Oceaneering International (OII) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bank of America Corporation (BAC), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and Stryker Corporation (SYK), as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. (VALU) and Sypris Solutions, Inc. (SYPR).
UPS has selected Delta Airlines to maintain engines for its fleet of Boeing 757 freighters. The post UPS hires Delta Air Lines to maintain Boeing 757 engines appeared first on FreightWaves.
General Mills is facing challenges like inflation, shifting consumer preferences and intensified competition.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.