Title: UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)_ A Bull Case Theory
Date: 2025-04-15 16:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unitedhealth-group-incorporated-unh-bull-160952983.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We came across abullish thesison UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on UNH. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)'s share was trading at $587.06 as of April 14th. UNH’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.85 and 19.72 respectively according to Yahoo Finance.
Valeri Potapova/Shutterstock.com
UnitedHealth Group stands as a powerful compounder in the healthcare space, benefiting from the defensive nature of health insurance—a category of spending that consumers prioritize even during economic downturns. In uncertain times, discretionary expenses like tech upgrades, dining out, and travel are often the first to go, but health insurance remains untouchable due to the catastrophic financial consequences of going uninsured. This dynamic gives health insurers, especially UnitedHealth, exceptional pricing power, allowing them to pass on rising costs without losing customers. UnitedHealth’s dominance is underpinned by its vertical integration, particularly through its health services arm, Optum, which continues to grow at a healthy clip above 10% annually. Despite recent concerns sparked by the tragic death of its insurance CEO and skepticism voiced by Bill Ackman regarding profitability, the company’s fundamentals remain unshaken. These events created temporary dislocations in the stock, which long-term believers used as buying opportunities. UnitedHealth’s revenue has compounded at 11% annually over the past five years, and despite modest net profit and return on equity margins at 5%, the consistency and resilience of its business model position it as a reliable performer in all market conditions. Its forward P/E of 20 reflects a fair valuation, especially considering the current environment. The stock has already gained 22% year-to-date, outperforming a declining S&P 500, and still presents a compelling opportunity for investors—particularly on any dip below the $550 level. For those seeking tariff-proof exposure with strong cost-passing capabilities and a resilient growth engine, UnitedHealth remains a top-tier choice. The combination of its indispensable service, stable financials, and strategic integration make it a long-term winner, regardless of market cycles.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) is on our list of the30 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. As per our database, 150 hedge fund portfolios held UNH at the end of the fourth quarter which was 112 in the previous quarter. While we acknowledge the risk and potential of UNH as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than UNH but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thecheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:8 Best Wide Moat Stocks to Buy Nowand30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock.
Disclosure: None. This article was originally published at Insider Monkey.
Brian Thompson’s murder has raised questions about the cost of U.S. healthcare, embroiling insurers, drugmakers and PBMs in a battle for the future of the industry.
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining […]
In this issue: renewables adoption at Australian mines; bolstering critical mineral mapping; improving efficiency of crushing and grinding, and more.
We came across a bullish thesis on Stryker Corporation (SYK) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on SYK. Stryker Corporation (SYK)’s share was trading at $353.42 as of April 14th. SYK’s trailing and forward P/E were 45.54 and 26.04 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Stryker (SYK) stands out as […]
The 2025 Q1 earnings season picks up considerably this week, with large-cap companies Progressive and UnitedHealth helping to headline the reporting docket. What can investors expect?
Founder-led team regains control of SME finance provider with support from US-based Arena Investors, signalling growth and product expansion plans.
In a strategic move to support the expansion, Amae Health has partnered with NewYork-Presbyterian.
We came across a bullish thesis on American Express Company (AXP) on Substack by Daan Rijnberk. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on AXP. American Express Company (AXP)’s share was trading at $255.38 as of April 14th. AXP’s trailing and forward P/E were 18.23 and 16.75 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. American Express (AmEx) […]
UNH's first-quarter earnings are likely to have benefited from growing premiums and service revenues.
We came across a bullish thesis on Uber Technologies, Inc. (UBER) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on UBER. Uber Technologies, Inc. (UBER)’s share was trading at $73.10 as of April 14th. UBER’s trailing and forward P/E were 16.03 and 27.40 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Uber represents a […]