Title: What To Expect in the Markets This Week
Date: 2025-04-13 10:00
URL: https://www.investopedia.com/what-to-expect-in-the-markets-this-week-11712960?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Coming Up: Retail sales, Housing Starts, Earnings From Goldman Sachs, TSMC, Netflix, UnitedHealth Group, and More
Bloomberg / Contributor / Getty Images
More big banks are set to report earnings this week, along with entertainment and health care giants, after some of the world's biggest banks reported earnings Friday and marketscapped off a volatile trading weekas investors reacted to the latest announcements on tariffs.
Goldman Sachs (GS), Bank of America (BAC), Citigroup (C), Netflix (NFLX), Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSM), United Airlines (UAL), and UnitedHealth Group (UNH) are among the companies scheduled to report this week.
The week is also set to bring updates onretail salesas economists watch for slower consumer spending, while housing starts and homebuilder confidence data could offer insights on the housing market.
Monday, April 14
Tuesday, April 15
Wednesday, April 16
Thursday, April 17
Friday, April 18
Retail sales data for March comes amid indications that consumer spending may be slowing aftersales declined in Januaryandrecovered slightly in February. After declining last month, the retail report’s data on restaurant and bar spending could offer insights into consumers’ appetite for spending amid worries of an economic slowdown spurred byPresident Donald Trump’s tariff policy.
Housing market data is also on tap this week. Thursday’s scheduled release of March housing starts will give investors an update on housing supply aslow levels of inventoryare exacerbating housing affordability issues. Earlier in the week, the homebuilder confidence survey will provide insight into construction expectations as buildersbrace for added costs from tariffs.
As several large financial firms report this week, investors will likely be watching what executives have to say about the impacts of President Trump's tariff policy and economic uncertainty. On Friday,JPMorgan Chase(JPM) CEO Jamie Dimonsaid he expectsmore companies to suspend their full-year outlooks and warned of "considerable turbulence."
Goldman Sachsis scheduled to report earnings on Monday after the bank reported profits and revenue thatshot past analyst estimatesin the prior quarter. Bank of America and Citibank are set to follow Tuesday, with M&T Bank, PNC Financial, American Express, and U.S. Bancorp also due to release results this week.
Netflix’s scheduled report on Thursday comes after the streaming giant reported strong revenue gains andraised its 2025 revenue forecastin the previous quarter. The report is expected to be the first where Netflix doesn’t provide subscriber numbers.
TSMC’s (TSM) expected earnings on Thursday come after the world's largest contract chip manufacturerposted a better-than-expected profitin its prior quarterly earnings report.
UnitedHealth Group is scheduled to report on Thursday, after the health insurer reported a7% year-over-year growth in revenuein the prior quarter that came in below analyst estimates.