Title: Key Large Cap Reports to Watch This Week
Date: 2025-04-15 15:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/key-large-cap-reports-watch-150000362.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Earnings season is always exciting for investors, with companies finally pulling the curtain back and unveiling what’s happened behind the scenes. Guidance is notably more critical this reporting cycle, given the recent tariff-induced spooks that we’ve become accustomed to.
Importantly, several notable large-cap stocks are reporting this week, a list that includes Progressive PGR and UnitedHealth UNH. As shown below, PGR and UNH shares have shown great relative strength in 2025.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Let’s take a closer look at what to expect from each.
UnitedHealth Group offers a full spectrum of health benefits, with its Optum segment using data and technology to improve care delivery and health outcomes.
UNH is currently a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), with the earnings estimate revisions trend for its upcoming release largely stable over recent months. Top line revisions have also primarily remained stable, with the company expected to see 5% EPS growth on 11% higher sales.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Shares presently trade at a 19.5X forward 12-month earnings multiple, in line with the five-year median and beneath a 26.6X five-year high. The current PEG ratio works out to 1.6X, above the 1.4X five-year median and off modestly from 1.9X five-year highs.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Progressive is one of the largest auto and property insurers in the U.S., known for its direct-to-consumer model and strong underwriting performance. The company offers various insurance products, including auto, home, renters, and commercial lines.
The stock is currently a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), with earnings expectations moving higher across the board. As shown below, the revisions trend for the upcoming print has been notably bullish, up 27% over the last 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Revenue revisions have remained stagnant, with PGR expected to see a big 27% year-over-year increase in EPS on nearly 20% higher sales. The company has been a star earnings performer overall, exceeding the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate by an average of 18% across its last four releases.
Shares presently trade at a 17.6X forward 12-month earnings multiple, which compares to a 19.3X five-year median and 31.9X five-year highs. The stock sports a Style Score of ‘C’ for Value.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Bottom Line
The 2025 Q1 earnings season picks up considerably this week, with large-cap companies Progressive PGR and UnitedHealth UNH partly headlining the reporting docket.
Guidance will be key from both companies, but it’s worth mentioning that both companies are largely insulated from tariff worries thanks to their domestic operations, reflecting a key differentiator in today’s political climate.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
The Progressive Corporation (PGR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Brian Thompson’s murder has raised questions about the cost of U.S. healthcare, embroiling insurers, drugmakers and PBMs in a battle for the future of the industry.
We came across a bullish thesis on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on UNH. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)’s share was trading at $587.06 as of April 14th. UNH’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.85 and 19.72 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. UnitedHealth Group stands […]
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation.
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
If you expect your income to grow significantly, consider graduated repayment.