Title: UnitedHealth to enter mediation with DOJ over Amedisys deal
Date: 2025-04-15 10:07
URL: https://www.healthcaredive.com/news/unitedhealth-amedisys-doj-mediation/745386/?.tsrc=rss

Let Healthcare Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
              This summer, UnitedHealth, Amedisys and antitrust regulators will have a magistrate judge’s help in hashing out a solution to the DOJ’s opposition to the merger. UnitedHealth’s health services division Optum first announced plans to buy Amedisys in summer 2023 after a bidding war over the Louisiana-based home health and hospice provider. Amedisys shareholders approved the deal later that year. However, the merger has been held up by antitrust regulators, who say UnitedHealth’s ownership of LHC Group, a rival to Amedisys that UnitedHealth acquired for $5.4 billion in 2023, is cause for concern. If the transaction goes through, Optum will control 30% or more of the home health or hospice markets in eight states, the DOJ said in its complaint. The deal will also add 500 care sites to Optum’s home health and hospice portfolio and extend its reach into five additional states, harming patients and providers by eliminating competition, according to the DOJ. UnitedHealth and Amedisys, which deny that their merger would have anticompetitive effects, have offered plans to divest businesses to ameliorate the DOJ’s concerns. Most recently, UnitedHealth and Amedisys offered to sell more than 120 home health and hospice facilities, according to a court filing in February. If the sales are approved, UnitedHealth would only operate 10% of home health and 4% of hospice services in the U.S. Still, the offers have not proved sufficient for the DOJ, which has grown increasingly concerned about the size and influence of UnitedHealth — a company that operates one of the largest insurers in the nation, a major pharmacy benefit manager and a healthcare technology company, while employing thousands of physicians. The DOJ is reportedly investigating the conglomerate for its potential anticompetitive effects, including the relationship between Optum and its insurer UnitedHealthcare. Meanwhile, the Federal Trade Commission is suing UnitedHealth’s PBM, Optum Rx, along with other PBMs for allegedly driving up the price of insulin. Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Kennedy's views on vaccines in particular are causing alarm among some physicians and investors. The Biden administration is attempting to push through a slew of reforms to the controversial MA program in its final months in power, though it will need the Trump administration’s buy-in to get them across the finish line. Subscribe to Healthcare Dive for top news, trends & analysis Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Kennedy's views on vaccines in particular are causing alarm among some physicians and investors. The Biden administration is attempting to push through a slew of reforms to the controversial MA program in its final months in power, though it will need the Trump administration’s buy-in to get them across the finish line. The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines