Title: Is Microsoft (MSFT) the Best Machine Learning Stock to Buy Now?
Date: 2025-04-15 21:55:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-msft-best-machine-learning-215541345.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of the10 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy Now.In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other machine-learning stocks. Grand View Research reported that the global machine-learning market was valued at $36.73 billion in 2022. It’s now expected to grow at a 34.8% CAGR from 2023 to 2030. Machine learning helps machines and systems learn from experience instead of through explicit programming. It uses algorithms to improve and analyze vast amounts of complex data to make informed decisions. Machine learning is quickly progressing as AI is rapidly expanding and transforming how businesses and individuals operate. These technological advancements are revolutionizing consumer experiences, and enabling convenient creation of digital services, products, and optimized supply chains. With this, startups can focus on specific solutions while larger companies can deliver comprehensive AI platforms. On April 10, Amazon CEO Andy Jassy joined CNBC’s ‘Squawk Box’ to discuss the cost of AI and what has to happen to bring it down. Jassy emphasized that the growth in data center demand is now so significant that there is no foreseen attenuation here, even with ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties under tariffs. While there’s a general belief that the emergence of DeepSeek could now reduce the need for extensive data centers, processing power, and energy consumption previously forecasted at different tech companies, Jassy thinks that DeepSeek’s introduction did not disrupt any of this. Despite cost reductions that occurred have already over time, AI deployment still requires significant investment. He thinks that the current AI operations are expensive due to chip costs and other factors, but big techs, including his own company, would welcome any reductions in AI costs for customers moving forward. Jassy underscored the demand for data centers despite tariff impacts and reflected optimism regarding lowering costs, which would potentially drive innovation and expanded use of AI across industries. AI is still limited and requires substantial human oversight as of now but it has massive potential across various sectors. We sifted through ETFs and financial media reports to compile a list of the top ML stocks. We then selected the 10 stocks that were the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 900 elite money managers. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A development team working together to create the next version of Windows. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 317 Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) develops and supports global software, services, devices and solutions. Its segments include Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing which sell products through OEMs, distributors, and resellers. The company integrates machine learning into its Azure cloud services and also uses it to enhance Windows and Office products. The company’s segment for offering server products and cloud services is referred to as Intelligent Cloud and is mostly driven by Azure. It achieved a revenue of $25.5 billion in FQ2 2024, which marked a 19% year-over-year improvement that came from rapidly expanding AI services. AI services revenue alone rose by 157% in this quarter. The company has more than doubled its data center capacity in the past 3 years. Last year saw the highest expansions and helped support the company’s current cloud workloads along with next-gen AI applications. Jefferies analyst Brent Thill lowered the company’s price target to $500 from $550 while maintaining a buy rating. This adjustment was a result of the overall software sector sentiment. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) has a strong AI strategy and is integrating AI into Azure and the Microsoft 365 Commercial Cloud. This will give Azure a competitive advantage and drive higher adoption of M365. Generation Global Equity Strategy expressed long-term confidence in the company and stated the following regarding Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) in its Q4 2024investor letter, due to its AI leadership potential: “Microsoft Corporation(NASDAQ:MSFT), the world’s largest software company, has been in the portfolio for over a decade. We like the firm because its products align closely with society’s evolving needs. As the world digitises, demand for Microsoft’s tools will continue to grow. The company enjoys a wide economic moat – built on its unique market position, deep customer understanding and extensive global footprint. Overall, MSFTranks 2ndon our list of the best machine learning stocks to buy now. While we acknowledge the growth potential of MSFT, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. United Airlines reported it swung to a profit in the first quarter as revenue hit a record high, sending shares surging in extended trading Tuesday. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. The S&P 500 gained 0.8% on Monday, April 14, 2025, after smartphones and other electronics were exempted from President Donald Trump's "reciprocal" tariffs. Bitcoin has shown unusual strength against a backdrop of economic instability, with its price climbing nearly 7% over the past week to reach around $84,000 and even briefly touching $86,000. This is what could happen next to Amazon shares. It's tax season, and for many of you, a tax refund will hit your bank account in the coming weeks. In fact, the average tax refund is around $3,200 per household, according to the IRS. For You: 6... (Bloomberg) -- Elliott Investment Management has built a position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. worth more than $1.5 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingElliott plans to engage with the software and networking co The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.