Title: Trump Ally Marjorie Taylor Greene Bought Tesla, Amazon, Blackstone Before Rally
Date: 2025-04-15 18:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-ally-marjorie-taylor-greene-184112118.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene sold US Treasuries and bought stakes in Amazon.com Inc., Blackstone Inc. and Tesla Inc. the day before President Donald Trump put a 90-day pause on retaliatory tariffs and prompted a market rally.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing
Greene, the Georgia Republican who’s a close ally of Trump, revealed the transactions in a financial disclosure last week.
Greene’s trades were executed over two days, April 8 and 9. On the morning of the 9th, Trump posted on social media that it was a “great time to buy.” About four hours later, he announced he was suspending tariffs, propelling the S&P 500 index to a 9.5% gain, its biggest rally since 2008.
Greene’s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Greene, one of the first lawmakers to file a disclosure since Trump announced his tariffs, is an active trader in stocks, filing eight disclosures so far this year. She’s been particularly bullish on the semiconductor and tech industries. Her sale of Treasuries, though, was the first time she’s sold after buying more than $500,000 of the government-backed securities since the beginning of 2025.
Congressional Democrats have urged investigations into whether people connected to Trump profited from the timing of the tariff announcements.
In a letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said she did not know which officials may have had advance knowledge, but called it “unconscionable” that insiders may have profited from the market volatility.
The disclosure reports only require members to list values of transactions in broad ranges, and do not contain specific times of execution or cost basis, so it’s unclear precisely how many of Greene’s trades happened before Trump broke the news of the tariff pause.
But at least $11,011 to $165,000 in purchases came on April 8. As of 11:20 a.m. Tuesday in New York, shares of Blackstone, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Tesla traded higher than at any point on that day.
Over the two days, her stock purchases totaled $21,021 to $315,000. She sold $50,001 to $100,000 of US Treasuries on April 8.
Among the other names in Greene’s purchases were chipmakers Nvidia Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Qualcomm Inc., along with apparel companies Lululemon Athletica Inc. and Nike Inc.
(Updates with Greene’s trading history in fifth paragraph)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Global shares fell on Wednesday, with gold trading at record highs and the dollar languishing, as U.S. restrictions on chip sales to China and continued tariff uncertainty battered tech stocks.  Washington issued new export licensing requirements for sales of Nvidia's H20 and AMD's MI308 artificial intelligence chips to China.  Nvidia said the move would cost it $5.5 billion, and its shares slumped 5.5% in morning trading.
Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) started out in the 1990s selling books online.  Should you buy Amazon stock now and hold for the next 20 years?  Jeff Bezos, Amazon's billionaire founder, always wanted the company to prioritize the customer above anything else.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg gave thought to spinning off Instagram as US antitrust scrutiny intensified last decade, according to a memo surfaced Tuesday as Zuckerberg again took the stand to defend his company against claims that Meta illegally dominated social media.
Chinese customs official says trade has diversified away from US in recent years and plays up ‘vast domestic market’
Nike (NYSE: NKE) needs no introduction.  Nike's winning culture has been replaced by a losing track record due to ongoing challenges.  If you're taking a closer look at Nike stock, know that adding the company to your portfolio is only a brilliant move if you believe one thing.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent sat down exclusively with Yahoo Finance as  economic uncertainty from Trump administration's tariffs continues to weigh on investors.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […]
Ross Gerber of Gerber Kawasaki says he doesn't like the way Elon Musk "does things" but still owns Tesla, expecting that "something fixes itself at some point". He joins Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology" to discuss.
Mag-7 stocks are in the deep correction zone now, and valuation is down to the pre-ChatGPT level. Although the group has fallen from grace, core strengths remain intact.
“All services are starting to recover and resume,” Binance said on X.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.