Title: J&J expects a $400M hit from tariffs, mostly from China
Date: 2025-04-15 19:49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/j-j-expects-400m-hit-194926931.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongWhy your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budgingStock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exportsThe Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffsTreasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatilityStocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a dayThe chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habitStocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focusBofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haulThe trade war uncovers new economies of scaleTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedUnlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) beat first quarter earnings expectations, but concerns over a $400 million tariff impact, mainly from China, are keeping shares flat. Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Anjalee Khemlani joins Market Domination to show how the company's medical device business is feeling the pressure.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.Johnson & Johnson tops first quarter earnings estimates, but the pharma company expecting a tariff impact on business. And Yahoo Finance's Anjalee Khemlani joins us now with the very latest, Anj.That's right, Josh. And we know that of course, tariffs are top of mind for the entire pharma sector as, we know, we heard the announcement from the administration yesterday about the specific pharmaceutical tariffs. Uh, Johnson & Johnson sort of bridges two gaps. It's it also sells medical devices and that includes to China. So that is where a lot of the impact comes from for the business. Just taking a quick look at the earnings, they did beat on both the revenue as well as earnings per share, but that doesn't seem to really have helped their stock. It's been trading largely flat, but, you know, slightly negative all day long. And that's because Wall Street is still waiting to hear about the final impacts. We took a look at what they said during the earnings call and they said they were expecting about $400 million in terms of impact and that's largely coming from those medical devices. I had a chance to catch up with CFO Joe Wolk earlier today and here's what he had to say specifically about where that $400 million is coming from. Take a listen.The tariffs that we've included in that 400 million relate to products that are not exempt under USMCA, some of the aluminum and steel tariffs that currently exist and apply to our MedTech products, and then the China tariffs, both, uh, uh, from China as well as the retaliatory, uh, tariffs that China had levied upon us. That last piece makes up probably about 70% of the total $400 million. So those are products of origin here in the US being shipped to China, and that's the impact that we we actually have. So we'll have to see with respect to pharmaceutical tariffs.So they're still waiting like the rest of the industry for the rest of the, you know, the other shoe to drop, essentially. And that's where things stand right now for, uh, for the medical devices. Uh, we've seen analyst notes all day talking about how they have less protection, uh, from China in particular, but also the Mexico, Canada, as you as they mentioned, or as he mentioned earlier, about the steel and aluminum there. Uh, looking at what's ahead and how to sort of, you know, wait for everything else to fall out for the year, I asked him how he's thinking about this, in particular how to, you know, run the company knowing that the the situation is still kind of fluid. And here's what Joe had to say.My only role, I guess, as CFO at this point would be to look at the profitability of business. If these tariffs continue to escalate, then you just have to make decisions like we would in any other part of our business. And we're currently doing within our orthopedics and surgery portfolio, rationalizing skews that are on the less profitable and perhaps even unprofitable side, in either certain markets or certain product portfolios. And that would be no different.So, as you can see, just looking at, uh, you know, rationalizing the business, and this is already impacting the company, the first of the major pharmaceuticals to report in this quarter. So we'll just have to wait and see how the rest stack up by comparison.All right, thank you, Anj. Appreciate it.J&J is projecting a $400m hit due to US tariffs in 2025, but reaffirmed its profit outlook while raising its sales forecast.Johnson & Johnson plans to seek a U.S. indication for multiple general surgery procedures, including gastric bypass, which was performed in the clinical trial.J&J beats first-quarter earnings and sales estimates. It raises sales guidance for 2025 to reflect the addition of Caplyta from the Intra-Cellular acquisition.Johnson & Johnson is holding its earnings outlook steady despite President Donald Trump signaling he could put tariffs on the pharmaceutical industry. The administration announced earlier it would conduct an investigation into drug imports. That move is widely seen as a first step toward imposing new levies. Earnings and revenue both beat estimates for the quarter. Johnson & Johnson CFO Joe Wolk joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how tariffs could hit the industry and the drug maker's bottom line.Per the latest discussion with the FDA, a confirmatory phase III study is required to seek approval for IRWD's apraglutide in short bowel syndrome with intestinal failure.J&J faces several headwinds at the start of the year, including patent expiry, talc litigation, and, now, tariffs.Why investors should use the Zacks Earnings ESP tool to help find stocks that are poised to top quarterly earnings estimates.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially […]Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
