Title: Big Banks Show Consumers Remained Resilient Heading Into Tariff Turmoil
Date: 2025-04-15 17:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/afc3e2e9-274d-3732-83d5-ec0b1075510f/big-banks-show-consumers.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Bank of America and Citigroup said consumer spending ticked higher in the first quarter, when concerns about the economy began to bubble up.
Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Alistair Borthwick said on a call with reporters Tuesday that the bank wasn't forecasting a recession.  Borthwick said clients are “looking for clarification” on the U.S. tax proposals, regulatory changes, and trade policy.  Views across Wall Street and in Washington diverge on whether the U.S. will slide into an economic recession.
Wall Street is raking in even more money from trading than it did during the market’s Covid-19 era swings.  Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley all said a surge in trading revenue helped lift their profits last quarter and beat expectations.
Bank of America, the second-largest bank in the U.S. by assets, reported profit of $7.4 billion in the first quarter, up 11% from a year ago.  In the first quarter of 2024, Bank of America posted net income of $6.7 billion, or 76 cents per share, on revenue of $25.8 billion.  Bank of America’s stock rose 1.6% in premarket trading on Tuesday.
The headline numbers for Bank of America (BAC) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Johnson & Johnson stock fell alongside the broader market, despite beating first-quarter calls and hiking its 2025 sales guidance.
China is going after Boeing, America’s biggest exporter, in its trade war with the U.S.  Beijing has told Chinese airlines not to place new orders for Boeing jets and is requiring carriers to seek approval before taking delivery of aircraft they have already ordered, according to people with knowledge of the Chinese regulator’s guidance.  Bloomberg reported earlier that China is halting Boeing jet deliveries.
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), on Tuesday, reported a first-quarter 2025 adjusted EPS of $2.77, up 2.2% year over year, beating the consensus of $2.60. The pharmaceutical giant reported sales of $21.89 billion, up 2.4% year over year and beating the consensus of $21.58 billion. Operational growth was 4.2%, and adjusted operational growth was 3.3%. Innovative Medicine sales increased 2.3% or 4.2 operationally to $13.90 billion. Also Read: Johnson & Johnson, Protagonist Tout Positive Results For Ps
Retailers are tempering their annual expectations due to the overarching effects of U.S. President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs, which have sparked recession fears and weakened consumer sentiment.  Although Albertsons has limited exposure to imports from countries such as China, Canada and Mexico, weak spending could weigh on its sales.  "Inflationary pressures have elevated our customers' needs for value," incoming Chief Executive Officer Susan Morris said in a post-earnings call, adding that consumers purchasing through the national food aid program were feeling more pressure.
Goldman Sachs JPMorgan Chase  and  Morgan Stanley  all said a surge in trading revenue helped lift their profits in the first quarter and beat expectations.  Bank trading desks have been collecting more fees from investors scrambling to reduce or dial up the risk in their portfolios on any new clue about how  President Trump’s  tariffs might ultimately play out.  Combined, the three banks earned more than $12 billion in fees in their equities businesses, the desks that run stock-market related activities for clients.