Title: Stocks Get Whipsawed on Lingering Trade-War Risks_ Markets Wrap
Date: 2025-04-15 18:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-rise-led-japan-auto-040211765.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Stocks whipsawed as President Donald Trump’s fast-evolving tariff war with top trade partners showed little signs of abating, leaving investors unwilling to take on too much risk after a two-day rally.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing
That’s even as results from big banks underscored an equity-trading boon and still-healthy consumers and businesses. After climbing almost 1%, the S&P 500 fluctuated between gains and losses. Bonds rose as Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent downplayed the recent selloff, dismissing speculation foreign nations were dumping their holdings. The dollar halted a five-day slide.
Subscribe to the Stock Movers Podcast on Apple, Spotify and other Podcast Platforms.
Trump called on China to reach out to him to kick off negotiations, indicating there is no end in sight to fight that has seen both sides raise trade barriers to staggering levels. The Asian nation ordered airlines not to take further deliveries of Boeing Co. jets, according to people familiar with the matter. Meantime, the European Union and US made scant progress bridging trade differences.
“We would advise investors to avoid making hard and fast assumptions about how tariff developments will ultimately play out in the economy and on corporate profits,” said Anthony Saglimbene at Ameriprise. “Instead, we suggest investors prepare for a range of possible intermediate-term outcomes that include slow-to-positive economic and profit growth and scenarios of slow-to-negative growth.”
High uncertainty surrounding US trade policy and a spike in financial-market volatility has unsettled global investors over the past few weeks. Sentiment regarding economic prospects is the most negative in three decades, yet fund managers’ pessimism isn’t fully reflected in their asset allocation which could mean more losses for US stocks, a Bank of America Corp. survey shows.
Fund managers are “max bearish on macro, not quite max bearish on the market,” strategists led by Michael Hartnett wrote in a note. “Peak fear” is not yet reflected in cash allocations, they added.
Some of the main moves in markets:
Stocks
The S&P 500 was little changed as of 2:47 p.m. New York time
The Nasdaq 100 rose 0.2%
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.1%
The MSCI World Index rose 0.2%
Bloomberg Magnificent 7 Total Return Index fell 0.6%
The Russell 2000 Index was little changed
KBW Bank Index rose 1.8%
Currencies
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose 0.4%
The euro fell 0.7% to $1.1270
The British pound rose 0.2% to $1.3213
The Japanese yen was little changed at 143.19 per dollar
Cryptocurrencies
Bitcoin fell 0.5% to $84,460.79
Ether fell 1.2% to $1,614.74
Bonds
The yield on 10-year Treasuries declined six basis points to 4.32%
Germany’s 10-year yield advanced two basis points to 2.53%
Britain’s 10-year yield declined one basis point to 4.65%
Commodities
West Texas Intermediate crude fell 0.2% to $61.42 a barrel
Spot gold rose 0.5% to $3,227.72 an ounce
--With assistance from John Viljoen, Julien Ponthus and Anand Krishnamoorthy.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Money market account interest rates today are still well above historical norms. Find out where to get the best money market account rates now.
PARIS (Reuters) -Nearly three dozen global pharmaceutical companies, in a letter to the head of the European Commission, demanded help to maintain operations in the EU despite threatened U.S. tariffs on imports, including measures to compensate them for the cost of pharmaceutical innovations, French business newspaper Les Echos reported on Tuesday.  In the letter sent to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, the companies -- including Pfizer, Eli Lilly and AstraZeneca -- said they face cost disadvantages in Europe versus the United States, where drugs are sold at prices that on average are twice that of some European countries, such as France, Les Echos reported.
What do I need to file my tax return?  If you run out of time to file your tax return, you can file for an extension to take more time by using your preferred tax software, with the IRS Free File tool, or via mail.
U.S.-based KKR is in advanced discussions to make an offer for Datagroup and an announcement could be made as early as this week, the sources said, requesting anonymity because the matter is confidential.  Bloomberg News which first reported the deal said deliberations are ongoing and the deal could still be delayed or even fall apart.  Datagroup has a market value of about 340.2 million euros ($383.47 million), according to data from LSEG.
(Bloomberg) -- Morgan Stanley and Citigroup Inc. slashed their estimates for 2025 earnings as companies kick off their first-quarter reports, joining a wave of Wall Street banks warning that tariffs will curb profit growth. Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Sh
When Brazil hiked trade barriers in its auto market over a decade ago, the government promised more local manufacturing, reliable jobs and better cars.  As the U.S. auto industry confronts major tariffs imposed by President Donald Trump, executives and analysts are drawing parallels with Brazil, once the world's fourth-largest auto market and now a case study in the dangers of protectionism.  Philipp Schiemer, former head of Mercedes-Benz in Brazil and Latin America, learned some of those lessons the hard way as he opened a plant in Sao Paulo making luxury cars, which was shut down in 2020.
Global wine production and consumption fell in 2024 to their lowest in decades, as extreme weather and high prices weighed on the sector, the International Organisation of Vine and Wine, known as the OIV, said on Tuesday.  Adding to the challenges, wine producers around the world are under threat from tariffs for sales into the United States, the world's largest importer of wine by value.  Wine consumption fell 3.3% globally to an estimated 214 million hectolitres, the lowest since 1961, as inflation and reduced consumer spending power eroded demand.
Buy five Internet Software stocks for attractive near-term gains. These are: AFRM, FIVN, U, OLO, STNE.
One of the biggest two-day sell-offs in stock market history saw investors pile into the stock market earlier this month.
The latest government waste touted by billionaire Elon Musk's cost-cutting Department of Government Efficiency is hundreds of millions of dollars in fraudulent unemployment claims it purportedly uncovered.  One problem: Federal investigators already found what appears to be the same fraud, years earlier and on a far greater scale.  In a post last week on X, the social media site Musk owns, DOGE announced “an initial survey of unemployment insurance claims since 2020” found 24,500 people over the age of 115 had claimed $59 million in benefits; 28,000 people between the ages of 1 and 5 collected $254 million; and 9,700 people with birthdates more than 15 years in the future garnered $69 million from the government.