Title: The trade war uncovers new economies of scale_ Morning Brief
Date: 2025-04-15 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-trade-war-uncovers-new-economies-of-scale-morning-brief-100042287.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you can sign up to receive in your inbox every morning along with: The chart of the day What we're watching What we're reading Economic data releases and earnings It pays to be big. That's one early takeaway from the tariff drama. Investors momentarily poured back into Big Tech after the administration initiated a temporary levy exemption that covers consumer electronics, networking equipment, GPUs, and servers. It's essentially another way of saying that Big Tech will probably be OK, as investors also look to the sector as a defensive play. Meanwhile, other sectors and companies still stare down a massive tariff upheaval. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's Terms and Privacy Policy It's a feature of American politics to want to avoid the appearance of picking winners and losers in the market. That phrase is often used as a rhetorical cudgel to attack opponents as bad for the economy. But one person's favoritism is another's industrial policy. If the market is consumed by the repercussions of tariffs, exemptions to those taxes can mean everything. The potential special carve-outs for tech, however, initially sparked a rally on Monday, fizzled, then rebounded. Part of this confused response from investors was the White House seemingly sending mixed signals. After the exclusions from reciprocal tariffs were first unveiled, the president said in a social media post "there was no Tariff 'exception' announced." He later told reporters that his goal was encouraging production to move to the US but added that the administration has to show flexibility. The tech titans hoping to receive assistance from the White House are showing flexibility too, or rather a willingness to support the president's agenda of bolstering domestic manufacturing and investment. Nvidia (NVDA) on Monday said it will produce up to $500 billion of AI infrastructure in the US within the next four years. That announcement follows other Big Tech commitments from Apple (AAPL), Microsoft (MSFT), and Meta (META) to spend in the US. Recent trading sessions with wild upward swings have made one thing clear: Pronouncements on tariffs are the only meaningful catalyst for stocks in this uncertain moment. That goes for Big Tech too, whose trillion-dollar tickers are buoyed by global supply chains and customer bases all around the world. It's true that their size and market heft might allow these companies to weather whatever tariff costs come. But people are intimately familiar with how much, say, a phone costs, making a sudden upcharge on a finished product an unsavory consumer experience. It is, perhaps, the modern price of bread. Overall, the dizzying tariff news, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives said in a note to clients, is "a step forward net positive for Apple as well as other tech names." It creates the space for some sort of negotiation with China, he said, and can lead to a deescalation of the trade war issues that have left Big Tech caught in the middle. Their importance for American tech supremacy means, in a way, they are too important to fail, and the value they bring to the stock market makes the rest of the S&P seem like lesser moons in a solar system that revolves around them. But in this chaotic environment, the most important distinction of all isn't size alone; it's a tariff carve-out. Hamza Shaban is a reporter for Yahoo Finance covering markets and the economy. Follow Hamza on X @hshaban. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Aristotle Capital Management, LLC, an investment management company, released its “Value Equity Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The U.S. equity market started the year with a modest decline, with the S&P 500 Index declining 4.27% during the quarter. Conversely, the Bloomberg U.S. Aggregate Bond Index rose 2.78% […] (Bloomberg) -- Investor sentiment regarding economic prospects is the most negative in three decades, yet fund managers’ pessimism isn’t fully reflected in their asset allocation which could mean more losses for US stocks, a Bank of America Corp. survey shows.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage$15 Million F News of the day for April 15, 2025 A slew of corporate earnings are expected in the week ahead as tariff headlines have been whipsawing markets. Trump wants low interest rates, but his own tariffs are pushing them higher. Investors now fear some unorthodox scheme to force rates down that could end up even worse than tariffs. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Monday took the stand during the first day of a trial he hoped to avoid as the tech giant faces off against President Trump's antitrust cops in a case that threatens the $1.3 trillion empire Zuckerberg built. Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming. (Bloomberg) -- Stocks whipsawed as President Donald Trump’s fast-evolving tariff war with top trade partners showed little signs of abating, leaving investors unwilling to take on too much risk after a two-day rally.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingThat’s even as results from Wall Street’s finan The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
