Title: Jim Cramer’s Take On Goldman Sachs (GS)_ Is the Market Overreacting to a Deal-Making Slowdown_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 12-39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-goldman-sachs-gs-123946808.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Tariff Pain Isn’t Over Yet And Reviews These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer dissected the market’s recent rally and reminded his viewers to not mistake short-term optimism for resolution. As major indices bounced earlier in the day, Cramer warned that some deeper structural uncertainties remain unresolved, saying:
“Well, I think that those who are running companies are saying, what the heck is going on here? We’re trying to run our companies. Suddenly, we find that a country that we’ve dealt with for a long time, we have to just say, wait a second, we’re going to put a surcharge on. We’re going to pass through. So the issue is, who can pass through and who isn’t? Who has pricing power? It’s often like that. Who has scale? Who has pricing power? Who can tell the Chinese, listen, we’re going to go away, of which then you have out-of-stock parts. And who says, OK, we’ll split the tariff.
READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Got These 10 Stocks All Wrong and Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks.
Cramer acknowledged the bullish hopes circulating among traders and policymakers that quick deals with allies like Japan, Mexico, and Canada could offset the trade war’s damage. But he was clear that these deals, while politically useful, won’t erase the inflationary burden already being felt by companies and consumers:
“[Talking about expectations about the White House reaching deals with other countries] There’s going to be a deal. They’re very excited about Japan and the administration. Exactly. They’re very excited. By the way, they like Korea. […] Yeah, I think that Mexico, they are very much expecting it’s going to be a better deal. Canada, and they’re going to be able to trumpet a few days from now. Look what we’ve done by being really tough. And you know what? The Chinese are going to fold. They believe that the Chinese will fold.”
At the heart of Cramer’s analysis was a question he believes investors need to ask themselves:
“So, then the question becomes at a certain point, do you believe in everything else about President Trump that you’re willing to overlook the inflationary aspects? Do you believe the social aspects, are they so important to you? Do you believe the commitment he’s made to try to cut the budget deficit? Do you believe President Trump just decided, I’m not going to focus on the inflation? Because that’s really been unusual to not focus on inflation.”
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 8th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 31
The segment noted that The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is currently trading at depressed levels as deal-making activity has stalled due to macro uncertainty. With the IPO and M&A markets frozen, there was speculation on whether the stock had priced in too much negativity. Here are Cramer’s thoughts on the stock:
“Let’s take a stock like Goldman Sachs, OK? Goldman Sachs now reflects no IPO. No IPO market. No M&A. So what do you pay for Goldman? Do you pay […] I mean, the stocks aren’t very big today. Do you pay 10 times? Do you pay 11 times? I don’t know. Well, what happens if David Solomon… And I don’t know this. What happens if David Solomon comes out and says, you know what, we caught this one?”
Overall, GS ranks 7th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of GS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Goldman (GS) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
There are just two safe havens for advisors to consider for clients who want to take advantage of Wednesday’s bounce and derisk their portfolios.  Well, it’s good news, bad news: There are places you can put your money, but the number of safe havens is two.  John Canally, of TIAA Wealth Management, explains why gold has been going higher—and why it could eventually fall.
Barry Callebaut is planning to increase its U.S.-based production to fend off effects of the "disruptive environment" in North America and stay close to its customers, the Swiss chocolate maker's chief executive said on Thursday.  "We have one ... facility that we will scale out to about 100,000 tons in the United States that will allow us to actually serve customers better also in the U.S.," CEO Peter Feld said during a post-earnings call with analysts.  Companies with operations in the United States are grappling with on-again, off-again tariff announcements from President Donald Trump, who in a stunning reversal on Wednesday paused most of his hefty duties but left a 10% blanket tariff on almost all U.S. imports.
Style Box ETF report for GSLC
Cedar Grove Capital Management, an investment management company, released its first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The strategy returned 0.38% in the first quarter compared to -4.27% for the S&P 500 and -9.51% for the Russell 2000. In addition, please check the fund’s top five holdings to know […]
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
