Title: Traders Hunt for Elusive Market Bottom as Tariffs Crush Stocks
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 10-48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/traders-seek-elusive-market-bottom-093000969.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- Traders are looking for a US stock-market bottom after the biggest four-day rout in five years, but key technical indicators suggest more pain is ahead.
Stocks are the most oversold since the depths of the pandemic, conditions that briefly lifted the S&P 500 Index by as much as 4% higher Tuesday. But the US equity benchmark erased its gains to end the session 1.6% lower at about 4,983 — teetering on the brink of a bear market — amid mounting trade tensions between the US and China. The volatility has traders scouring their charts for more guidance.
There are two crucial near-term technical levels to watch. First, there is 4,910 — the roughly 20% threshold below the S&P 500’s February peak, which provided key support late Tuesday. The gauge quickly reversed and trimmed about half of its drop in the final seven minutes of trading after touching that level.
Then there is Monday’s intraday low of 4,835, a crucial psychological threshold that — if broken — will lead to further selling, according to Mark Newton, head of technical strategy at Fundstrat Global Advisors.
“It’s hard to trust any rally,” Newton said. “Stocks are getting close to bottoming after being massively oversold, but we still haven’t seen the final low, and there’s still room to fall even further. No one knows what’s happening with tariffs.”
There are signs of support for the S&P 500 around 5,000. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partner John Flood said this is a level where long-term investors are starting to buy the dip. “From my conversations with longer-duration investors, it feels like they will start scale buying the S&P 500 at 5,000 and get more aggressive in the mid-4,000s,” Flood wrote in a note to clients.
Technical traders are eyeing the next level of resistance around 5,119.26, the S&P 500’s Aug. 5 low when the unwinding of the yen carry trade rattled markets. After that, Dan Wantrobski technical strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott, is watching a range between 5,300 and 5,500, which would be a roughly 50% retracement of this year’s entire correction. If the S&P 500 breaches this year’s intraday low, the benchmark could fall as low as 4,650 — near the highs in July 2023, he said.
The massive daily swings continue to grip markets. On Tuesday, Wall Street’s so-called fear gauge the Cboe Volatility Index, or VIX, finished above 50, more than 140% above its 50-day moving average. It soared as high as 60 on Monday.
Of course, contrarian investors who snap up stocks when anxiety runs high consider an elevated VIX to bode well for stocks — especially when the VIX spikes upward as quickly as it did this week. But the problem is the VIX futures curve, which gives a glimpse into the short-term direction of the market, is signaling that volatility may persist for months.
“This is a dangerous market full of head-fakes,” Wayne Kaufman, chief market analyst at Phoenix Financial Services, said. “Until we get some kind of positive development on tariffs, we’ll be at the mercy of Trump and the news cycle.”
Options trading has also not shown the kind of panic that usually is accompanied by an ultimate bottom.
Take the Cboe equity put-call ratio, which measures investors’ appetite to hedge against losses in stocks. The gauge dipped to 0.63 Monday after briefly topping 1 late last week. That’s a sign of complacency since it remains below prior spikes that were seen most recently during the inflation-fueled market selloff in 2022 and the pandemic outbreak in 2020.
Historically, sharp selloffs pop up in clusters ahead of a final market “washout,” which occurs when the investing herd hits the point where they just throw in the towel, pushing stock prices so low that they have nowhere to go but up.
That usually leads to a string of days where 90% of the stocks in the S&P 500 are down. So far this year, Friday was the only day that happened and traders are watching for more to confirm that investors are dumping stocks in droves.
“We’re due for a big oversold rally soon, but that will be short-lived,” Janney’s Wantrobski said.
(Uodates with comments from Goldman’s Flood)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.President Donald Trump said his long-promised tariffs on pharmaceutical drugs will be coming soon, the latest signal that he plans to press ahead with more sectoral tariffs despite market fallout from his global levies.“We are going to be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals,” Trump said Tuesday at a fundraising gala for House Republicans, without providing details on the planned levy.“O
The closely watched Cboe Volatility Index, or VIX, fell about 8% to 47.93 early Tuesday. While declining, the elevated level indicates investors are still very much on edge. Levels above 20 typically signal higher-than-usual volatility.
Global stocks are in turmoil and bond yields are spiking after President Donald Trump's "Liberation Day" tariffs went into effect, with Chinese imports facing a 104% levy.
Electric vehicle sales in the kingdom totalled just 2,000 last year, according to Telemetry analyst Sam Abuelsamid, fewer than Tesla sold between breakfast and dinner on an average day.  But Saudi Arabia has huge plans for EVs that Tesla has not been able to tap, partly because of a feud between its billionaire CEO Elon Musk and the kingdom's powerful Public Investment Fund sovereign wealth fund that dates back to 2018.
News of the day for April 9, 2025
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.President Donald Trump’s so-called reciprocal tariffs are now in place, dealing a thunderous blow to the world economy as he pushes forward efforts to drastically reorder global trade.Trump’s latest tariffs push levies imposed on China this year to as high as 104%, along with import taxes on roughly 60 trading partners that run trade surpluses with the US. That comes after a 10% baseline tariff for most US t
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
