Title: Goldman cuts US auto sales estimate by nearly 1 million units due to tariffs
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 14-26
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-cuts-us-auto-sales-142623909.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
(Reuters) - Goldman Sachs on Thursday cut its estimate for automobile sales in the U.S. for this year by nearly 1 million units, as President Donald Trump's tariffs make it more expensive to buy a vehicle.
While Trump on Wednesday halted reciprocal tariffs on countries, barring China, for 90 days, the announcement did not appear to affect duties on autos, steel and aluminum, leading to concerns around increased costs for the sector.
"We believe the tariffs as proposed will raise the cost of both importing and manufacturing vehicles in the U.S. by at least a low to mid single digit thousand dollar level on average," said Goldman Sachs analysts led by Mark Delaney.
However, it will be hard for the auto industry to completely pass on this additional cost to customers, especially with softening demand, the brokerage added.
The Wall Street giant estimates net prices of new vehicles in the U.S. will rise by roughly $2,000 to $4,000 over the next 6-12 months as automakers account for tariff-related costs.
Goldman Sachs now expects U.S. auto sales of 15.40 million units in 2025, compared with its previous estimates of 16.25 million units. It lowered estimates for 2026 sales by 1.1 million to 15.25 million units.
The investment bank also lowered its estimate for global auto production this year to 88.7 million units from 90.4 million units earlier. Global production estimates for 2026 were cut to 90.7 million units from 92.6 million.
Among stocks, the brokerage cut its rating on Ford's shares to 'neutral' from 'buy', citing intense competition internationally, weak consumer demand and higher costs from tariffs.
The automaker last week announced discounts across multiple models, as it leans on its healthy inventory which exceeds industry average, boosting sales before price hikes.
Shares of Ford fell nearly 5% in morning trading, while GM declined 5.2%. Stellantis slumped 11.8% in the U.S.
(Reporting by Abhinav Parmar in Bengaluru; Editing by Leroy Leo)
BERLIN (Reuters) -German automaker BMW is considering adding shifts to its Spartanburg plant in South Carolina to boost output by up to 80,000 units, executives said on an analyst call on Thursday, as carmakers brainstorm ways to appease the Trump administration and ward off a mounting trade war.  The premium carmaker had around 30 days' worth of inventory in the United States as well as some stocks and components, and would keep prices stable on most U.S. models until the end of May, executives told analysts, according to a note on the call by Bernstein Research and confirmed by BMW.  The carmaker's Spartanburg plant, which exports around half of the vehicles it makes to customers outside the United States, is located in a free-trade zone.
Microsoft said it is “slowing or pausing” some of its data center construction, including a $1 billion project in Ohio, the latest sign that the demand for artificial intelligence technology that drove a massive infrastructure expansion might not need quite as many powerful computers as expected.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump delivered another jarring reversal in American trade policy Wednesday, suspending for 90 days import taxes he’d imposed barely 13 hours earlier on dozens of countries while escalating his trade war with China. The moves triggered a powerful stock market rally on Wall Street but left businesses, investors and America’s trading partners bewildered about what the president is attempting to achieve.
ROME (AP) — The Prada Group announced a deal Thursday to buy crosstown Milan fashion rival Versace from the U.S. luxury group Capri Holdings under terms that values one of the most recognizable names in Italian fashion at 1.25 billion euros ($1.4 billion).
NEW YORK (AP) — Give Marjorie Taylor Greene credit where it’s due: As stocks tanked on tariff fears, she showed her faith in the president not just with words but dollar bills.
This energy stock may be down, but do not count it out if you're looking for long-term income. The post 1 Magnificent Canadian Stock Down 40% to Buy and Hold Forever appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
Investing a total of $14,000 across these three stocks could earn you more than $1,039 in tax-free income each year. The post Transform Your TFSA Into a Cash-Creating Machine With $14,000 appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
A Chinese billionaire in British Columbia has taken to social media to announce her plans to buy dozens of Hudson's Bay locations after she saw "Canadians feeling sad" over the collapse of the retail giant.
The commodity-linked Canadian dollar strengthened by the most in nearly three months against its U.S. counterpart on Wednesday as a sudden reversal by the U.S. on tariffs bolstered the outlook for the global economy.  The loonie was trading 1.2% higher at 1.4095 per U.S. dollar, or 70.95 U.S. cents, its biggest advance since January 20.  U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower new tariffs on many countries, even as he raised them further on imports from China.
Investing in quality undervalued stocks such as Martinrea and Cascades should help you generate outsized gains in 2025 and beyond. The post 3 Undervalued Canadian Stocks I’d Buy and Hold for Decades appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
