Title: US Stocks Tumble Again With Tariffs Set to Roil Global Economy
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 20-06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-stock-futures-soar-dip-122149874.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- Another volatile day on Wall Street pushed the S&P 500 Index back to the brink of a bear market as the Trump administration doubled down on its plans to enact hefty tariffs that threaten to send the American economy into a recession.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs
Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing
This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side
In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap
Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up
The S&P 500 fell 1.6% in a fourth straight session that has seen moves of at least 4% from peak to trough. The index powered higher by as much as 4% in early trading on optimism that President Donald Trump would negotiate lower rates on key allies.
Those hopes faded throughout the day White House officials confirmed a 104% levy on imports from China would start at midnight, while China dug in with threats to retaliate. Treasury yields rose after a three-year note auction went off poorly and measures of credit spreads tightened anew. China’s offshore currency tumbled.
All 11 S&P 500 sectors finished lower. The index ended down almost 19% from its February record, posting the worst four-day run since March 2020. The Nasdaq 100 declined 2.0%. On Semiconductor, Intel Corp. and Microchip Technology Inc. sank at least 8% to lead a rout in chipmakers. Apple Inc. and Tesla Inc. slid more than 4.5%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average increased 0.8% and the Russell 2000 Index dropped 2.7%. The Cboe Volatility Index spiked above 50, a level associated with extreme market stress.
“Traders were overenthusiastic about this morning’s rally, which then succumbed under the weight of negative news flow: 104% Chinese tariffs, a record low Yuan, and a sloppy 3-year auction,” wrote Steve Sosnick, chief strategist at Interactive Brokers.
US Trade Representative Jamieson Greer told a Congressional hearing on Tuesday that President Donald Trump made clear he won’t issue tariff exemptions in the near term. In addition to the 104% duty on China, Vietnam will be hit with a 46% levy and imports from Japan face a 24% tax.
“Right now we’re watching investors try to assign logic to a market that’s being driven more by vibes than valuation,” said Dave Mazza, chief executive officer at Roundhill Financial Inc. “The S&P briefly tumbled into bear territory, and everyone’s pretending there’s a playbook for this. There isn’t.”
Seema Shah, chief global strategist at Principal Asset Management, wrote that “market concerns are likely to persist as long as President Trump’s approach to negotiations with China remain unconstructive.”
To Nomura Securities’ Charlie McElligott, tariffs will drag growth lower in the weeks and potentially months ahead, regardless of occasional rallies driven by short covering and potential mechanical flows.
The stock market is particularly vulnerable to wild swings due to a combination of thin liquidity and headline-driven algorithmic trading. According to Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s trading desk, the gap between market volume and liquidity in S&P 500 futures is currently the widest in the bank’s data set.
“Liquidity is terrible so anyone with just a decent-sized order is going to move the market,” said Brent Kochuba, founder of SpotGamma.
From a technical analysis prospective, the S&P 500 broke below its support level of 5,000, plunging again into a deeply oversold territory. The index’s 14-day relative strength index sank to 20.7.
Another test for stocks starts this Friday as earnings season kicks off, starting with results from big US banks including JPMorgan and Wells Fargo & Co.
For the first quarter, analysts now see year-over-year earnings growth of 6.7% for the S&P 500, down from about 11.1% in early November when Trump was elected, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. For all of 2025, they see profits rising 9.4%, compared with a forecast of 12.5% at the beginning of the year.
Delta Air Lines Inc., CarMax Inc. and Constellation Brands Inc. also report earnings this week, and are expected to discuss the wide-ranging impact of tariffs on their customers and supply chains at earnings calls.
--With assistance from Jan-Patrick Barnert, Geoffrey Morgan and Michael Msika.
(Updates stock moves. A previous version of this story corrected the headline to show stocks pared gains.)
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Insiders Sold in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Power Integrations, Inc. (NASDAQ:POWI) stands against other stocks that insiders sold in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. Last week, President Donald Trump signed an executive order imposing […]
Tax-loss harvesting is an often under-utilized strategy, despite significant possible benefits.
By declaring a trade war on the rest of the world, President Donald Trump has panicked global financial markets, raised the risk of a recession and broken the political and economic alliances that made much of the world stable for business after World War II.  Trump's latest round of tariffs went into full effect at midnight Wednesday, with higher import tax rates on dozens of countries and territories taking hold.  Economists are puzzled to see Trump trying to overhaul the existing economic order and doing it so soon after inheriting the strongest economy in the world.
CHICAGO (Reuters) -Oil prices surged from a four-year low on Wednesday and gold rallied in a broad-based commodities and equity market rebound after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower recently enacted tariffs on dozens of countries while further increasing duties on China.  U.S. natural gas prices jumped 10% and copper gained nearly 3% after earlier touching an eight-month low as the tariff pause eased market worries that Trump's steep duties, announced last week, could trigger a recession.  Agricultural commodities also climbed, led by soybeans, although gains were more measured as U.S. trade with top farm goods importer China remained a concern.
Delta Air Lines scraps its full-year guidance Wednesday and warns ‘growth has largely stalled’ amid global economic uncertainty.
Wall Street surged after U.S. President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause in tariffs unveiled last week that roiled markets and erased trillions of dollars from global stock markets.  The policy changes also include a lowered overall tariff of 10% during that 90-day period, and an increase in tariffs on Chinese imports to 125%, from the 104% that went into effect overnight.  TREASURIES: U.S. Treasury benchmark yields pared gains after the tariff announcement, following a government auction of $39 billion 10-year notes that suggested good demand.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
