2 Top Tech Stocks That Could Make You a Millionaire
2025-04-15 07:12
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/15/2-top-tech-stocks-that-could-make-you-a-millionair/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=855b55d0-dedb-4583-9dc0-5a474a3f9c50&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.Key PointsTechnology stocks are tumbling. A tariff war has started between the United States and China, injecting uncertainty into the stock market. While stocks rallied this week, theNasdaq-100index is still off 16% from all-time highs set earlier this year. Volatility is off the charts, and it is unclear what comes next with sky-high tariffs putting up huge trade barriers between the world's two largest economies.Given how unpredictable these tariffs are, the best move may be to look for high-quality stocks that are unaffected by China and United States foreign trade, meaning companies that don't ship physical goods from China to the States or vice versa. This could include software companies or international stocks, among other candidates. I have two that fit the bill perfectly.Here are two top technology stocks that can make you a millionaire through all market environments.Plenty of large technology companies could be impacted by this trade war, namelyAppleandAmazon.Alphabet(GOOG1.21%)(GOOGL1.12%)should be more immune. Its Google and YouTube properties have been unable to operate in China for years, and it doesn't ship any physical goods from China that would be affected by tariffs.Alphabet is a long-term growth investment in artificial intelligence (AI). AI is making Google Search, YouTube, and new consumer products like Gemini more powerful for users. And the industry is just at the beginning of this growth in spending on AI tools. Third-party estimates have the category growing at a 30%-plus annual rate through 2030 to reach total annual spend of more than $1 trillion. As a leader in this space, Alphabet is in pole position to capture a lot of this consumer and commercial spending.Most promising may be the growth of Google Cloud. The data center and cloud computing division is the backbone for AI tools, growing revenue 30% year over year to $12 billion last quarter. Fast growth should be expected for the rest of the decade, and it wouldn't be surprising if the division reached $100 billion in annual revenue within the next few years.Today, you can buy Alphabet stock at a price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) below 20, which is much cheaper than the average technology stock. For a beneficiary of AI and a long-term revenue grower, this seems like a dirt cheap price and why I think Alphabet stock is a millionaire maker at current prices.When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is796%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to155%for the S&P 500.They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025CPNG Gross Profit Margindata byYChartsAnother way to avoid this tariff calamity is to diversify to high-quality stocks outside of America.Coupang(CPNG-0.44%)is a great company that operates in South Korea. It is an e-commerce platform in a similar vein to Amazon and is growing market share rapidly in the nation with its high quality and fast delivery services.Last quarter, Coupang's revenue grew 28% year over year in South Korean won terms (adjusting for U.S. dollar exchange rate) to $8 billion. Itsgross profit marginkeeps rising, hitting close to 30% over the last 12 months. With plenty of room to gain market share and the addition of add-on services like advertising, TV streaming, and food delivery, Coupang should grow both its revenue and profit margins in the years to come.Plus, it is expanding into Taiwan, where revenue is growing 23% quarter over quarter, albeit from a small base. Over the next few years, Coupang's annual revenue can grow to $50 billion compared to $30 billion in 2024 with bottom-line profit margin potential of 10%. That would equate to $5 billion in annual net earnings.Today, Coupang trades at a market cap of $39 billion, or less than 10 times what I believe the company can earn in net income just a few years from now. From my seat, this looks like a stock that can make investors rich as long as you buy and hold for the long term.Before you buy stock inCoupang, consider this:The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCoupangwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $495,226!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $679,900!*Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is796% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to155%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.See the 10 stocks ›*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025John Mackey, former CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors.Brett Schaferhas positions in Alphabet, Amazon, and Coupang. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, and Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Coupang. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.Learn more ›Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.Stocks Mentioned*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.Related ArticlesInvest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.About The Motley FoolOur ServicesAround the GlobeFree ToolsAffiliates & Friends