Title: Is UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) One of the Best Falling Stocks to Buy According to Analysts?
Date: 2025-05-06 15:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unitedhealth-group-incorporated-unh-one-153118762.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
We recently published a list of 11 Best Falling Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other best falling stocks to buy according to analysts.
Over the past two years, bulls have been in control, pushing US markets to new heights with each pullback. Major indices rallied to record highs as artificial intelligence emerged as a key investment theme, especially in the technology sector. Stocks also rallied amid expectations that the US Federal Reserve will cut interest rates on inflationary pressures subsiding significantly. The rally to record highs saw valuations get out of hand beyond historical norms.
A change of administration and policies in the US was always going to be the catalyst to sway investors to exit risky bets amid the premium valuations. Donald Trump’s taking over, waging a trade war against allies, and imposing stringent tariffs on imports into the US is the latest headwind that is sending US equity markets lower.
The S&P 500 is already down by about 6%, and the tech-heavy NASDAQ is down by about 8%. The pullbacks come on growing concerns that the tariff war fuelled by Trump could plunge the global economy into recession. Similarly, there are growing fears that the US Federal Reserve will refrain from cutting interest rates as inflationary pressures show signs of edging higher.
Consequently, the US equity market remains on edge, with stocks exposed to the tariff war pulling back by double-digit percentage points. The uncertainty around President Trump’s tariffs and policies is sure to heighten volatility in the markets, as was the case in his first term.
Trump’s announcement of tariffs on Chinese imports in 2018 and 2019 caused stocks to perform poorly, according to data from economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Fast forward, we are seeing a repeat of similar performance in 2025, but on a larger scale.
Nevertheless, a falling stock market will always present unique investment opportunities for investors with a high-risk tolerance. As prices come down, opportunities to invest in stocks trading at highly discounted valuations are increasingly cropping up.
″‘Buying the dip’ depends upon your timeframe,” says Richard Smith, CEO of investing tool RiskSmith. “If you can keep your money in the markets for at least a couple of years, this is a good dip to buy. You’ll likely be disappointed if you’re banking on the market reversing [soon] and heading back up to new highs.”
Although it’s unclear if the stock sell-off will steepen in the weeks to come, there are exceptionally safe, historically inexpensive, time-tested stocks worth buying on the dip. In line with Warren Buffett’s strategy of pursuing opportunities when there is a blood bath, the best stocks in a shaky market will always be those with a rare combination of quality and healthy potential for growth.
To curate the list of the 11 best-falling stocks to buy according to analysts, we used the Finviz stock screener. We defined falling stocks as those trading within 0% to 10% of their 52-week lows. Using the Finviz stock screener, we got an aggregated list of stocks that fit our criteria. Next, we ranked these stocks in ascending order based on analysts’ upside potential (as of May 2). We have also mentioned the hedge fund sentiment around each stock, as of Q4 2024.
At Insider Monkey, we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A senior healthcare professional giving advice to a patient in a clinic.
52 Week Range: $399.86 – $630.73
Current Share Price: $400.68
Analysts Upside Potential as of May 2: 41.01%
Number of hedge fund holders: 150
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is a healthcare company that offers consumer-oriented health benefit plans and services. It also provides care delivery, wellness and consumer engagement, and health financial services to patients. While its stock has experienced a notable downturn, going by the 18% year-to-date slide, it is still one of the best-falling stocks to buy, according to analysts.
Research firm Baird has already reiterated a Buy rating on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) after the significant pullback but cut the price target to $510 from $640. The price cut comes on the company experiencing its steepest 1-day drop of 22% in more than a century as investors reacted to higher Medicare costs. Amid the escalating costs, UnitedHealth Group was still able to deliver $6.3 billion in profit in Q1 2025 due to growth in its Medicare Advantage line of business.
Additionally, the stock stands out owing to its exceptional track record in paying and growing dividends over the past 14 years. Its 1.4% dividend yield is almost equal to that of the S&P 500 average. In addition, the UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) often turns to acquisitions to grow its business. It has already acquired the home health business Luck Group and is in the process of closing a $3.3 billion deal for Amedisys to strengthen its home health services further.
Overall, UNH ranks 4th on our list of best falling stocks to buy according to analysts. While we acknowledge the potential of UNH as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than UNH but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Based on the average brokerage recommendation (ABR), UnitedHealth (UNH) should be added to one's portfolio. Wall Street analysts' overly optimistic recommendations cast doubt on the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric. So, is the stock worth buying?
April was a wild month for the stock market.  Investors who ignored volatility and stayed invested came out winners.  Just look at  Morningstar’s  April report on the market’s 10 largest U.S. stock ETFs, seven of which are from investing giant Vanguard.
Payer profits fell in 2024 as Americans, especially older ones, utilized more medical care. But efforts to resuscitate margins appear to be working for most — at least for now, according to first quarter results.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.