Title: BofA keeps Neutral on Pfizer after danuglipron failure as core thesis unchanged
Date: 2025-04-15 15:05:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bofa-keeps-neutral-pfizer-danuglipron-150532621.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. BofA analyst Tim Anderson notes Pfizer (PFE) announced danuglipron, an oral GLP-1 obesity, is being discontinued, following a case of liver injury seen in the phase 1 study. The firm points out that it has argued that this program has received almost too much attention – not because obesity isn’t important, but because this was only phase 1 data. Without danuglipron, Pfizer’s obesity pipeline now consists of a GIP receptor antagonist in phase 2 and a phase 1 oral GLP-1 in T2D with Nxera Pharma. If the company is committed to obesity, a possible next step could be business development, BofA argues. The firm reiterates a Neutral rating for Pfizer as it believes core thesis remains unchanged. Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter withTop Smart Score Stocks. Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities usingTipranks' Stock Screener. Published first onTheFly– the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news.Try Now>> See Insiders’ Hot Stocks on TipRanks >> Read More on PFE: Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue Is Pfizer Stock (PFE) Worth Buying After Its Weight Loss Pill Failure? BTIG highlights some reasons to own Viking shares after danuglipron discontinued Smaller obesity drugmakers jump after Pfizer scraps weight-loss pill JPMorgan says Pfizer news ‘mostly a positive’ for Structure, Viking Viking, Structure rally after Pfizer halts obesity drug development We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new […] On Tuesday, investors continued to snap up shares of big pharmaceutical company Pfizer (NYSE: PFE).  On Tuesday, Pfizer's stock closed the day 1.5% higher, providing a pleasant contrast to the S&P 500 index's 0.2% dip.  Tuesday was a relatively uneventful news day for Pfizer, especially following the pharmaceutical giant's disclosure on Monday that it halted the development of its investigational weight loss drug danuglipron. Pfizer said it will stop development of an oral weight-loss pill after a participant taking the drug in a clinical trial experienced a "liver injury." Advertising giant hasn’t seen any specific instances of marketer clients pulling back thus far, executives say. BP expects weak gas trading and a $4B rise in debt in Q1. Refining margins and oil output offer partial support amid its shift to fossil fuels. We came across a bullish thesis on Medtronic plc (MDT) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on MDT. Medtronic plc (MDT)’s share was trading at $84.22 as of April 14th. MDT’s trailing and forward P/E were 25.68 and 14.39 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Medtronic (MDT), one of the […] We came across a bullish thesis on Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on BSX. Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX)’s share was trading at $94.27 as of April 14th. BSX’s trailing and forward P/E were 75.42 and 33.11 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Boston Scientific (BSX), […] Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.