Title: How to invest in Nvidia successfully during Trump tariff turmoil
Date: 2025-04-16 16:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/how-to-invest-in-nvidia-successfully-during-trump-tariff-turmoil-160535638.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Listen and subscribe to Opening Bid on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, YouTube or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.
Not too long ago, Nvidia (NVDA) seemed unstoppable.
If recent market woes and the Nvidia pullback have investors down, they should consider the bigger picture, according to Lawrence "Larry" McDonald, founder of the Bear Traps Report.
"You can make a lot of money by investing in the power infrastructure plays," he told Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi for an episode of the Opening Bid podcast (see the video above or listen below).
He added that Nvidia's forecasts include $3 trillion in growth and that copper has a bright future related to it. "If you really, really listen to Jensen [Huang] and the Nvidia gods, the only way they get to their growth trajectory is with a lot more copper."
"If you look at the copper or oil names, they're down 30, sometimes, 25% off the highs," he said. "The future looks great for them because the valuation setup is so skewed."
McDonald is no stranger to helping the average investor through turbulent market moments.
Among other things, the Bear Traps Report aims to demystify political policy risk for investors and related investment strategies. McDonald is also the author of two books, including 2024's "How to Listen When Markets Speak."
Plenty of speculation and concern had gripped investors related to Trump's tariffs and their impact on technology. Markets have responded accordingly.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
The boost to 145% tariffs earlier this month on Chinese goods resulted in consumers bracing for sticker-shock prices on items such as iPhones. Meanwhile, Apple (AAPL) reportedly flew $2 billion worth of iPhones from India in March just before the first round of tariffs took hold.
Nvidia had to take a $5.5 billion charge this week because of fresh restrictions on its AI chip exports to China.

In an April 10 note, Citi analyst Atif Malik maintained a Buy rating on Nvidia but lowered estimates "to align with our revised hyperscaler capex model of +35%/+15% spend reflecting mostly lower Microsoft capex concerns and higher risk of pause in enterprise investments amid uncertainty around the global economy due to ongoing trade war," he wrote.
McDonald said despite his interest in copper as a way to play AI, Nvidia remains poised for AI greatness. It may just take a bit for the stock to work higher again.
"You can make a lot of money by investing in the power infrastructure plays," he said.
McDonald also noted that there are many ETF opportunities for investors looking to get into the space. "You're investing in a basket of companies that are going to power AI for the next 30 years," he said.
Three times each week, Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi fields insight-filled conversations and chats with the biggest names in business and markets on Opening Bid. You can find more episodes on our video hub or watch on your preferred streaming service.
Grace Williams is a writer for Yahoo Finance.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
(Bloomberg) -- Mark Zuckerberg, the first witness in the Federal Trade Commission’s trial to break up his social media empire, gave a rare window into how he makes business decisions: by fighting for survival, even when his company is ahead.Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsDOGE Places Entire Staf
(Reuters) -Global chip stocks were battered on Wednesday on fresh evidence of how U.S. President Donald Trump's shifting trade policy was complicating the outlook for semiconductor and computing giants, including AI pioneer Nvidia and its rival AMD.  Attempts to reorient global trade through tariffs and export curbs have started to show the effect as Nvidia warned of a $5.5 billion hit after Washington restricted exports of its AI processor tailored for China, while Dutch chip-making tools giant ASML raised doubts about its outlook.  The U.S. restriction, which also hit the MI308 processor of Advanced Micro Devices, marked the latest blow for the AI chip trade that is losing steam after a two-year rally as tariff threats and fears over Big Tech's spending weigh on sentiment.
Netflix is slated to report first-quarter results after markets close Thursday, and options markets suggest traders are expecting a stock price big move in the following days.
We recently published a list of 13 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other NASDAQ stocks to buy in 2025. On April 4, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives appeared on CNBC to discuss the potential impact […]
Nvidia stock sank after a surprise disclosure it would take a hit north of $5 billion following new chip export restrictions.
BJ's (BJ) might move higher on growing optimism about its earnings prospects, which is reflected by its upgrade to a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).
Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified this week at a high-stakes trial in Washington where the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is seeking to unwind Meta's acquisitions of prized assets Instagram and WhatsApp.  Zuckerberg in 2018 floated the idea of spinning off Instagram amid mounting pressure on Big Tech from antitrust regulators, in a sign of how seriously he took the threat of precisely the type of claims Meta now faces.  Seeking to explain messages in which he worried that Instagram was a competitive threat, Zuckerberg said the app's camera was simply better than camera features Meta had developed.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg emphasized in federal court on Wednesday that he bought Instagram and WhatsApp because he saw value in the companies — not to take out competitors, as the Federal Trade Commission alleges in a historic antitrust trial.  Zuckerberg took the stand for the third day in the trial, wrapping up his testimony as the first witness Wednesday afternoon.  Hansen focused some of his questioning on emails sent by Zuckerberg and his associates that the FTC cited in earlier testimony to illustrate the Facebook founder's alarm over the growth of Instagram and his sense that he needed to neutralize its threat.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.