Title: Apple market cap falls back below $3 trillion as 'relief rally' fades amid new tariff uncertainty
Date: 2025-04-16 16:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-market-cap-falls-back-below-3-trillion-as-relief-rally-fades-amid-new-tariff-uncertainty-160003888.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) stock fell nearly 4% on Wednesday, sending the iPhone maker's market capitalization back below $3 trillion as tariff pressures continue to weigh on the company after shares had enjoyed what some analysts called a "relief rally" earlier in the week.
Apple stock surged to start the week, leading the "Magnificent Seven" stocks higher as investors cheered the Trump administration's temporary tariff exemptions for tech products announced over the weekend.
The "relief rally," as Citi's Atif Malik put it, briefly put Apple's value back above the $3 trillion mark after falling to its lowest value in almost a year last week at just under $2.6 trillion.
Apple is still the world's most valuable company, ahead of Microsoft (MSFT).
US Customs and Border Protection issued regulations late Friday exempting consumer electronics — and almost all of Apple's products — from reciprocal tariffs.
On April 2, Trump announced global reciprocal tariffs that would go into effect on April 9.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
The president instead announced a 90-day pause on the reciprocal tariff plan last Wednesday — with the exception of a 145% reciprocal tariff on Chinese imports, a development cheered by Apple investors. Some 90% of Apple's iPhones are made in China.
Apple had shed more than $770 billion from its market cap between April 2 and April 8.
Apple's decline on Wednesday comes after Nvidia (NVDA) disclosed late Tuesday that the Trump administration had effectively banned exports of its H20 chips to China.
Nvidia's disclosure followed reports that Trump had been set to back off plans to restrict Nvidia's chips designed for China to comply with US trade rules.
To Jefferies analyst Edison Lee, these developments show that there are “many conflicting opinions within Trump's team on the issue of tariffs, strategies against China and US tech restrictions."
"The concern about Apple is that it will become harder to avoid the crossfire between the US and China as tariffs and restrictions come into play," DA Davidson analyst Gil Luria told Yahoo Finance in an email.
"The [export] restrictions on chips that came out from NVIDIA represent an escalation in the trade dispute."
Tech stocks fell across the board Wednesday, with the Nasdaq (^IXIC) dropping 3%.
Fellow Magnificent Seven stocks Meta (META) and Microsoft (MSFT) also sank, falling nearly 4%, while Nvidia plummeted almost 7%.
Trump also set the stage to tariff semiconductors this week — the Commerce Department opened a probe into computer chips Tuesday under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, which grants the president the ability to impose levies on imports due to national security. And Trump has promised that most electronics will still get wrapped up in his tariffs, which could hurt Apple.
"We are taking a look at Semiconductors and the WHOLE ELECTRONICS SUPPLY CHAIN in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations," he posted Sunday.
Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
(Bloomberg) -- US Treasuries rallied for a third day as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank will aim to prevent tariffs from leading to stickier inflation.Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsDOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on LeaveThe five-year note led
China-founded e-commerce sites Temu and Shein say they plan to raise prices for U.S. customers starting next week, a ripple effect from President Donald Trump's attempts to correct the trade imbalance between the world's two largest economies by imposing a sky-high tariff on goods shipped from China.  Temu, which is owned by the Chinese e-commerce company PDD Holdings, and Shein, which is now based in Singapore, said in separate but nearly identical notices that their operating expenses have gone up “due to recent changes in global trade rules and tariffs.”  Both companies said they would be making “price adjustments” starting April 25, although neither provided details about the size of the increases.
TSMC, the main global producer of advanced chips used in artificial intelligence applications, is set to report a 57% leap in first-quarter profit on Thursday, though it is also likely to flag risks from U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policies.  Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co is expected to report a net profit of T$354.6 billion ($10.92 billion) for the three months ended March 31, according to a LSEG SmartEstimate drawn from 18 analysts.
Tom Lee, the Head of Research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, isn’t buying this narrative of “America in decline” or the “end of American exceptionalism” that is gaining steam in recent weeks. What Happened: Lee said on Monday that he is not in the same camp as those who believe that “U.S. exceptionalism is over.” During an interview with CNBC’s “Squawk Box,” Lee was asked about the potential worst-case scenario involving a weakening dollar, rising yields, and foreign capital pulling out of U.S. a
Chinese online marketplace Temu and fast-fashion retailer Shein, two of the biggest advertisers on U.S. social media, are sharply cutting their U.S. digital ad spending, industry data show, in a blow to tech companies such as Meta's Facebook and YouTube.  The online retailers, both of which ship low-priced China-made goods direct to U.S. shoppers, had been on an ad spree until recently, targeting younger, thriftier shoppers in digital media.  U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order earlier this month threatens this business.
Dow Jones restaurant giant McDonald's, along with Netflix stock and MercadoLibre, are among the best stocks to watch Tuesday.
Trump's Treasury secretary wants business owners to relax. That's hard to do when Trump's tariffs are pushing costs higher and profits lower and threatening a recession.
The dollar resumed its fall on Wednesday with both safe-havens and risk-sensitive currencies outperforming the greenback as traders waited to see if U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration reaches new trading agreements with partners.  The dollar tumbled last week on concerns over the economic impact of new tariffs and as investors shifted allocations overseas due to uncertainty on the erratic implementation of the trade levies.  The United States is in discussions with countries including Japan, while tensions between China and the U.S. are intensifying.
Nvidia stock sank after a surprise disclosure it would take a hit north of $5 billion following new chip export restrictions.
(Reuters) -The ripple effects of Donald Trump's global trade war are increasingly being felt across numerous industries all at once and on Wednesday were once again exerting pressure on U.S. stock markets that have been roiled for weeks by his erratic trade policies.  Stocks fell broadly, with tech stocks hit particularly hard after bellwethers like Nvidia that are highly tied into the world's supply chain warned of hits to their bottom line.  Meanwhile, airlines said they are bracing for an uncertain summer travel season, and the head of the Federal Reserve noted slowing economic activity - but also cast a wary eye on the threat that tariffs pose to its goal of lowering inflation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.