Title: Retail Sales Jump Most In Two Years In Rush To Buy Autos, iPhones Before Trump Tariffs; S&P 500 Fall
Date: 2025-04-16 13:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/3267f0f7-fec6-330e-a9c2-29d08677f4bb/retail-sales-jump-most-in-two.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
March retail sales jumped as consumers rushed to buy autos and Apple iPhones before the impact of Trump tariffs. The S&P 500 fell.
For now, he said in remarks prepared for delivery at the Economic Club of Chicago, the Fed could keep its benchmark interest rate steady "to wait for greater clarity before considering any adjustments to our policy stance."  Repeating comments made earlier this month, the Fed chief noted that the impact of those and other policy changes "are still evolving," but likely to be "larger than anticipated."  When asked if there’s such a thing as a Fed put for the stock market, his answer was ‘no’.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -U.S. retail sales increased by the most in more than two years in March as households stepped up purchases of motor vehicles and a range of other goods to avoid higher prices from tariffs, likely barely keeping the economy afloat in the first quarter.  Economists' gross domestic product growth estimates for the January-March quarter remained stuck below a 0.5% annualized rate, keeping intact investors' fears of stagnant growth and high inflation, commonly referred to as stagflation.  Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell at an Economic Club of Chicago event on Wednesday acknowledged the economy appeared to have slowed last quarter, noting "inflation is likely to go up as tariffs find their way and some part of those tariffs come to be paid by the public."
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell suggested on Wednesday that hopes the central bank will step in to tamp down on market volatility are likely misplaced.  Asked if the Fed would intervene to counter sharp declines in the stock market, Powell said "I'm going to say no, with an explanation."  "What I think is going on in markets is markets are processing what's going on, markets are struggling with a lot of uncertainty and that means volatility," Powell said in an appearance in Chicago.
The March retail sales report comes as investors are closely watching for any signs of slowing in US economic growth before the implementation of President Trump's tariffs.
Stocks opened lower on Wednesday after the latest trade headlines hit Nvidia and other tech stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 310 points, or 0.8%. The S&P 500 was down 1.4%. The Nasdaq Composite was down 2.
The US government's export restrictions on a chip made by Nvidia (NVDA) could be "disruptive" to its
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.