Title: Trump tariff era means you may have to wave goodbye to earnings guidance
Date: 2025-04-13 12:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-tariff-era-means-you-may-have-to-wave-goodbye-to-earnings-guidance-123010647.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you can sign up to receive in your inbox every morning along with:
The chart of the day
What we're watching
What we're reading
Economic data releases and earnings
"Every day is a march toward the next quarterly earnings report."
That comment came to me compliments of a public company CEO a few weeks ago over coffee. It certainly jibes with what I've heard through the years from investor relations leads, CFOs, and CEOs.
These keepers of the numbers have told me they are beholden to the market and its whims, and they spend insane amounts of time crafting earnings call narratives and plotting out guidance ranges.
It all seems so silly, seeing as it's not required to issue guidance at all!
And this brings me to today's thoughts.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        

Now could be a good time for execs to use the cover of Trump tariff uncertainty to stop providing guidance of any kind, once and for all.
After all, how can one believe any outstanding numbers in this environment (and environments three and a half years from now) when it could literally change with one Truth Social post?
Delta (DAL) CEO Ed Bastian caught a clue this week and yanked guidance.
Levi's (LEVI) CEO Michelle Gass rolled the dice and let the company's outstanding full-year profit guidance ride.
I found it bizarre, given Levi's stands to get hammered by tariffs due to its origin of sourcing. Shortly before Trump's 90-day tariff pause, one former apparel CEO told me by text the price of a pair of jeans could go up 50% to 100%. But the pause didn't include China, which now has a rate of 145%.
But hey, at least Gass has formed an internal "task force" to begin figuring out the tariff impact on the business.
Walmart (WMT) CEO Doug McMillon and CFO John David Rainey met investors in the middle. The company warned on operating profits for the first quarter but left its full-year range unchanged.
"I suspended guidance once in my six years and that was during COVID," former Hostess Brands CEO Andy Callahan told me.
He added, "CEOs/CFOs do a lot of work to understand the forecast and do sensitivities to those inputs to determine a RELIABLE RANGE of outcomes. When two things happen at once like is happening now ... ie a large range of uncertainty or short time to solve, they will suspend. The level of impact happening now is uncertain and likely outside range of CEOs to solve. They will likely suspend for at least a quarter. Guidance is not required and an uncertain or inaccurate guide is worse than a very rational suspension. And saying it does not include the impacts and keeping the guide is disingenuous."
CEOs tell me a lot of companies are likely to remove guidance when earnings season begins next week. It feels like the right move, even if it hits the company's stock price. That means investors will have to assess companies differently — think more textbook-like than trying to predict an earnings number and subsequent stock reaction.
I am curious, though: How much historically do you rely on sales and profit guidance from a company you own? And if you do rely heavily on that guidance, are you doing so now, given any outstanding forecasts are bordering on useless because of tariff uncertainty? I am eager to hear your thoughts — drop me a line on X @BrianSozzi.
Full disclosure: I have for years disliked corporate guidance and have been steadfast in saying the practice should be stopped.
Time to say bye-bye to analyst forecasts and whipsawing stock prices in the seconds after the earnings result hits the tape!
I think a company's investment worthiness should be dictated by the pure health of the business, not by how an investment bank thinks a business should be doing based on their various spreadsheet inputs.
The pure health of the business could be assessed by scrutinizing sequential sales, margins, profits, and cash flow growth rates on an absolute and relative basis (being simplistic here, but it can be done this way at the bare minimum).
Nevertheless, here is what some top former public company CEOs told me about offering profit guidance during times of considerable economic and policy uncertainty, as is presently the case.
Former Cisco CEO John Chambers
"General guidelines I follow in times of uncertainty are to err on the side of transparency and openness even if that requires a wider range in the guidance, with appropriate disclaimers, given the market conditions."
Boston Consulting Group chair Rich Lesser
"We believe a pause in point estimates of forward guidance is justified for the most impacted industries with the widest outcomes. This should come with:
Color on moving parts (e.g., tariffs, pricing, elasticity, supply chain moves, productivity & savings to ease pressure, ability to monetize/sell assets) to help investors and analysts model scenarios.
A commitment to share as much as possible as soon as possible (ideally weeks not months).
A commitment to get back to formal guidance in the short-to-medium term when the situation has clarified/stabilized a bit."
Former Medtronic CEO Bill George
"We have discussed this question with CEOs recently.
Given the uncertainty created by constantly changing tariffs and their unknown impact on the economy and on supply chains, I believe it is wise to withhold guidance on near-term revenues and earnings. This situation is similar to what CEOs experienced with COVID in 2020."
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Chipotle's focus on customer experience, digital investment and supplier diversification should support a sustainable recovery over time.
Is McDonald's strong growth strategy enough to overcome near-term challenges? Let us take a closer look.
Overseas visitor numbers fell by 11.6%, with European arrivals dropping sharply.  ✈️ The picture has darkened close enough to the quarterly “quiet period” that many travel-related companies have yet to quantify the impact, but airlines Delta and Frontier pulled financial guidance.
McDonald's (MCD) concluded the recent trading session at $312.48, signifying a -1.14% move from its prior day's close.
(Reuters) -Caterpillar said on Tuesday that Chief Operating Officer Joe Creed would succeed Jim Umpleby as CEO, tapping an insider to help the construction equipment maker navigate the fallout of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs.  Umpleby, a veteran who has been with the company for more than four decades, held the top job for the last eight years and guided the firm through a demand and supply chain downturn brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.  Umpleby, who will transition to executive chairman, will hand over the reins on May 1 to 49-year-old Joseph Creed, a 28-year veteran with extensive leadership experience at Caterpillar.
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Cisco (CSCO) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
UPS has selected Delta Airlines to maintain engines for its fleet of Boeing 757 freighters. The post UPS hires Delta Air Lines to maintain Boeing 757 engines appeared first on FreightWaves.
The headline numbers for FB Financial (FBK) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.