Title: United Airlines Is So Unsure About the Economy It Offers Two Profit Scenarios
Date: 2025-04-16 18:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/united-airlines-unsure-economy-offers-182932996.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
(Bloomberg) — United Airlines Holdings Inc. (UAL) reassured investors worried about wobbly demand with a vow to make money even during a recession.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
The company plans to control costs and keep its planes full, dialing back flying plans as needed to keep profits coming in should President Donald Trump’s trade war trigger an economic downturn. The carrier took the unusual step of issuing two profit forecasts, saying adjusted earnings will be $11.50 to $13.50 a share this year if the current environment remains stable, or as little as $7 a share if the US economy enters a recession.
“That’s a pretty good downside,” said Bloomberg Intelligence analyst George Ferguson, who added that he’s never seen a company give a multi-scenario outlook before. “I expect airlines to bleed red in a recession.”
“It is true that the environment has gotten a lot harder,” United Chief Executive Officer Scott Kirby said Wednesday on the company’s earnings call, adding that the carrier has a “real shot” to achieve its rosier outlook. “No matter what the economic environment is, we are going to bust our asses to get there.”
Wall Street applauded the two-pronged show of confidence, sending United’s shares up more than 5% during the call before the stock turned negative, in line with a broader market slump. American Airlines Group Inc. and Southwest Airlines Co. report first-quarter earnings next week.
United offered a counter to warnings from rival airlines that growth and profits are at risk due to Trump’s tariffs. Delta Air Lines Inc. last week withdrew its 2025 financial guidance due to global trade uncertainty and waning confidence among consumers and businesses that has “flat-lined” revenue growth. The parent of Frontier Airlines also withdrew its full-year profit outlook due to the murky economic environment.
“We like United’s guidance approach given the fluidity of the macro backdrop,” Deutsche Bank analyst Mike Linenberg said in a report.
Trump’s rapid trade policy shifts — slapping tariffs on countries and goods before granting relief soon after — have made it difficult for companies to forecast demand and earnings with any precision. United said the macroeconomic environment this year “is impossible to predict” with any confidence.
“Time will tell how the backdrop plays out, but management has had a knack of pulling a rabbit out of the hat,” Melius Research analyst Conor Cunningham said in a note. “At the very least, there is now a downside scenario in which investors can attempt to get comfortable around.”
United isn’t alone in seeing divergent outcomes. The Bank of Canada on Wednesday published two sets of forecasts, instead of its usual single projection. One outlines a temporary stall in Canadian economic activity, and the second sketches out an outright downturn that lasts a year. Separately, Fed Governor Christopher Waller on Monday laid out two scenarios for how Trump’s trade policy could affect the US economy, including one in which economic growth would slow “to a crawl” should steep US tariffs remain in place for some time.
Deep government job cuts and changing border policies by the Trump administration have already cut into bookings for domestic trips. United said premium cabin sales over the last two weeks were up 17% while international grew 5% year over year. The carrier’s first-quarter adjusted profit of 91 cents a share topped Wall Street’s expectation for 74 cents.
United said it will reduce that flying by four percentage points starting in the third quarter and will continue trimming some flying on low-demand days going into the fourth quarter. The airline said Wednesday it would move up the planned early retirement of 21 airplanes.
The carrier expects an adjusted profit in the current quarter will be $3.25 to $4.25 a share, compared with the $3.97 average of analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Delta has also said it expects to post a second-quarter profit.
—With assistance from Christopher Condon.
(Retops with executive commentary, analyst reaction from the first paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- Iran said it won’t be drawn into negotiations with the US over its ability to enrich uranium and warned that fledgling nuclear talks with Washington may fall apart if the Trump administration “moves the goalposts.”Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsIn two statements on Wednesday, sen
OpenAI declined to comment, while Windsurf, formerly known as Codeium, did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.  Windsurf was in talks with investors such as Kleiner Perkins and General Catalyst to raise funding at a $3 billion valuation, the report added.  It closed a $150 million funding round led by General Catalyst last year, valuing it at $1.25 billion.
The Trump administration this week moved to restrict Nvidia's sale of artificial intelligence chips to China.  The House Select Committee, which focuses on national security threats from China, opened an investigation into Nvidia's sale of chips across Asia, the report said.  It is trying to assess whether the U.S. chipmaker knowingly provided DeepSeek with critical technology to develop AI, potentially in violation of U.S. rules, the NYT report added.
Volkswagen confirmed Wednesday that it is joining the growing group of automakers committing to keeping prices steady to ease car shoppers' concerns around tariffs.  Automakers have provided stability, and even deep discounts, to consumers amid worries that tariffs will drive up prices on dealer lots.  German carmaker Volkswagen confirmed it is holding prices steady through May, a similar move to Hyundai Motor, which committed to maintaining sticker prices on its current models through June 2.
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell suggested on Wednesday that hopes the central bank will step in to tamp down on market volatility are likely misplaced.  Asked if the Fed would intervene to counter sharp declines in the stock market, Powell said "I'm going to say no, with an explanation."  "What I think is going on in markets is markets are processing what's going on, markets are struggling with a lot of uncertainty and that means volatility," Powell said in an appearance in Chicago.
All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say.
Mortgage applications for refinancing and purchases dropped last week after rates rose 20 basis points, reflecting market turbulence from President Trump's tariffs.
CEOs have warned on the economy because of Trump administration tariff policies. US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has a message for them all.
The Trump administration plans to eliminate the IRS' Direct File program, an electronic system for filing tax returns directly to the agency for free, according to two people familiar with the decision.  The program developed during Joe Biden's presidency was credited by users with making tax filing easy, fast and economical.  The program had been in limbo since the start of the Trump administration as Elon Musk and the Department of Government Efficiency have slashed their way through the federal government.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.