Title: Goldman Sachs CEO says ‘general message to people is to go slow’
Date: 2025-04-15 14:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-ceo-says-general-143641435.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Speaking on the company’s earnings call, Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon said in part: “I would I would say the level of uncertainty is up significantly and it’s partially up because growth was slowing down before we got to the implementation of trade policy” and the implementation of trade policy reset the prospect of forward growth “pretty significantly all over the world.” Solomon added: “I would say that when you get outside of the U.S. and I listened to CEOs, I hear a greater sense of short term concern, but everyone would like less uncertainty and more clarity on forward policy and that’s what we’re hearing from clients… Investors invest by predicting the future and they obviously like less uncertainty. So they can have a better window into predicting the future. My guess is over time this level of uncertainty will come down and my general message to people is to go slow.”
Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter with Top Smart Score Stocks.
Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities using  Tipranks' Stock Screener.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >>
Read More on GS:
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Unusually active option classes on open April 14th
Morning Movers: Goldman Sachs gains following first quarter results
GS Earnings: Goldman Sachs Stock Soars as Q1 Results Beat Estimates
Goldman Sachs Reports Strong Q1 2025 Financial Results
Goldman Sachs authorizes repurchases of up to $40B of common stock
Find insight on Ashmore, Goldman Sachs and more in the latest Market Talks covering Financial Services.
Goldman Sachs JPMorgan Chase  and  Morgan Stanley  all said a surge in trading revenue helped lift their profits in the first quarter and beat expectations.  Bank trading desks have been collecting more fees from investors scrambling to reduce or dial up the risk in their portfolios on any new clue about how  President Trump’s  tariffs might ultimately play out.  Combined, the three banks earned more than $12 billion in fees in their equities businesses, the desks that run stock-market related activities for clients.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold edged toward the record high set on Monday, as the Trump administration pressed ahead with probes that could broaden the US’s sweeping trade war.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBullion rose to top $3,230 an ounc
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the […]
We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading […]
The Trump administration launched a trade probe into semiconductors that could lead to tariffs and broaden an already sweeping trade war. The Commerce Department is looking at how the importing of chips impacts national security. Mandeep Singh of Bloomberg Intelligence talks about how this could impact chip makers Nvidia and TSMC.
We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading […]
(Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. sold a combined $14 billion of US investment-grade bonds Tuesday, matching the day-earlier total from peers Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingWells Fargo is issuing $8
Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon joined JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon in a tie atop the executive compensation rankings for the industry's largest publicly traded firms.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.