Title: Exxon & Chevron earnings, energy challenges under Trump 2.0
Date: 2025-05-02 14:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/exxon-chevron-earnings-energy-challenges-143419728.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon (XOM) and Chevron (CVX) posted earnings beats on Friday, but low oil prices (CL=F, BZ=F) weigh on the industry. The Energy Word founder, Daniel Dicker, tells Morning Brief co-hosts Brad Smith and Madison Mills that the energy sector — including natural gas and sustainable options like solar — is uninvestable under Trump 2.0.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.
Shares of Chevron and Exxon Mobile are on the move after reporting earnings. Chevron, if you can take a look at that stock, you see Chevron moving lower, Exxon moving to the upside, but Chevron cutting plans for its share buybacks, while Exxon Mobile gains after reporting it is on pace for its planned $20 billion in buybacks. Both companies dealing with a slowdown in oil prices as well. Joining us now with more Dan Dicker, the Energy Word founder. Dan, great to speak with you here. I want to start with your overall takeaway from how these two firms were able to handle the slide in oil prices that we've seen over the course of the last quarter. To what extent did that impact these names?
Well, both, both have reported. I mean, the expectations were already very bad for both Chevron and Exxon. Exxon executed better. I mean, they definitely beat the expectations, but their expectations were down for the last three quarters. And obviously, it's based on an oil price that is continuing to be under pressure and with increasing recession risks that continue to to build out there. Uh, it doesn't bode well. Till this morning, I mean, obviously, Exxons did doing a little bit better in the market than Chevron is based on that better execution. But the bottom line problem for both of these companies is clearly price of oil. And and that's something that they're going to have a difficulty maneuvering going forward, both of them.
Yeah, oil, even with some of the interim rebound that we've seen, is still set for another weekly loss here. And so, all of that considered, as you're kind of looking out into the future and the forecast for both of these companies, you have a president that's talked about drill, baby, drill. But for these companies that are also trying to maintain their own margins and have a duty to investors to really showcase what that pipeline looks like for the future prospects of the business, you know, how are you kind of drawing, drawing a line between the two, what is kind of talked about from the administration side, but what's the reality for the business and the industry more broadly?
Yeah, I mean, quite frankly, the, um, whatever it is that the oil companies managed to get out of the White House in terms of some a couple of cabinet picks and so on, is not being, um, uh, reflected in terms of positives for the companies compared to obviously the tariff problem and the recession risk that's going into it. I mean, you don't have to be a genius to realize that these companies rely upon a price in order for them to make profits. And it's just not there. I mean, at this point, I've been negative on, on majors since the middle of 24, actually, as these kind of supply demand numbers have gone against the oil companies for a while. And that's proved out. And it's getting worse all the time. I mean, I've been trying to tell my investors that the best values are really in the renewable sustainable space. Unfortunately, the Trump administration has disincentivized all of that as well. I mean, they've stopped payments on the, um, the Biden, um, inflation reduction act that was helping all of these renewables gain their footing. And so right now there's dead money everywhere in the energy sector. I mean, I can't tell people to put money into Exxon or Chevron, I can't tell people to put money into constellation or or first solar. And you know, I tell them that they've got to sit back at least in the energy sector and wait, and maybe put their money in Bitcoin because it seems like that's what the president is interested in pushing for.
So you're saying there's no opportunity within the energy sector right now, even when you do, you know, you have Exxon maintaining buybacks, that doesn't entice you?
Well, they've been maintaining buybacks for many, many years, and they've solid in that. So what I tell people is that, yeah, you can own majors, but depend upon the dividend, depend upon, you know, the bond, like a bond, and play it that way. I mean, you basically are looking at a company that has very little upside alpha that's going for it. And you know, so basically what you're dealing with is something that's very much like a fixed income kind of investment. Now, a lot of people don't mind having something like that. I have majors in my portfolio too, but I don't take it as something that's this tremendous opportunity for, you know, a 20 or a 30% gain or something even better than that.
Dan, good to get your perspective as always. Thanks so much for joining us this morning.
Along with the first-quarter 2025 transcript, BP announces that it has started producing oil and gas from three key projects, namely, Cypre in Trinidad, Raven infill in Egypt and GTA.
The headline numbers for Exxon (XOM) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
The heads of two Congressional panels have urged the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist Chinese groups, including Alibaba, that they...
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump asked Congress for deep cuts to domestic agencies and a boost to the military in a preliminary outline of his 2026 budget request.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Qu
Ford pays a generous dividend yield while trading at a modest P/E ratio.
Although the revenue and EPS for Imperial Oil (IMO) give a sense of how its business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it might be worth considering how some key metrics compare with Wall Street estimates and the year-ago numbers.
HOUSTON (Reuters) -Oil prices settled nearly 2% higher on Thursday after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened secondary sanctions on Iran after a fourth round of U.S.-Iran talks was postponed.  Trump said all purchases of Iranian oil or petrochemical products must stop and any country or person buying any from the country would be immediately subject to secondary sanctions.  "If the Trump administration is successful in enforcing secondary sanctions on the purchase of Iranian oil that could lead to a reduction in supply of about a million and a half, barrels per day," said Andrew Lipow, president of Lipow Oil Associates.
- Microsoft and Meta’s strong results and AI-fueled commentary sparked gains across the tech landscape. - Nvidia was among the notable winners. - AI optimism lifted QQQ and chip stocks.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio