Title: Chevron (CVX) Q1 Earnings: How Key Metrics Compare to Wall Street Estimates
Date: 2025-05-02 13:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-cvx-q1-earnings-key-133021160.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
For the quarter ended March 2025, Chevron (CVX) reported revenue of $47.61 billion, down 2.3% over the same period last year. EPS came in at $2.18, compared to $2.93 in the year-ago quarter.
The reported revenue represents a surprise of -2.15% over the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $48.66 billion. With the consensus EPS estimate being $2.15, the EPS surprise was +1.40%.
While investors scrutinize revenue and earnings changes year-over-year and how they compare with Wall Street expectations to determine their next move, some key metrics always offer a more accurate picture of a company's financial health.
Since these metrics play a crucial role in driving the top- and bottom-line numbers, comparing them with the year-ago numbers and what analysts estimated about them helps investors better project a stock's price performance.
Here is how Chevron performed in the just reported quarter in terms of the metrics most widely monitored and projected by Wall Street analysts:
U.S. and International Upstream - Total net oil-equivalent production: 3353 millions of barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to the 3297.78 millions of barrels of oil equivalent per day average estimate based on five analysts.
U.S. Upstream - Net oil-equivalent production per day: 1636 millions of barrels of oil equivalent versus the four-analyst average estimate of 1651.27 millions of barrels of oil equivalent.
International Upstream - Net oil-equivalent production per day: 1717 millions of barrels of oil equivalent compared to the 1667.46 millions of barrels of oil equivalent average estimate based on four analysts.
Worldwide - Net natural gas production per day (Natural Gas Production): 8,230 Mcf/D versus 7,997.44 Mcf/D estimated by three analysts on average.
U.S. Upstream - Net crude oil and natural gas liquids production per day (Liquids Production): 1159 millions of barrels of oil versus 1214.96 millions of barrels of oil estimated by three analysts on average.
International Upstream - Net natural gas production per day (Natural Gas Production): 5,371 Mcf/D versus 5,331.01 Mcf/D estimated by three analysts on average.
International Upstream - Net crude oil and natural gas liquids production per day (Liquids Production): 822 millions of barrels of oil compared to the 794.1 millions of barrels of oil average estimate based on three analysts.
U.S. Upstream - Net natural gas production per day: 2,859 Mcf/D compared to the 2,666.42 Mcf/D average estimate based on three analysts.
Worldwide - Net crude oil and natural gas liquids production per day (Liquids Production): 1981 millions of barrels of oil versus the three-analyst average estimate of 2009.07 millions of barrels of oil.
Revenues- Sales and other operating revenues: $46.10 billion versus $46.45 billion estimated by three analysts on average. Compared to the year-ago quarter, this number represents a -1% change.
Revenues- Income (loss) from equity affiliates: $820 million versus the two-analyst average estimate of $770.18 million. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of -43.1%.
Revenues- Other income: $689 million compared to the $238.75 million average estimate based on two analysts. The reported number represents a change of -0.9% year over year.
View all Key Company Metrics for Chevron here>>>Shares of Chevron have returned -12.7% over the past month versus the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -0.5% change. The stock currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), indicating that it could perform in line with the broader market in the near term.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Chevron  stock fell early Friday even after the oil major reported earnings that beat expectations.  Investors appear to be more interested in its stock buybacks, which are expected to fall along with oil prices.  Chevron’s core results were relatively strong, and the company got a boost from the startup of a large project in Kazakhstan.
Chevron Corp.&nbsp;Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;Mike Wirth says the oil and gas giant had a very strong quarter even though oil prices were flat. Wirth says the company is ramping up production in the Gulf of America and he expects to see great output. Wirth also says he's confident Chevron will be able to close the $53 billion deal to buy Hess Corp. He speaks to Bloomberg's Alix Steel.
Chevron (CVX) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.40% and 2.15%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
The arbitration case centres on the Stabroek block off the coast of Guyana.
Along with the first-quarter 2025 transcript, BP announces that it has started producing oil and gas from three key projects, namely, Cypre in Trinidad, Raven infill in Egypt and GTA.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Short-term loans are great for emergencies and seasonal changes but aren’t cheap.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio