Title: Amid Shaky Oil Market, Chevron Cuts Buyback Plans
Date: 2025-05-02 14:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amid-shaky-oil-market-chevron-144500945.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Chevron (CVX) executives cut their buyback budget for the next three months in response to an oil market that continues to look shaky.
During the oil giant’s first-quarter earnings call on May 2, executives said the move was well within the range of Chevron’s usual adjustments for market volatility.
“We've been through these cycles before, we know what to do, we know how to manage it,” said Mike Wirth, Chevron CEO and chairman of the board.
The company beat market expectations with $3.8 billion in earnings for the quarter, with adjusted earnings per share hitting $2.18 versus a consensus of $2.13 a share, according to TD Cowen.
The projected cuts in share buybacks reflect a macro-environment on crude price trends, Wirth said. Proposed tariffs from the Trump administration and OPEC’s recent announcement of production increases in May have caused oil prices to plummet.
WTI spot prices were below at $58.24/bbl on the afternoon of Chevron’s earnings call. Since announcement of the tariffs and OPEC production increases, prices have fallen roughly 19% from $72.12/bbl.
Chevron spent about $3.9 billion in share repurchases in the first quarter and expects to spend between $2 billion and $3.5 billion this quarter. If the company maintains the same rate, Chevron would spend between $11.5 billion and $13 billion for the year, Reuters reported on May 2.
The company’s budgeted range for 2025 repurchases is between $10 billion and $20 billion. Wirth said the upper end of the range is still possible for 2025, depending on the price of crude.
“More than two years ago, we introduced guidance on the buybacks with a range of $10 to $20 billion based on a view of the external environment,” Wirth said. “The high end of that was premised on a strong outlook on the commodity, the lower end of that was based on a weaker outlook for the commodity, and I think it was $85-ish on the top end and $60-ish on the bottom end.”
Buybacks are the company’s third financial priority, after dividend growth and capital investment, he said.
Chevron plans to continue expanding production. The company produced its first oil on its Ballymore Project in the Gulf of Mexico in April. The platform, along with other recent startups, will add 300,000 boe/d by 2026, the company said.
Wirth also discussed ongoing regulatory developments in California. The company has two refineries in the state.
On April 16, independent refinery company Valero announced it was shutting down or repurposing its California facility over the next year. Phillips 66 had earlier announced it would shut down its refinery in Los Angeles by the end of 2025.
Wirth criticized the state’s regulatory regime, saying that “central economic planning” has not worked in other “socialist states” and would likely not work in California. The CEO also discussed the state’s move in 2024 to involve itself in refinery turnaround periods.
“We've been pretty vocal that the policies coming out of the state make it nearly impossible to invest in California going forward; the result of that has been significantly higher costs for consumers than in the rest of the country,” he said.
The CEO added, however, that Chevron’s refineries are in a strong financial position in the region’s marketplace.
“We do not have any announcements on our refineries at this time,” he said.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio