Title: Should You Stay Invested in BP Stock or Sell it Post Q1 Earnings?
Date: 2025-05-02 14:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stay-invested-bp-stock-sell-141900969.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Last Tuesday, BP plc BP reported first-quarter 2025 earnings, which missed expectations. Lower liquid price realizations and weaker refining margins resulted in the setback. However, the British energy giant discussed new upstream project launches and discoveries, leading to an improved core business outlook.
Before analyzing the factors, let’s first review the first-quarter results.
BP reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of 53 cents per American Depositary Share on a replacement-cost basis, excluding non-operating items. The figure lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 56 cents. The bottom line also declined from the year-ago reported figure of 97 cents.
Total quarterly revenues of $47.9 billion missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $57.2 billion and declined from $49.9 billion reported a year ago. For more details, read our blog: BP's Q1 Earnings & Revenues Miss Estimates on Weak Refining.
Chevron Corporation CVX and Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM are two other prominent integrated energy companies. Both XOM and CVX have announced their earnings for the March quarter today. Notably, both ExxonMobil and Chevron beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings.
Along with the first-quarter 2025 transcript, BP revealed that it has started producing oil and gas from three key projects, namely, Cypre in Trinidad, Raven infill in Egypt and GTA (Greater Tortue Ahmeyim) in Mauritania and Senegal. With these developments, BP can increase its production capacity by a total of 100 thousand barrels per day (MBbl/D), thereby leading to its goal of increasing its production capacity by 250 MBbl/D by 2027.
Along with the new project startups, BP made six successful oil and gas discoveries in the Gulf of Mexico, Trinidad, Egypt and Namibia. Thus, the integrated energy giant will be capable of generating additional oil and gas volumes, glorifying its production outlook.
BP has a broader strategy for transitioning to lower-carbon energy solutions, which was reflected in its acquisition of Archaea Energy, a U.S.-based renewable natural gas (RNG) company, on Dec. 28, 2022. This is because after capturing methane emissions from landfills, Archaea converts them into renewable natural gas, which is a cleaner alternative to fossil fuels.
The most important development on this front is the Archaea Energy Integration, reflecting the act of the British energy major formally moving Archaea into the "Gas and Low Carbon Energy" business segment. Thus, Archaea Energy Integration remains a key part of BP’s energy transition initiatives. BP reiterated that by 2026, Archaea is expected to become free cash flow positive, which will mark a major milestone in the company’s energy transition space.
BP has progressed well in the divestment of non-core assets. Along with the first-quarter transcript, it announced that year to date, it has either completed or signed $1.5 billion in divestment agreements. It now aims for $3 billion to $4 billion in divestments for this year, with the possibility of the majority of proceeds coming in the second half.  
Notably, BP has a multi-year divestment program of $20 billion to repair its balance sheet strength. Notably, the divestment proceeds will help the company reach its net debt target range of $14 to $18 billion by 2027.
Hopefully, these positive developments will be reflected in the stock’s price performance, which is not quite impressive at the moment. Over the past year, BP has plummeted 23.8%, underperforming the 11.5% decline of the composite stocks belonging to the industry. BP also underperformed XOM and CVX, which slipped 5.9% and 11.6% over the same time frame.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
On the valuation front, the stock is not pricy, with BP trading at a 2.68x trailing 12-month Enterprise Value to Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EV/EBITDA), which is at a discount compared with the broader industry average of 3.95x.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Although it seems that it is the right time to bet on BP, investors should wait as there remain uncertainties surrounding the stock. In the transcript, BP explained that although its refineries operated efficiently, earnings from refining were weak due to an oversupply of gasoline in the U.S. Midwest and a surplus of diesel in Rotterdam, which caused fuel prices to drop.
Also, BP’s effective tax rate rose to approximately 50% in the first quarter, marking a sharp increase from the earlier periods. This spike was mainly due to a larger share of the company’s profits coming from its oil production operations, which face higher tax rates than its other segments, such as customer-focused fuel sales or low-carbon energy initiatives.
However, the company’s overall outlook remains positive. BP’s short-term Wall Street average price target is 33.3% higher than the last closing price of $27.88, with the highest target set at $56, representing a potential upside of 100.9%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
As a result, existing investors should hold onto their shares to benefit from this upward price trend. However, for those considering a new investment in BP, this might not be the best time. It carries a a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
The oil giant will not replace Giulia Chierchia, who has spearheaded its carbon net-zero mission — an initiative that BP is abandoning — since 2020.
Telsey analyst Dana Telsey lowered the price forecast for Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE:KSS) from $10 to $9, while retaining a Market Perform rating. On Thursday, the company announced the termination of CEO Ashley Buchanan for cause and appointed Board Chair Michael Bender as Interim CEO. Also, Kohl’s issued preliminary first-quarter 2025 results, expecting comparable sales to decline between 4.3% and 4.0%, operating income between $40 million and $45 million, and diluted EPS of a loss of 20 cents t
The headline numbers for Chevron (CVX) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Chevron  stock fell early Friday even after the oil major reported earnings that beat expectations.  Investors appear to be more interested in its stock buybacks, which are expected to fall along with oil prices.  Chevron’s core results were relatively strong, and the company got a boost from the startup of a large project in Kazakhstan.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio