Title: Chevron (CVX) Beats Q1 Earnings Estimates
Date: 2025-05-02 11:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-cvx-beats-q1-earnings-112503361.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Chevron (CVX) came out with quarterly earnings of $2.18 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.15 per share. This compares to earnings of $2.93 per share a year ago. These figures are adjusted for non-recurring items.
This quarterly report represents an earnings surprise of 1.40%. A quarter ago, it was expected that this oil company would post earnings of $2.19 per share when it actually produced earnings of $2.06, delivering a surprise of -5.94%.
Over the last four quarters, the company has surpassed consensus EPS estimates two times.
Chevron , which belongs to the Zacks Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry, posted revenues of $47.61 billion for the quarter ended March 2025, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 2.15%. This compares to year-ago revenues of $48.72 billion. The company has topped consensus revenue estimates three times over the last four quarters.
The sustainability of the stock's immediate price movement based on the recently-released numbers and future earnings expectations will mostly depend on management's commentary on the earnings call.
Chevron shares have lost about 5.9% since the beginning of the year versus the S&P 500's decline of -4.7%.
While Chevron has underperformed the market so far this year, the question that comes to investors' minds is: what's next for the stock?
There are no easy answers to this key question, but one reliable measure that can help investors address this is the company's earnings outlook. Not only does this include current consensus earnings expectations for the coming quarter(s), but also how these expectations have changed lately.
Empirical research shows a strong correlation between near-term stock movements and trends in earnings estimate revisions. Investors can track such revisions by themselves or rely on a tried-and-tested rating tool like the Zacks Rank, which has an impressive track record of harnessing the power of earnings estimate revisions.
Ahead of this earnings release, the estimate revisions trend for Chevron: mixed. While the magnitude and direction of estimate revisions could change following the company's just-released earnings report, the current status translates into a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) for the stock. So, the shares are expected to perform in line with the market in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
It will be interesting to see how estimates for the coming quarters and current fiscal year change in the days ahead. The current consensus EPS estimate is $1.91 on $49.6 billion in revenues for the coming quarter and $7.64 on $198.25 billion in revenues for the current fiscal year.
Investors should be mindful of the fact that the outlook for the industry can have a material impact on the performance of the stock as well. In terms of the Zacks Industry Rank, Oil and Gas - Integrated - International is currently in the bottom 26% of the 250 plus Zacks industries. Our research shows that the top 50% of the Zacks-ranked industries outperform the bottom 50% by a factor of more than 2 to 1.
New Fortress Energy (NFE), another stock in the same industry, has yet to report results for the quarter ended March 2025. The results are expected to be released on May 12.
This company is expected to post quarterly loss of $0.18 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of -126.9%. The consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 3.1% higher over the last 30 days to the current level.
New Fortress Energy's revenues are expected to be $536.64 million, down 22.3% from the year-ago quarter.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
New Fortress Energy LLC (NFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
The headline numbers for Exxon (XOM) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
We recently published a list of 11 Best Augmented Reality Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Adobe, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) stands against other best augmented reality stocks to buy according to hedge funds. According to a report by Mordor Intelligence, the global AR […]
The headline numbers for Chevron (CVX) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Valero Energy (VLO) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
XOM Q1 earnings gain on production volume growth from its Guyana and Permian Basin resources. Revenues miss estimates due to lower crude price realizations.
CVX paid $3 billion in dividends during the first quarter and spent around $3.9 billion in capital and exploratory expenditures.
Chevron Corp.&nbsp;Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;Mike Wirth says the oil and gas giant had a very strong quarter even though oil prices were flat. Wirth says the company is ramping up production in the Gulf of America and he expects to see great output. Wirth also says he's confident Chevron will be able to close the $53 billion deal to buy Hess Corp. He speaks to Bloomberg's Alix Steel.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio