Title: Chevron Will Reduce Stock Buybacks, and Shares are Dropping
Date: 2025-05-02 13:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/dd8a19a8-ea9e-31f3-8a01-f074de927843/chevron-will-reduce-stock.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Chevron stock fell early Friday even after the oil major reported earnings that beat expectations. Investors appear to be more interested in its stock buybacks, which are expected to fall along with oil prices. Chevron’s core results were relatively strong, and the company got a boost from the startup of a large project in Kazakhstan.
Chevron on Friday reported first-quarter earnings that met Wall Street estimates, but said it would spend less on share repurchases in the current quarter, reflecting the shaky economic outlook faced by Big Oil.  The company's share repurchases this year could be between $11.5 billion and $13 billion, said Chevron Chief Financial Officer Eimear Bonner, which would be in the lower end of the company's guidance of $10 billion to $20 billion.  Shares of Chevron rose 1.4% in afternoon trading.
ExxonMobil reported better first-quarter results than analysts expected Friday, while rival Chevron beat earnings estimates but fell just short of revenue forecasts.
HOUSTON (Reuters) -The International Chamber of Commerce has scheduled a hearing in Exxon Mobil's arbitration dispute over rival Chevron's planned acquisition of oil producer Hess for May 26, according to two sources familiar with the matter.  It has delayed Chevron's $53-billion deal to buy Hess, which was announced nearly 18 months ago.
Exxon Mobil and Chevron reported better-than-expected first-quarter profit early Friday.  Exxon executives claimed, despite pressure on prices and margins, their "strategy remains unchanged."  Meanwhile, Chevron stressed shareholder value, returning nearly $7 billion to stockholders in Q1 but plans to reduce that amount in the second quarter.
Cheniere Energy (LNG) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
BEN's fiscal second-quarter earnings meet estimates on lower expenses, offset by lower revenues and AUM balances.
Exxon  Mobil is pushing full-throttle ahead on its growth plans, even as the oil market is teetering.  Earnings per share came in at $1.76, compared with a median analyst estimate of $1.75.  Oil prices have slumped below $60 per barrel, near four-year lows, because of worry that tariffs will hurt demand even as OPEC raises production.
ETN's first-quarter earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate and it continues to benefit from rising organic sales.
Wendy’s cut its sales and profit outlook for the year, citing trend shifts in the current consumer environment.
Wendy's (WEN) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 0% and 0.10%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio