Jim Cramer on Chevron (CVX)_ I Like Chevron
2025-04-11 16:34
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-chevron-cvx-chevron-163400890.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Recently Talked About These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently.On Wednesday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, shared his thoughts on the market turmoil of the week and provided some valuable lessons. He emphasized that no one ever made a profit by panicking. Cramer pointed out how many investors had thrown in the towel during the downturn.“Yeah, what happens is they get out and then it rallies big like today, and that’s the end. Bye bye. Learn to take the pain. Staying the course is how you make the biggest money.”READ ALSO: 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently and Jim Cramer Talked About These 8 Stocks.Cramer noted how, on Tuesday night, anyone holding stocks felt disheartened and as if they had lost substantial sums. He then pointed out that in contrast, those who were shorting the market, including many hedge funds, went to bed feeling victorious. However, Cramer had a different perspective and highlighted that some of the short-sellers, who had bet against the market just before the high opening on Wednesday, might have felt smart in the moment.But he quickly reminded viewers that while bulls and bears can make money, he commented that “hogs, those who staged short were pigs, plain and simple. He then went on to say:“The president likes, no, no, he loves drama. He’s gonna love drama for his whole darn presidency. That’s one constant from his first term.”Cramer said that investors should not expect any certainty from the White House. Hoping for “certainty” from President Trump, he said, would be “kind of nuts” at this point. His advice to investors was simple: when the noise gets overwhelming, “just turn it off”.“So let me give you the bottom line on this one of the most exciting days of our lives: I don’t think that things are all that difficult. They’re not COVID difficult. Now I think that you’re dealing with manmade crises. It turns out that one of these manmade crises was easily reversible, as we’ve said over and over again, and told you that when you see stocks in the blast zone rally, it pays to realize that good things, not just bad things can happen too.”For this article, we compiled a list of 9 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 9. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81A caller asked if they should keep Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) and Cramer remarked:“Yeah, definitely keep Chevron. It’s got a 4.6% yield. It keeps buying back stock. You saw the way it bounced off the bottom today…. I think Mike Wirth’s doing a terrific job. The only problem I would tell you is I’m not a bull on oil, but you came to me and you wanted an oil and I come back and I say, if you want an oil, then I like Mike Wirth. I like Chevron.”Chevron (NYSE:CVX) is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation, and refining of oil and gas. It also focuses on manufacturing petrochemicals and renewable fuels. Cramer was similarly bullish on the company last week as he said, “That’s why I say you look at a Chevron. With a really great yield and it’s been a big winner.”Overall, CVX ranks 3rd on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. While we acknowledge the potential of CVX as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CVX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.Auto makers will benefit from dealers ordering cars to beat the Trump tariffs. But they will have a lot pain, too, says an analyst.Let's take a look at the two best-performing Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI) companies to see if they're worth buying today.  UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH) is one of the most resilient stocks on the market.  There was no major company-specific news out on UnitedHealth in March, and investors seem to be returning to the stock after it tumbled following the assassination of one of its executives in December 2024.CVX's Venezuelan oil shipments halted by PDVSA amid payment uncertainty due to U.S. sanctions derails its plans to export oil.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettMany people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
