Title: Citi and BofA earnings, Johnson & Johnson, China blocks Boeing
Date: 2025-04-15 15:15:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/citi-bofa-earnings-johnson-johnson-151532919.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. On today'sMarket Minute,Madison Millsrecaps the trending stories on Wall Street in just 60 seconds. Citigroup (C) and Bank of America (BAC) stocks gain after reporting earnings that beat analyst estimates. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is in focus after reporting earnings results as US President Trump pushes for tariffs on pharmaceutical imports into the US. China reportedly stopped deliveries of Boeing (BA) orders as the US–China trade war continues, according toreporting from Bloomberg. Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, withYahoo Finance's Market Minute. It's time for Yahoo! Finances market minute. Stocks are higher for the third day in a row as investors navigate rapidly changing trade policy with the EU saying it expects most tariffs to remain as negotiations make little progress. Stocks pairing their gains off of that headline, but we did get more bank earnings. City and Bank of America both rising after topping Wall Street's expectations in their latest quarters. The banks reporting increased revenue fueled by booming in trade volume amid the market volatility. Johnson & Johnson shares lower after topping earnings estimates and boosting full-year sales forecast. Meantime, the Trump administration is probing pharmaceutical imports, setting the stage for tariffs on the sector. And Boeing shares are lower as China tells airlines to halt orders of the aerospace giant's jets in the latest escalation of the US-China trade war. That's according to reporting from Bloomberg. And that is your Yahoo! Finance market minute. For more on what's trending, scan the QR code where you can track the best and worst performing stocks of the session. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 7.78% and 1.26%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? Johnson & Johnson is holding its earnings outlook steady despite President Donald Trump signaling he could put tariffs on the pharmaceutical industry. The administration announced earlier it would conduct an investigation into drug imports. That move is widely seen as a first step toward imposing new levies. Earnings and revenue both beat estimates for the quarter. Johnson & Johnson CFO Joe Wolk joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how tariffs could hit the industry and the drug maker's bottom line. Futures edged down Tuesday morning, with the S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Dow trading just below break-even, as investors braced for a flurry of corporate earnings. The muted open followed Monday’s tech-led rally, which briefly masked deeper market jitters tied to tariffs and macro uncertainty. J&J faces several headwinds at the start of the year, including patent expiry, talc litigation, and, now, tariffs. Goldman's Chief China Equity Strategist Kinger Lau explains how to navigate market volatility and the delisting risks for Chinese companies. He also says Goldman is betting on sectors that stand to benefit from Beijing's stimulus measures. Lau was speaking on Bloomberg's The China Show. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend. It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.