Title: Companies Sold Commercial Paper to Boost Cash, JPMorgan Says
Date: 2025-05-05 17:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/companies-piled-commercial-paper-april-161204436.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- Short-term debt issued by corporations surged in April as companies sought to bolster their liquidity in the wake of economic uncertainty wrought by the Trump Administration’s tariff policies, according to strategists at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Most Read from Bloomberg The Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance Center NYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee Law NJ Transit Strike Would Be ‘Disaster’ for Region, Sherrill Says Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch Issuance of non-financial commercial paper swelled by $100 billion last month, which is above the monthly average of $27 billion seen from 2019 to 2024, excluding 2020, JPMorgan strategists led by Teresa Ho wrote in a note to clients on Friday, citing data from the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation. At its peak, the gap between the highest-rated paper — known as Tier 1 — and T-bills stood at the widest level since August 2022. The spread to less credit-worthy paper — known as Tier 2 — reached its widest level since June 2023. “Anecdotally, it appears companies are raising cash as a precautionary measure in response to the heightened uncertainty following Liberation Day,” they wrote. The Trump Administration’s tariff announcement on April 2 unleashed turmoil in the financial markets, with the S&P 500 losing more than 10% in two sessions. The benchmark index reversed course a week later, when the White House delayed most of the duties for 90 days, with the exception of tariffs on China. The uncertainty also caused Treasury yields to soar and sparked a rush for cash. Strategists estimate Tier 1 issuers were the main contributers to the increase, adding about $66 billion in April. The industrial and energy sectors of the S&P 500 led with $18 billion increases in CP issuance, and consumer staples added another $15 billion, according to JPMorgan. Still, JPMorgan strategists noted that current valuations look attractive versus historical averages and the yield pickup between the two tiers “remains compelling for investors willing to step down in credit,” given that the one-month spread between Tier 1 and Tier 2 paper is about 29 basis points on average. “Absent any idiosyncratic events, there’s a reasonable case for yields to move lower and spreads to tighten in the near term, especially if issuers begin to repay the short-term funding raised earlier this month and seasonal paydowns occur in the coming months,” they wrote. (Adds JPMorgan to headline, updates chart) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China 100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump How an Israeli Hostage Negotiator Outsmarts Ransomware Hackers ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. The Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog. Six of the locations are in Massachusetts, along with four each in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, two in New York and one each in New Hampshire and Rhode Island. The bank is leaning into its digital platform. Apple Inc. (AAPL) is exploring how to incorporate AI-powered search engines on its devices — and it’s sending Google’s (GOOGL) share price tumbling. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?