Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Reports Earnings Tomorrow_ What To Expect
2025-04-14 16:17
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-jnj-reports-earnings-161705076.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Multinational healthcare company Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) will be reporting results tomorrow before market open. Here’s what investors should know.Johnson & Johnson met analysts’ revenue expectations last quarter, reporting revenues of $22.52 billion, up 5.3% year on year. It was a satisfactory quarter for the company, with a solid beat of analysts’ organic revenue estimates.Is Johnson & Johnson a buy or sell going into earnings?Read our full analysis here, it’s free.This quarter, analysts are expecting Johnson & Johnson’s revenue to be flat year on year at $21.56 billion, slowing from the 2.3% increase it recorded in the same quarter last year. Adjusted earnings are expected to come in at $2.58 per share.Analysts covering the company have generally reconfirmed their estimates over the last 30 days, suggesting they anticipate the business to stay the course heading into earnings. Johnson & Johnson has missed Wall Street’s revenue estimates four times over the last two years.With Johnson & Johnson being the first among its peers to report earnings this season, we don’t have anywhere else to look to get a hint at how this quarter will unravel for pharmaceuticals stocks. However, the whole sector has been hit hard over the last month as stocks in Johnson & Johnson’s peer group are down 8.5% on average. Johnson & Johnson is down 6% during the same time and is heading into earnings with an average analyst price target of $169.87 (compared to the current share price of $153.50).Here at StockStory, we certainly understand the potential of thematic investing. Diverse winners from Microsoft (MSFT) to Alphabet (GOOG), Coca-Cola (KO) to Monster Beverage (MNST) could all have been identified as promising growth stories with a megatrend driving the growth. So, in that spirit, we’ve identifieda relatively under-the-radar profitable growth stock benefiting from the rise of AI, available to you FREE via this link.Investors need to pay close attention to U.S. Bancorp (USB) stock based on the movements in the options market lately.Decent inflows and a decent rise in profits from deal exits are expected to have supported Blackstone's Q1 earnings.We recently published a list of 10 Best Medical Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other best medical stocks to buy according to billionaires. Why are Healthcare Stocks Under Pressure? Some experts view medical, healthcare, and big […]Investors will seek clarity on the risks posed by tariffs U.S. President Donald Trump plans to impose on the semiconductor industry when computer chip equipment maker ASML reports first-quarter earnings on Wednesday.  Trump spared semiconductor equipment makers like ASML, from the 10% "baseline" tariffs on Sunday, as he prepares a sector-wide tariff on chips.  Net bookings, the most closely watched figure in the industry, are expected to reach 4.89 billion euros ($5.56 billion) in the first quarter of the year, according to estimates compiled by researcher Visible Alpha.ConocoPhillips (COP) closed at $86.45 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.07% move from the prior day.Johnson & Johnson  is scheduled to report its  fiscal first-quarter earnings before markets open on Tuesday, but the company has bigger hurdles to clear than meeting Wall Street’s expectations.  While shares have lagged behind the  for the past three years, J&J remains up 6.7% in 2025 versus the broader market’s 8.1% decline.  Part of the appeal is J&J’s resilience in the face of a potential recession.We recently published a list of Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s Top 10 Stocks Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) stands against other Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s top stock picks with huge upside potential. Wall Street is overflowing with data. If companies […]The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.