Title: Goldman Sachs reports 15% profit growth in Q1 2025
Date: 2025-04-15 12:26
URL: https://www.privatebankerinternational.com/news/goldman-sachs-growth-net-earnings/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Net revenues for Q1 2025 reached $15.06bn, up 6% from $14.21bn in the same quarter of the prior year.
Goldman Sachs Group has reported net earnings of $4.74bn for the first quarter (Q1) of 2025, marking a 15% increase from $4.13bn in Q1 2024.
Net revenues for Q1 2025 reached $15.06bn, up 6% from $14.21bn in the same quarter of the prior year.
The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
The growth was driven by higher net revenues in global banking and markets, which outweighed the slight decline in asset and wealth management revenues.
In Q1 2025, asset and wealth management net revenues were $3.68bn, down 3% from Q1 2024.
Net revenues in Global Banking & Markets were 10% higher year-on-year at $10.71bn, benefitting from growth in Equities.
Equities revenues jumped 27% to $4.2bn, while fixed income, currency and commodities trading revenue increased 2% to $4.4bn.
For the quarter ended 31 March 2025, diluted earnings per share (EPS) were $14.12, compared with $11.58 in the previous year.
Higher transaction and compensation costs led to operating expenses of $9.13bn in Q1 2025, a 5% increase from Q1 2024.
Goldman Sachs chairman and CEO David Solomon said: “Our strong results this quarter have demonstrated that in times of great uncertainty, clients turn to Goldman Sachs for execution and insight.
“While we are entering the second quarter with a markedly different operating environment than earlier this year, we remain confident in our ability to continue to support our clients.”
Recently, Dubai’s Mashreq banking grouppartnered with Goldman Sachs Asset Managementfor discretionary services.
The services will be designed to serve varied investment and income needs, aligning with individual risk appetites.
The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Private Banker In Brief
Private Banker International : Private Banker International Focus (monthly)
Thematic Take (monthly)
I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance withPrivacy Policy
View all newslettersfrom across the GlobalData Media network.
Powered by
© Verdict Media Limited 2025
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
As part of GlobalData's extensive network of websites, this site is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation,  personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services.  Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessiblehere.We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.  We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website.By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’.