Title: US Economy to Lose Billions as Foreign Tourists Stay Away
Date: 2025-04-15 15:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-economy-set-lose-billions-100000258.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) —
The US economy is set to lose billions of dollars in revenue in 2025 from a pullback in foreign tourism and boycotts of American products, adding to a growing list of headwinds keeping recession risk elevated.
Arrivals of non-citizens to the US by plane dropped almost 10% in March from a year earlier, according to data published Monday by the International Trade Administration. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. estimates in a worst-case scenario, the hit this year from reduced travel and boycotts could total 0.3% of gross domestic product, which would amount to almost $90 billion.
Foreign tourism has been a tailwind for the US in recent years as the cessation of pandemic-era restrictions sparked a resurgence of international travel. But many potential visitors are now rethinking their vacation plans amid increased hostility at the border, rising geopolitical frictions and global economic uncertainty.
One of them is Curtis Allen, a Canadian videographer who canceled an upcoming US vacation after President Donald Trump imposed punitive tariffs on his home country and suggested it should become the 51st US state. Allen and his partner have been on multiple camping trips to Oregon over the years, but this year, they will be traveling around British Columbia instead.
“We’re not just staying home,” said Allen, 34. “We’re going to go spend the same money somewhere else.”
Allen’s hesitance doesn’t stop there. He canceled his Netflix subscription and is actively avoiding American imports at the grocery store.
“Now it takes us double the time, because we’re looking at where the products came from,” he said.
International travelers spent a record $254 billion in the US last year, according to ITA figures. Coming into 2025, the outlook was positive: The ITA projected in early March that the US would welcome 77 million visitors this year, just shy of the 2019 record, before pushing to a new high in 2026.
But those estimates came out just before stories of harsh detentions at US airports, ensnaring travelers from countries like France and Germany, started making headlines. Major public institutions in Canada, including a pension management firm and a leading hospital, are now advising staff against traveling to the US.
Almost $20 billion in retail spending from international tourists in the US may be at risk, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence analysis.
Early signs of a sharp pullback are already showing up. Airfares, hotel rates and car rental costs fell in March, according to a monthly Bureau of Labor Statistics report on consumer prices published April 10. Economists at Goldman Sachs and HSBC Holdings Plc said lower demand, including from foreign travelers, probably played a role.
Omair Sharif, president of Inflation Insights, noted the decline in hotel rates was driven by an almost 11% drop in the Northeast in particular, possibly a result of fewer Canadians traveling there.
“Given what we know about how much Canadian travel has fallen off, that’s potentially a bit worrying for that region,” Sharif said.
The timing is “very interesting” for Rainbow Air Helicopter Tours in Niagara Falls — which just invested $25 million in a new building, an enhanced fleet and a virtual reality attraction ahead of the busy summer season — said Patrick Keyes, the firm’s sales and marketing manager. “We are waiting to see the fallout,” he said.
Canadian flight reservations to the US are down 70% through September versus the same period last year, according to a report by OAG Aviation Worldwide. Meanwhile US summer bookings are also down 25% among European tourists at Accor SA hotels — which Chief Executive Officer Sébastien Bazin said could be attributed to border detentions creating a “bad buzz” and diverting tourists to other destinations.
“US tariff announcements and a more aggressive stance toward historical allies have hurt global opinions about the US,” Goldman Sachs economists Joseph Briggs and Megan Peters said in a March 31 report.
“This headwind provides another reason — in addition to the more direct negative impacts of tariffs and drag on exports from foreign retaliation that are already built into our US GDP forecast — why US GDP growth will likely underperform consensus expectations in 2025,” they said.
Despite the worsening outlook, Oregon’s tourism commission — known as Travel Oregon — is continuing efforts to attract foreign visitors, said CEO Todd Davidson. His team just came back from a trip to pitch the state at an adventure tourism conference in Vancouver, and in the coming weeks they will be hosting sales and marketing partners from places like the UK, India and Brazil.
At the same time, they’re also contemplating whether the commission will need to shift its strategy more toward domestic visitors as the situation unfolds.
“Oregon is not and will not take its eye off those international markets,” Davidson said. “We will be here when our international visitors feel that they are ready to return.”
(Updates to add Canada executives advising against US travel in ninth paragraph.)
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Workers should replace 80% of their income for each year of retirement, new research suggests
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend.
Deciding to retire can feel a bit unnerving. Retirees have plenty to potentially worry about – some of which they have no control over – like how the market will perform and how fast prices at the supermarket will increase. But regardless of the economic environment, simple mistakes can prove costly for retirees. Here are […] The post A Successful Retirement May Hinge on Avoiding These Careless Mistakes appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.