Title: Nvidia, defensive consumer plays, Logitech: Trending Tickers
Date: 2025-04-11 15:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nvidia-defensive-consumer-plays-logitech-150202189.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Madison Millsand Yahoo Finance Executive EditorBrian Sozzioutline what's driving interest in some of the trending tickers on Yahoo Finance's platform.
Citi analysts cut their Nvidia (NVDA) price target to $150 per share, citing reduced chip sales in 2025 and 2026 due to the trade war.
Jefferies analysts outline their top defensive retail and consumer-facing picks, including Uber (UBER), Exxon (XOM), McDonald's (MCD), and Netflix (NFLX).
Logitech (LOGI) withdraws its full-year 2026 guidance, citing tariff uncertainty.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalystshere.
It's now time for some of today's trending tickers. We're watching concerns for Nvidia GPU sales, some defensive plays and Logitech withdrawing its 2026 outlook. Let's get into it. First up, shares of Nvidia ticking higher about an hour into your trading day, up a little over 3/10 of a percent right now. City analyst cutting their Nvidia price target to $150, maintaining a buy rating. City also revising their estimates for GPU sales down by 3% for 2025 and 2026. Analysts saying the trade war could put enterprise AI projects and hyperscalar CAPEX at risk. Joining me to discuss for a moment, Brian Sozzi is still here with us. And Brian, I think what's interesting at least when I talked to my sources of the likes of Amazon, for example, they have said there has been no downturn in demand for AI, for chips. And it's interesting to hear this call coming out for, uh, Nvidia on the back of that.
Why this call sticks with me, Madison, is because it is really the first estimate cuts or downgrade I have seen on Nvidia really, at all, even since its last earnings report, because the company was heavily, heavily defended after its earnings report. So, uh, it's an immediate flag for me. Has me thinking is demand starting to slow down in video. Uh, also, keep in mind, go to the ticker page on Yahoo Finance for Nvidia, click on analysis, you can see the street remains very, very bullish. So if this is the first sign to come, you theoretically could see, uh, a leg down, another leg down in Nvidia as the street cuts estimates and potentially cuts its rating. So, uh, I give this analyst a credit. Uh, he's the first, but he may not be the last.
He certainly may not. But let's talk about some other calls this morning. Jefferies out this morning with some of their top plays for tariff uncertainty with what they say is a balance of risk and safety for the unsteady market. The note includes a range of consumer-facing names ranging from Uber to Exxon and McDonald's. And Sozzi, I know you had an interesting response to some of these calls.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't really agree with most of them. Uh, yeah, there we go. Uh, I don't agree that Uber is a recession-resistant play. I just don't see it. Now, they are bullish on Netflix. I get it. I don't think the economy is going to come to a point where we're cutting our Netflix subscriptions. One I do agree with, I agree with McDonald's as consumers trade down. Uh, McDonald's historically during recessions does pretty well financially, uh, and I believe stock price too, uh, as well. But again, I think this note, I appreciate what Jefferies is trying to do here. Uh, I look at Exxon. I mean, oil prices have plunged. Not sure how Exxon is going to do amazing things come earning season with oil prices off the highs. So, uh, I'm poking a couple, couple pins in this one.
Yeah. Price of oil per barrel right now doesn't even cover the cost of production. So an interesting call as the.
That's a stocks in translation right there. Buddy, I mean.
There you go. We'll pitch it for next week. We'll see. We'll see. All right, finally, Logitech withdrawing its fiscal year 2026 outlook due to uncertainty. That's a sentence you're going to be hearing a lot from us this quarter. Logitech reaffirming its outlook for fiscal year 2025, which did end on March 31st. The company, which produces computer accessories and software, just the latest to withdraw its forward guidance following Delta Airlines and also Walmart. Sozzi, two, we're going to keep playing.
You want to go old? I remember Madison, I remember the first camera that I had was like this circular ball from Logitech. It went on like my compact Presario. I mean, this thing was awesome. But why this bothers me from Logitech is because 40% of their production comes from one plant out in China. They have exposure to Vietnam, but I think this is the first sign of weakness in the computer, uh, not only the component parts, but also computer makers. It's an HP, uh, it's a Dell. Uh, so, uh, there's more than me. This is not just a Logitech thing. All these companies rely on China, Vietnam, Malaysia for parts. So if Logitech is warning, best believe you could see pressure on these other companies.
And also, for our audience, you can scan the QR code here to track the best and worst performing stocks of the session with Yahoo Finances trending tickers page.
President Donald Trump's decision to impose sweeping tariffs on imports from nearly every country in the world has resulted in one of the worst quarters for the U.S. stock market in years.  In this now-shaky macro environment, those who wish to buy stock may want to start by looking for companies that might not be as affected by a trade war due to the nature of their businesses.  Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX) and Visa (NYSE: V) are two great examples which fit that bill, but aren't just "tariff plays."
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.