Title: McDonald's, Starbucks, and other US chains could face anti-American pushback, Wall Street fears
Date: 2025-04-08 20:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-starbucks-and-other-us-chains-could-face-anti-american-pushback-wall-street-fears-200300110.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season As companies scramble to respond to Trump's wide-ranging reciprocal tariffs, anti-American sentiment towards US brands is emerging as another concern. A baseline tariff of 10% went into effect on April 5, while higher reciprocal tariffs are set to begin on April 9. For food chains, the headwind from tariffs on commodity imports is relatively small, as many ingredients are domestically grown and most imports from Canada and Mexico are exempt under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA). But brands like McDonald's (MCD), Yum! Brands (YUM), Starbucks (SBUX), and Domino's (DPZ) have exposure to international markets that could hurt them as customers pull back, BTIG analyst Peter Saleh said. "The bigger issue, in my mind, is the anti-American pushback in these countries on Western or US brands ... we'll see ... what companies say when they start reporting in the next couple of weeks, if they're starting to see that already," Saleh told Yahoo Finance. Goldman Sachs estimates that foreign boycotts overall will cut US GDP by 0.1% to 0.3% this year, meaning a hit of roughly $28 billion to $83 billion. Major fast food players were only beginning to turn the tide in their international business after the pandemic. China's "zero-COVID policy" lasted for three years, far longer than US policies. The stringent, prolonged shutdown had major implications for international sales. Last quarter, McDonald's global same-store sales grew 0.4%, compared to the 0.91% decrease that Wall Street expected. Its US same-store sales were down 1.4% year over year, as an E. coli outbreak offset momentum in late October. McDonald's international-owned stores saw positive same-store sales growth in the Middle East, which CFO Ian Borden attributed to the lapse of the impact of the Israeli conflict, plus growth in Japan and "encouraging signs of stabilization" in China. Starbucks is still struggling to see a rebound in its international business. For its Q1 results, total same-store sales was down 4% year over year. International same-store sales fell 4%, and China sales dropped 6%. Starbucks is facing a stagnant domestic economy and fierce local competition in China. CEO Brian Niccol said he visited and saw firsthand "how dynamic the market is and the opportunities ahead." Prior to Niccol joining, the team said it was in the "very early stages" of exploring joint ventures and strategic partnerships in technology, real estate, and supply chain in the country. For Yum China (YUMC), which separated from the US operation back in 2016, fourth quarter same-store sales fell 1% for KFC and 2% for Pizza Hut. CEO Joey Wat called it a "challenging environment" with "value-minded consumers." Domino's global retail sales grew 4.4% in its latest quarter. CFO Sandeep Reddy told investors, "As we look ahead to 2025, we continue to believe that global retail sales growth should be generally in line with 2024." International growth is a key component for fast food players, which have seen flagging foot traffic and appetite in the US as competition from fast casual players like Chipotle (CMG) ramp up. McDonald's put forth aggressive growth plans at the end of 2023, including expanding to 50,000 global restaurants by 2027, the fastest pace of growth in its 68-year history. That same year, it agreed to buy back Carlyle's minority ownership stake in its China business for a reported $1.8 billion. By 2025, Starbucks said it wanted to have 9,000 stores in China. As of the last quarter, the US and China make up 61% of the company's portfolio, with 17,049 and 7,685 stores in the two countries, respectively. Chipotle (CMG) is also expanding its footprint. In 2023, it announced a development agreement to open restaurants in the Middle East and accelerate its international expansion efforts. Yum! Brands' Taco Bell called international its "next growth engine" at its investor day last month, with plans to increase international store count to more than 3,000 by 2030, from 1,153 in 2024. But there could be a major speed bump ahead. "If the governments in those countries start to view US brands more negatively, they can slow-roll their approval process. They can deny them in certain areas, make it much more difficult for US brands to grow," Saleh said. He added that it's "hard to assess" when it'll be the case. "There could be some ... call it guilt by association," Tematica Research chief investment officer Chris Versace told Yahoo Finance. "The appetite for certain US brands could be diminished as a result of what we're seeing play out on the global economic and trade front." He added, "Take a look at what we're seeing with Elon Musk and Tesla, where people are ... openly protesting, people returning their Teslas." He posed the question, "Could we see something similar unfold with other well-known US brands in foreign markets?" — Brooke DiPalma is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @BrookeDiPalma or email her at bdipalma@yahoofinance.com. Click here for all of the latest retail stock news and events to better inform your investing strategy (Bloomberg) -- Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers warned that the US is now likely headed toward a recession, with potentially 2 million Americans put out of work, thanks to the tariff increases now in train.Most Read from BloombergThe Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World NeedsTrump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, HousingThis Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One SideIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapBoston Ma America's largest retailer is still trying to figure out the full hit of tariffs to its balance sheet. President Trump's tariffs raised the question: Amid the market sell-off, would mortgage rates come down? Apparently not. Mortgage rates are rising alongside Treasury yields. Follow the latest tariffs coverage in our live blog An apparent rift between Trump advisers Elon Musk and Peter Navarro continued on Tuesday. If you can stomach it, the time to go bargain hunting is when most other investors are panic-selling. A new report finds that Detroit’s Big Three are actually the most exposed to President Trump’s 25% auto tariffs on foreign-made cars. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Stocks Benefiting From Tariff Selloff & Discusses These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Thursday, Jim Cramer […] Chinese producers of plastic Christmas trees and other festive decorations say orders from U.S. clients, which are crucial for their business, should have started to come in by now.  U.S. President Donald Trump has raised tariffs on Chinese imports by 104%so far this year in an escalating trade war that threatens great pain for the world's largest exporter of manufactured goods.  U.S. retailers are almost completely reliant on China for Christmas decorations, where they source 87% of such goods - worth roughly $4 billion. Both C and WFC's progress with strategic initiatives to unlock growth looks encouraging. Read on to know which is a better investment option now. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
