Title: Reflecting On Traditional Fast Food Stocks’ Q4 Earnings_ Arcos Dorados (NYSE_ARCO)
Date: 2025-04-15 09:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/reflecting-traditional-fast-food-stocks-090622063.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: The end of an earnings season can be a great time to discover new stocks and assess how companies are handling the current business environment. Let’s take a look at how Arcos Dorados (NYSE:ARCO) and the rest of the traditional fast food stocks fared in Q4. Traditional fast-food restaurants are renowned for their speed and convenience, boasting menus filled with familiar and budget-friendly items. Their reputations for on-the-go consumption make them favored destinations for individuals and families needing a quick meal. This class of restaurants, however, is fighting the perception that their meals are unhealthy and made with inferior ingredients, a battle that's especially relevant today given the consumers increasing focus on health and wellness. The 14 traditional fast food stocks we track reported a satisfactory Q4. As a group, revenues were in line with analysts’ consensus estimates. Amidst this news, share prices of the companies have had a rough stretch. On average, they are down 11.2% since the latest earnings results. Translating to “Golden Arches” in Spanish, Arcos Dorados (NYSE:ARCO) is the master franchisee of the McDonald's brand in Latin America and the Caribbean, responsible for its operations and growth in over 20 countries. Arcos Dorados reported revenues of $1.14 billion, down 2.7% year on year. This print fell short of analysts’ expectations by 2.7%, but it was still a strong quarter for the company with a solid beat of analysts’ EBITDA estimates and an impressive beat of analysts’ same-store sales estimates. Arcos Dorados delivered the weakest performance against analyst estimates of the whole group. The stock is down 7.1% since reporting and currently trades at $7.22. Is now the time to buy Arcos Dorados?Access our full analysis of the earnings results here, it’s free. Started in 1992 by two brothers as a single pushcart, Dutch Bros (NYSE:BROS) is a dynamic coffee chain that’s captured the hearts of coffee enthusiasts across the United States. Dutch Bros reported revenues of $342.8 million, up 34.9% year on year, outperforming analysts’ expectations by 7.6%. The business had an exceptional quarter with a solid beat of analysts’ EPS estimates and an impressive beat of analysts’ EBITDA estimates. Dutch Bros pulled off the biggest analyst estimates beat, fastest revenue growth, and highest full-year guidance raise among its peers. The stock is down 10.2% since reporting. It currently trades at $58.12. Is now the time to buy Dutch Bros?Access our full analysis of the earnings results here, it’s free.

