Title: McDonald's (MCD) Sees Largest U.S. Sales Drop Since Pandemic as Tariffs Squeeze Consumers
Date: 2025-05-02 12:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-mcd-sees-largest-u-122454852.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's (MCD, Financials) posted a 3.6% drop in U.S. same-store sales in Q1 2025 its steepest decline since the early days of the pandemic as more customers, especially from lower-income groups, cut back on spending.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Sign with META.
The 3.6% decline in U.S. sales reflects the company's first major stumble in years. It comes as economic uncertainty, largely tied to tariffs, weighs on everyday spending.
CEO Chris Kempczinski said on the earnings call that heightened anxiety around the economy is hitting lower-income diners the hardest. Foot traffic was lower than expected, and the company isn't immune to the broader pressures in the industry.
Shifting trade policies under President Trump's administration have left both businesses and consumers second-guessing their next moves. Companies are hitting pause on new orders, and shoppers are watching prices more closely.
This slowdown comes as economists warn of a potential recession in 2025. With tariffs threatening to push prices higher, companies like McDonald's are starting to feel the pinch on both ends from cautious customers and from rising input costs.
The company said it's keeping a close eye on consumer behavior heading into Q2, especially as policy uncertainty and economic concerns linger.
Explore the Peter Lynch chart for MCD.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
Middle-class and lower-income Americans are in belt-tightening mode.  McDonald’s reported its worst sales since the pandemic for established U.S. restaurants, after anxious middle- and low-income diners cut their spending.  “People are just being more judicious,” McDonald’s Chief Executive  Chris Kempczinski  told investors Thursday.
First-quarter net income declined to $1.87bn from the previous year's $1.93bn.
Chevron Corp.&nbsp;Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;Mike Wirth says the oil and gas giant had a very strong quarter even though oil prices were flat. Wirth says the company is ramping up production in the Gulf of America and he expects to see great output. Wirth also says he's confident Chevron will be able to close the $53 billion deal to buy Hess Corp. He speaks to Bloomberg's Alix Steel.
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Short-term loans are great for emergencies and seasonal changes but aren’t cheap.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio