McDonald's (MCD) Q1 Earnings_ How Key Metrics Compare to Wall Street Estimates
2025-05-01 13-30
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-mcd-q1-earnings-key-133039567.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's (MCD) reported $5.96 billion in revenue for the quarter ended March 2025, representing a year-over-year decline of 3.5%. EPS of $2.67 for the same period compares to $2.70 a year ago.
The reported revenue represents a surprise of -2.12% over the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $6.08 billion. With the consensus EPS estimate being $2.64, the EPS surprise was +1.14%.
While investors closely watch year-over-year changes in headline numbers -- revenue and earnings -- and how they compare to Wall Street expectations to determine their next course of action, some key metrics always provide a better insight into a company's underlying performance.
Since these metrics play a crucial role in driving the top- and bottom-line numbers, comparing them with the year-ago numbers and what analysts estimated about them helps investors better project a stock's price performance.
Here is how McDonald's performed in the just reported quarter in terms of the metrics most widely monitored and projected by Wall Street analysts:
Comparable sales growth - U.S. - YoY change: -3.6% versus -1% estimated by 10 analysts on average.
Comparable sales growth - International Operated Markets - YoY change: -1% compared to the 0.5% average estimate based on 10 analysts.
Comparable sales growth - International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate - YoY change: 3.5% versus 3% estimated by 10 analysts on average.
Systemwide restaurants - Total Systemwide: 43,756 compared to the 43,738 average estimate based on nine analysts.
Revenues- Company-owned and operated sales- Total: $2.13 billion compared to the $2.24 billion average estimate based on 10 analysts. The reported number represents a change of -9.5% year over year.
Revenues- Franchised revenues- Total: $3.66 billion versus $3.74 billion estimated by 10 analysts on average. Compared to the year-ago quarter, this number represents a -1.7% change.
Revenues- Total Other revenues: $162 million versus $112.86 million estimated by eight analysts on average. Compared to the year-ago quarter, this number represents a +78% change.
Revenues- Company-owned and operated sales- International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate: $99 million versus $161.31 million estimated by six analysts on average. Compared to the year-ago quarter, this number represents a -53.3% change.
Revenues- Franchised revenues- International Operated Markets: $1.55 billion versus the six-analyst average estimate of $1.57 billion. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of -2%.
Revenues- Company-owned and operated sales- U.S. $724 million versus the six-analyst average estimate of $755.20 million. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of -7.3%.
Revenues- Company-owned and operated sales- International Operated Markets: $1.31 billion compared to the $1.35 billion average estimate based on six analysts. The reported number represents a change of -3.9% year over year.
Revenues- Total Company-owned and operated sales and Franchised revenues- International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate: $528 million versus the six-analyst average estimate of $602.83 million. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of -15%.
View all Key Company Metrics for McDonald's here>>>Shares of McDonald's have returned +2.6% over the past month versus the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -0.7% change. The stock currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), indicating that it could perform in line with the broader market in the near term.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
MCD's first-quarter 2025 results hurt by decline in comparable guest counts.
CVS Health delivers earnings and revenue beat in the first quarter of 2025.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for CVS Health (CVS) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Meta Platforms grew sales at a faster pace than most investors had expected, and earnings topped the consensus forecast among investors by more than $1 per share.  Founder/CEO Mark Zuckerberg heralded the progress that Meta is making on the artificial intelligence front.  Meta expects to spend more than previously forecast on capital expenditures during 2025 as it boosts investment on data centers and infrastructure hardware to support its AI efforts.
Eli Lilly (LLY) slashed its full-year earnings outlook on Thursday due to acquisition-related charge
CVS Health hiked its 2025 forecast above Wall Street’s expectations after improving Medicare benefits contributed to a better-than-expected first quarter.  The health care giant said Thursday that it also got a boost from better star ratings for its Medicare Advantage plans, which are privately run versions of the federal government coverage program.  CVS Health and other health insurance providers have been struggling for several quarters now with rising costs from their Medicare Advantage customers.
Apple stock was dropping early on Thursday as the market braces for its earnings report after the market close and digests a potential criminal contempt charge for the iPhone maker.  Apple shares were down 1.4% in premarket trading.  The drop comes after a U.S. District Judge rebuked Apple, saying it ignored an injunction tied to the company’s U.S. App Store, and referred the case to the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of California for possible criminal contempt charges.
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.
Eli Lilly topped expectations Thursday, but shares tumbled after CVS selected Novo Nordisk's Wegovy as its preferred weight-loss drug.