McDonald's store traffic falls unexpectedly to start the year as diners grow increasingly uneasy ove
2025-05-01 11-06
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-store-traffic-falls-unexpectedly-110628928.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
CHICAGO (AP) — McDonald's store traffic falls unexpectedly to start the year as diners grow increasingly uneasy over the economy.
McDonald's shares moved lower Thursday after the fast-food giant's first-quarter revenue and comparable sales came up short of analysts' estimates.
Conestoga Capital Advisors, an asset management company, released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Equity markets started the year with a rally due to optimism about a strong economy and expectations of moderating inflation and lower interest rates. However, concerns over slowing earnings from major Technology companies, geopolitical […]
Conestoga Capital Advisors, an asset management company, released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Equity markets started the year with a rally due to optimism about a strong economy and expectations of moderating inflation and lower interest rates. However, concerns over slowing earnings from major Technology companies, geopolitical […]
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.
The fast-food giant’s patrons are “grappling with uncertainty” as spending slows at several restaurant chains.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Sprouts Farmers (SFM) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
McDonald's posted a surprise drop in first-quarter global comparable sales on Thursday, as demand from cash-strapped diners in the U.S. and Europe faltered on uncertainty sparked by chaotic tariffs.  The world's largest fast-food chain is navigating the "toughest of market conditions", CEO Chris Kempczinski said as restaurant visits by lower- and middle-income customers fell in double-digit range from last year.  The results echoed warnings from restaurant operators Domino's Pizza, Chipotle Mexican Grill and Starbucks that Americans were spending less to dine out as inflation and bleak economic outlook dent consumer confidence.
(Reuters) -Moderna on Thursday pushed back the time frame for likely approval of a combination vaccine meant to protect against both COVID-19 and influenza, but said exchanges with U.S. drug regulators have remained constructive under Health Secretary and vaccine skeptic Robert F. Kennedy Jr.  The U.S. vaccine maker reported first-quarter profit and sales that beat Wall Street estimates, as the company's cost-cutting efforts offset some of the waning post-pandemic demand for its COVID shot.  The company's shares, which have been battered by declining COVID revenue as well as political concerns spurred by Kennedy's appointment, fell 3.3% to $27.60 in morning trading.
McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE:MCD) owns, operates, and franchises restaurants under the McDonald's brand in the U.S. and internationally. It will report its Q1 2025 earnings on May 1. Wall Street analysts expect the company to post EPS of $2.68, down from ...