McDonald's US sales slump as low, middle-income consumers feel 'heightened anxiety'
2025-05-01 11-01
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-us-sales-slump-as-low-middle-income-consumers-feel-heightened-anxiety-110133999.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's (MCD) reported first quarter earnings that missed Wall Street expectations on Thursday, as a drop in sales and traffic in the US weighed on results at the fast food giant.
McDonald's reported first quarter revenue of $5.96 billion, which came in below the $6.12 billion expected, according to Bloomberg data. This marked a 3% decline from the prior year period.
Global comparable sales — or sales at restaurants in operation for more than one year — fell 1%, led by a 3.6% drop in US same-store sales as fewer customers visited McDonald's in its home country. Wall Street analysts had, on average, expected global comparable sales to rise 0.5% and US sales to fall a more modest 1%.
Read more about McDonald's stock moves and today's market action.
"During the first quarter, geopolitical tensions added to the economic uncertainty and dampened consumer sentiment more than we expected," said CEO Chris Kempczinski in a call with analysts following the results.
Kempczinski said traffic from low-income consumers fell "nearly double digits versus the prior quarter" and that from middle-income customers fell "nearly as much," while visits from high-income consumers "remained solid."
Adjusted earnings per share tallied $2.67 in the quarter, a penny below the $2.68 expected. McDonald's stock dropped 1.9% Thursday following the results.
The CEO said the divide illustrated "the divided US economy where low- and middle-income consumers are being particularly weighed down by the cumulative impact of inflation and heightened anxiety about the economic outlook."
"Overall the results did not surprise us — we have been flagging the consumer weakness that disproportionately impacts the lower income consumers — McDonald's core customer cohorts," wrote Bernstein analyst Danilo Gargiulo following the report. Gargiulo holds a Market Perform rating on the stock.
President Trump's trade policies have dragged down consumer sentiment, pushed inflation expectations to their highest levels since the 1980s, and raised fears of an impending recession. On Wednesday, data showed the US economy contracted for the first time in three years during the first three months of 2025.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
The challenging economic environment for consumers has weighed on McDonald's and its fast food peers. In February, McDonald's fourth quarter earnings missed Wall Street's estimates.
On Thursday, the company reaffirmed its 2025 fiscal year financial targets.
Wall Street had hoped the American fast food giant would show signs of stabilizing after a lackluster performance in the fourth quarter as the company faced declining sales and an E. coli outbreak. Those results marked a "low point in recent history for the brand," Citi analyst Jon Tower noted at the time.
McDonald's has sought to stave off competition by introducing new deals over the past year as customers looked to save money by eating at home and rivals launched value offerings.
That includes a $5 meal deal last summer and the company's McValue menu launched in January. Analysts have said the results of the chain's value offerings likely won't show up until the second half of the year.
But with the stock outperforming so far this year — up 10% against a roughly 5% drop for the S&P 500 (^GSPC) — investors were optimistic that results would be able to hold up in what has become an increasingly challenging consumer environment.
Analysts at UBS, HSBC, and Morgan Stanley have called McDonald's a "defensive" stock pick in recent notes to investors.
Still, the company could face pressures abroad, with anti-American sentiment toward some US brands on the rise as a result of Trump's trade war. More than half of the chain's revenue comes from abroad, and China is its second-largest and fastest-growing market.
The chain reported that same-store sales in its international developmental licensed markets segment — which includes 75 international markets such as Japan, China, and Brazil — rose 3.5%, ahead of the 3.3% expected by Wall Street analysts.
The rise was driven by the Middle East and Japan, the company said. McDonald's CFO Ian Borden told analysts that "performance remained stable" in China.
At the same time, comparable sales in its international operated markets — which include 16 markets such as Canada, Australia, UK, France, and Germany — fell 1%, driven by declining sales in the UK. Analysts had expected the company's same-store sales in these markets to rise a modest 0.3%.
Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
The e-commerce giant, which is upping its high-end game, said it’s prepared for disruptions from tariffs.
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
Annaly (NLY) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.41% and 46.22%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said Thursday that the bond market is signaling that the Federal Reserve should be cutting rates.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was inspired by […]
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowUS President Donald Trump’s administration has been seeking contact with Beijing to initiat
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Fast Food Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against the other fast food stocks. Fast food stocks are businesses that run quick-service restaurants. These stocks can be a smart option to invest in the […]
Evaluate the expected performance of Estee Lauder (EL) for the quarter ended March 2025, looking beyond the conventional Wall Street top-and-bottom-line estimates and examining some of its key metrics for better insight.
(Bloomberg) -- Key House Republicans on Thursday discussed ways to direct an expanded state and local tax deduction to those making less than $400,000 as they seek to balance the cost of the tax break with the political needs of several lawmakers from New York and other high-tax states. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNY
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...