McDonald's Quarterly Same-Store Sales Unexpectedly Decline as Macro Uncertainties Weigh on Consumers
2025-05-01 14-54
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonald-apos-quarterly-same-store-145410251.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
The headline numbers for McDonald's (MCD) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
CVS Health (CVS) on Thursday raised its full-year earnings outlook as the healthcare company reporte
Eli Lilly (LLY) slashed its full-year earnings outlook on Thursday due to acquisition-related charge
General Motors (GM) on Thursday lowered its full-year earnings outlook to reflect a $4 billion to $5
Meta Platforms jumps after reporting better-than-expected first-quarter 2025 results. We highlight five ETFs to tap the growth.
The fast-food giant’s patrons are “grappling with uncertainty” as spending slows at several restaurant chains.
The headline numbers for Insight Enterprises (NSIT) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Meta Platforms (META), Spotify (SPOT), Garmin (GRMN) and Match (MTCH) are among the companies launching the Coalition for a Competitive Mobile Experience, a lobbying coalition to take on Apple (AAPL) and Alphabet (GOOG) (GOOGL) as legislation to require age verification gains momentum amid rising public concern over minors’ online access to inappropriate material. The group will lobby federal and state policymakers to enact legislation cracking down on the smartphone companies’ business practice
MCD's first-quarter 2025 results hurt by decline in comparable guest counts.
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.