Title: ‘72-Hour Rule’: Debt Investors Take Fright at Trump’s Social Media Deluge
Date: 2025-05-02 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/72-hour-rule-debt-investors-110028246.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Waiting three days to see whether he U-turns before making trades. Rushing bond sales through before he wakes up and starts posting. Shifting lending to tariff-proof tinned-food producers or cellphone providers.
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
These are all ways that battle-scarred credit investors and bond arrangers are desperately trying to navigate the constant barrage of policy bombshells from President Donald Trump’s social-media account.
More than a dozen lenders and debt bankers spoken to by Bloomberg, most of whom asked to stay anonymous discussing commercially sensitive information, said they’d been forced into a series of defensive moves after many were burned by initial efforts to treat Trump’s pronouncements with full seriousness.
When he posted about a 200% tariff on European wine, for example, a host of investment banks started doing over-the counter trades on potentially affected companies at below market price to get ahead of the crowd, according to a person with knowledge of the situation. This included the bonds of packaging specialists Ardagh Group SA and Verallia, and Italian label maker Fedrigoni SpA.
But in a few days, the downward lurch in these bond prices was completely erased after it became clear the threat wasn’t real. When tariffs were announced there was no mention of wine.
It wasn’t an isolated case in credit markets as Trump negotiates via social media and “floods the zone” with often contradictory messages. A threat to impose 50% tariffs on Canadian steel was also swiftly abandoned.
Some banks and investors have started adopting a “72-hour rule” after all Trump missives, according to three senior debt financiers, believing that a policy might actually come into place if he still hasn’t changed tack by then.
Markets whipsawed last month after Trump said he’d impose once-in-a-century tariffs on allies and enemies alike. A savage selloff, particularly in US stocks and Treasuries, pushed him to pause for 90 days on all countries other than China, triggering a relief rally that helped wipe out some, but not all, losses.
“We don’t act immediately anymore because there’s always the risk of a reversal. I think we’re becoming immune to some of it,” said Catherine Braganza, a portfolio manager at Insight Investment, who pointed out that Europe’s junk-bond market has recovered almost entirely after suffering one of the worst routs in years in early April.
Credit has rebounded more than other asset classes but it’s still impossible for corporate-debt buyers to assume that will remain the case — cranking up the pressure on a crucial source of business investment just as economists estimate a 45% chance of a Trump-induced recession over the next year.
S&P Global Ratings has even started adding a note to many of its assessments of borrowers’ creditworthiness, citing the “high degree of unpredictability around policy implementation by the US” and warning that as a result its “baseline forecasts carry a significant amount of uncertainty.”
Podcast: Fridson Sees High Yield Going Distressed in a Recession
Being in non-US timezones can open up a route to surviving the wild policy swings. In Europe, bankers are accelerating the bond-sale process to try to have details wrapped up and investors locked in before Trump wakes up and starts posting. And to stay ahead of volatile US markets that can derail sentiment.
“Everyone is acutely aware of the 24 hours of headline risk with the frequency increasing during US hours,” said Matteo Benedetto, Morgan Stanley’s EMEA co-head of investment grade syndicate. “It’s definitely better to wrap up a deal before the New York session starts.”
Irish telecoms company Eircom Finance DAC announced a bond sale, held investor calls and priced the deal all on the same day, a rare event in the junk market. Higher up the ratings spectrum, luxury titan LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE set the final terms of a €1.9 billion ($2.15 billion) two-part deal before 1pm local time, locking them in before the US market open. That’s a degree of urgency not usually warranted for a blue-chip giant.
“We’re having to be thoughtful with regards to market exposure and prioritizing the efficiency of the process and timeline of execution; having to work with the two market opens in Europe and the US,” said James Cunniffe, HSBC Holdings’ head of corporate- and structured-debt capital markets syndicate for Europe.
With many companies — running from General Motors and Mercedes to McDonald’s and Procter & Gamble — either pulling earnings guidance or reporting lower sales, some debt investors are turning to non-cyclical, everyday businesses, better able to survive a lasting shift in American tariffs. Braganza’s firm Insight is looking at anything from tinned-tomato producers to cellphone service providers.
“People don’t stop cooking because of tariffs, and they’re not going to get rid of their mobile phones,” she said.
Others say debt buyers need to get back to basics by focusing on business fundamentals and core valuations, although that’s easier said than done when supply chains are so intertwined. PepsiCo has lowered its 2025 forecast and is facing higher supply-chain costs because of tariffs.
Reacting to Trump’s posts is “more of an art than a science,” Fabiana Fedeli, global chief investment officer for equities, multi asset and sustainability at M&G Investments, said at a recent roundtable event.
Foreign Funds Sour on US Corporate Bonds as Trump Sows Chaos
Blue Owl-Owned Stack Seeks $833 Million Loan for Asia Growth
Whirlpool’s Ratings Cut to Junk by S&P Amid Revenue Pressure
KKR Seeks to Cash In on Trump’s Tariff-Driven Market Volatility
Apollo Raises $5.4 Billion Fund for Secondhand Private Equity Deals
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
How an Israeli Hostage Negotiator Outsmarts Ransomware Hackers
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the growing amount […]
(Reuters) -Tesla's sales plunged across Europe in April, including an 81% drop in Sweden to their lowest level in 2-1/2 years, data showed on Friday, as Europeans buy more Chinese EVs and some protest against CEO Elon Musk's political views.  The automaker's sales have dropped for four straight months across much of Europe.  For the first quarter, sales of all fully-electric cars rose 28% in Europe while Tesla's sales slumped 37.2%.
Companies with a long history of paying dividends and consistently hiking them remain appealing to income-focused investors. Cadence Bank, Essential Utilities, and Morgan Stanley have rewarded shareholders for years and recently announced dividend ...
We recently published an article titled Charles Akre’s and John Neff’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE:KKR) stands against the other stocks with huge upside potential according to Charles Akre and John Neff. The current market environment […]
General Motors has delivered its first estimate of the impact of President Trump’s tariffs this year: $4 billion to $5 billion.  The largest U.S. automaker imports almost half of the vehicles it sells in the country, mostly from Mexico, Canada and South Korea.  GM now expects an adjusted operating profit of $10 billion to $12.5 billion this year, down from a previous range of $13.7 billion to $15.7 billion.
The motorcycle maker pulled its guidance for the year, blaming uncertainty over tariffs and the broader economy.
General Motors CEO Mary Barra said the automaker was working to bring production back to the U.S. after the company cut its 2025 outlook to account for a $4 billion to $5 billion dent from tariffs.
A surge in imports to get ahead of tariffs was mainly to blame, though consumer spending also slowed.  The economic outlook is highly unclear from here.  The drag on GDP from imports should be reversed as merchants run down inventories, but tariffs could then start to boost costs in earnest.
General Motors is lowering its profit expectations for the year as the carmaker braces for a potential impact from auto tariffs as high as $5 billion in 2025.  GM announced early this week that it was reassessing its expectations for 2025 due to tariffs.  The company said at the time that its initial full-year financial outlook didn’t contemplate their potential impact.
Uncertainty continues to hang over the latest round of financial results and forecasts for companies both big and small as they try to navigate a global trade system severely shaken by a shift in U.S. policy.  Roughly half of the companies in the S&P 500 have reported their latest quarterly financial results, but the focus has been on how they will adjust to tariffs and any change in consumers’ behavior.  General Motors trimmed one of its profit measures as the carmaker braces for the potential impact from auto tariffs.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio