Tariff Twist Sends Nvidia Soaring--But Trump's Next Move Could Slam the Brakes
2025-04-14 17:11
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tariff-twist-sends-nvidia-soaring-171137456.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is back in the spotlight, jumping nearly 3% at 9.30am today, as chip stocks rebounded Monday on the back of a surprise tariff exemption. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection issued a temporary pass for semiconductors, smartphones, laptops, and related electronicsgiving the sector a moment to breathe. Nvidia surged to $110.71 in after-hours trading, following a strong Friday session. AMD (NASDAQ:AMD) and Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) also saw early gains, rising 4% and 1.9%, respectively, at the same time, as investors repositioned around the latest policy signals.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA.But don't pop the champagne just yet. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick warned that this exemption is short-lived, with fresh tariffs targeting the same electronics expected in the coming months. And Trump made it loud and clear on Truth Social: semiconductors and the entire electronics supply chain are next in line for national security tariff probes. This adds a thick layer of uncertainty to what was already a shaky macro backdropespecially for names like Nvidia, which sit at the heart of the AI and hardware boom.Still, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang doesn't seem rattled. At the GTC conference, he signaled that the company expects minimal disruption, thanks in part to plans to ramp up domestic production. He also downplayed recession risks, suggesting Nvidia is well-positioned regardless of where the broader economy heads. For now, investors appear to agreeleaning into Nvidia's leadership and resilience, even as clouds gather on the horizon.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in.Intentionally overdramatizing, Dory Wiley, the CEO of Commerce Street Holdings, told Schwab Network recently, that “You’d kill to buy Nvidia (NVDA)” for prices in the low-$90 range. Wiley believes that Nvidia’s exposure to tariffs is quite low, while its valuation is attractive. During the same segment, Wiley praised JPMorgan (JPM) and its first-quarter results which […]President Donald Trump is weighing possible exemptions to his tariffs on imported vehicles and parts to provide auto companies with more time to set up US manufacturing. Trump imposed a 25% tariff on auto, with duties on parts set to take effect no later than May 3. Tyler Kendall reports on Bloomberg Television.President Trump claimed victory on Nvidia after the company announced it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S. because of his imposed tariffs. “They’re coming here in the biggest way, with hundreds of billions of dollars, not like millions of dollars, hundreds of billions of dollars and I’m honored by it.Nvidia will build Blackwell chips in Arizona and AI supercomputers in Texas to meet surging AI demand.Wall Street had its best week since 2023 despite the tariff-led volatility.Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
