Title: Is Arcos Dorados Holdings (ARCO) Among the Top Restaurant Stocks to Buy Under $20_
Date: 2025-04-15 20:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/arcos-dorados-holdings-arco-among-200011245.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: We recently published a list ofTop 10 Restaurant Stocks to Buy Under $20. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ARCO) stands against other top restaurant stocks to buy under $20. Restaurant stocks are showing volatility amid Trump’s tariff impositions across various sectors. On April 7, CNBC reported that while US stocks are tumbling due to the effects of high tariffs on the import of goods from key trading partners, analysts do not anticipate the tariffs to hit most restaurant stocks directly. However, inflation is expected to follow behind, fueled by expert and investor fear of an impending recession. This may put pressure on the spending capacity of consumers, resulting in an economic downturn. CNBC reported that UBS analyst Dennis Geiger said the following in a note to clients: “We view the direct cost impact of tariffs on restaurants as manageable, with a focus on select commodity costs, but see the bigger risk as incremental pressure on consumer spending and industry demand.” CNBC also reported that investor concerns affected restaurant stocks across all sectors. Fast food restaurant chains have historically shown the most resilience during recessions, as consumers looking for cheap dining options typically level down from fast-casual or full-service diners and eateries to fast food options. However, the drop in consumer spending witnessed last year saw fast food restaurants hit hard, as low-income consumers cut their spending to this sector, visiting them less frequently. High-income consumers, on the other hand, continued with their usual dining habits, creating a gap that negatively affected fast food companies. Quick-service restaurants thus underwent same-store sales declines. On March 8, Mario Carbone, Major Food Group chef and co-founder, appeared on CNBC’s ‘Power Lunch’ to discuss the effects of Trump’s tariffs on the food industry and how high-end consumers are behaving in the sector. Talking about New York, he said that the numbers are booming, going above their pre-Covid benchmarks. New York is thus telling us that everything is good, and there is no fear right now in dining in the luxury sector. Stats are up, and restaurants are packed, with consumer energy through the roof. As of right now, there are no signs of slowing at all if one evaluates the spending and trends in restaurant reports. However, Carbone said that inflation hits the food and restaurant industry just like everyone else. The luxury food sector is responsible to the customer for bringing in the best ingredients for every meal, which is why it has no choice but to pass the effects on to the consumer in case such trends materialize.

