Title: Can Coca-Cola Stock Help Keep Your Money Safe During a Market Crash_
Date: 2025-04-16 08:15
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/16/can-coca-cola-stock-help-keep-your-money-safe-duri/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=cd18f67a-8bff-47df-9ed6-7b52ea425af1&.tsrc=rss
Content:
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
The stock market is in turmoil right now, and entering this week, the S&P 500 has declined by around 9% since the start of the year. For many investors, especially retirees, capital preservation has been top of mind. How can you keep your savings safe and still be invested in the stock market -- or is that even possible nowadays?
One blue chip stock you may be considering is Coca-Cola (KO -0.19%). The beverage company is known for its robust results and resiliency over the years. Can it be a good investment right now and be a way to help keep your portfolio safe?
A huge advantage Coca-Cola has over other businesses is that it operates all over the world. That gives it flexibility. For example, President Donald Trump recently announced tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. But Coca-Cola CEO James Quincey said that the company could adjust and use other packaging materials, such as plastic, to minimize the impact of those tariffs.
The company also has strong margins. Last year, Coca-Cola reported $10.6 billion in earnings on sales totaling $47.1 billion, which equates to a profit margin of nearly 23%. Even if there's an increase in costs, the company's strong profit margins put it in an excellent position to continue delivering solid earnings numbers. Coca-Cola, however, hasn't been a fast-growing business recently; from 2022 through 2024, its earnings grew by just 9%. 
The last time the stock market was in a prolonged free fall was 2022. Growth stocks cratered amid concerns about rising inflation. Coca-Cola stock, however, proved to be a fairly safe investment at the time. Including its dividend, the stock's total returns were more than 10%, far better than the S&P 500's.

^SPX data by YCharts
Historically, Coca-Cola has been a low-volatility stock to own, as it has averaged a beta of 0.45, indicating that it doesn't follow the market's swings. For investors seeking safety right now, that can make this an attractive investment. But it's important to remember that the past doesn't predict the future, and while Coca-Cola was able to pass on rising costs to consumers amid high inflation in recent years, it may not be as easy to do that now with many consumers feeling stretched.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 156% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Coca-Cola stock can be a good place to park your money right now. If you just want to collect a good, safe dividend, this can be one of the better investments to consider putting in your portfolio today. Coca-Cola's business is rock solid and isn't going anywhere. It provides a dividend that yields 2.9% and can generate a lot of recurring income for you. 
The only downside is that its growth prospects may not be all that strong, but this could still be an ideal stock to own if you're looking to keep your risk low and want some stable dividends. 

 

Before you buy stock in Coca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Coca-Cola wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 156% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025


David Jagielski has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/16/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Join Stock Advisor Now to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 662.32%!** Don't Miss Out!
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.