Title: Eli Lilly stock slips despite earnings beat, reaffirmed 2025 guidance
Date: 2025-05-01 12:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/eli-lilly-stock-slips-despite-earnings-beat-reaffirmed-2025-guidance-125448495.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Eli Lilly (LLY) reported first quarter earnings on Thursday, beating Wall Street's expectations on the top and bottom lines, but its stock sank more than 11% in trading despite the win.
The company reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.34 compared to the consensus of $3.10. Revenue came in at $12.73 billion, compared to estimates of $12.67 billion.
Investors saw sales of blockbuster GLP-1s — Mounjaro for diabetes and Zepbound for weight loss — come in "modestly" ahead of consensus. The two drugs alone brought in a combined $6.1 billion, or nearly half of the revenue in the quarter. Zepbound was ahead by $32 million while Mounjaro came in ahead by $70 million.
Read more about Eli Lilly's stock moves and today's market action.
Still, Eli Lilly holds the lead in the current race between first-to-market Novo Nordisk (NVO) for weight loss as Zepbound overtook Wegovy in recent months. But that could be threatened by an announcement Thursday that one of the country's largest pharmacy benefit managers, CVS (CVS), is excluding Zepbound in favor of Wegovy on its formulary.
Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks told Yahoo Finance he is not worried about the PBM move and is instead focusing on the next generation of drugs.
"We're well into the product replacement cycle, and there's more to come. We're not interested in exclusive deals," Ricks said.
"It feels a little bit like last decade, these sort of lock-up deals," he added.
Eli Lilly's weekly prescription data for Zepbound is up 354% year over year while Novo Nordisk's Wegovy is up just 61%. That's based on the latest prescription tracking data by analytics firm IQVIA, which shows total prescriptions for Wegovy at 211,103 in the week of April 18 and Zepbound totaling 338,899 prescriptions in the same week.
Eli Lilly still lags behind Novo Nordisk in the diabetes space, with Ozempic accounting for 43% of the market share while Mounjaro takes 39%, based on IQVIA data.
The company has been ramping up production of the injectable GLP-1s to meet ongoing demand. Both Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly executives have said in the past that demand will outstrip supply for some time. And both companies have seen the FDA take their drugs off its shortage list, meaning competition from compounding pharmacies, which were allowed to make copycats of the patented products, will reduce.
Still, Eli Lilly is now the lead contender for first-to-market in pill form after Pfizer (PFE) halted its clinical trial this month.
Meanwhile, as it awaits Trump's decision on pharmaceutical tariffs, the company has committed to increasing its production capacity in the US to the tune of $27 billion, making the total commitment $50 billion since 2020.
Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee as AnjKhem on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Top-ranked stocks Fox (FOXA), Universal Technical Institute (UTI), Pfizer (PFE), Tenet Healthcare (THC) and Newmont (NEM) are likely to beat on the bottom line in their upcoming releases.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio