Title: 'Declare victory and move on': Eli Lilly CEO on Trump tariff threat
Date: 2025-05-01 16:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/declare-victory-and-move-on-eli-lilly-ceo-on-trump-tariff-threat-160646465.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Eli Lilly (LLY) is among the list of large-cap pharmaceutical companies that are awaiting the Trump administration's word on tariffs on the industry.
Trump's Department of Commerce is looking into what it calls national security threats from overseas drug manufacturing, and Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks has personally met with President Trump in recent weeks to discuss the matter.
He and CFO Lucas Montarce spoke with Yahoo Finance Thursday about how the company is planning for potential tariffs.
Montarce said the company can absorb the impact of tariffs within the 2025 guidance and that there is limited impact at this time.
"It's a very dynamic situation as you know, but based on what is announced, we felt that it's a limited impact at this time, and we will continue to monitor this very closely and try to plan ahead as much as possible of what we can do to mitigate the impact," Montarce said.
Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet
Ricks, meanwhile, pointed out that the investigation is focused on the national security threat rather than the overall global network of drug manufacturing and said there is reason to consider that threat.
"I think there's substance there, if you look at our country's reliance on sole-source foreign-manufactured essential medicines that are older medicines we invented, and other big companies invented, long ago, but they end up becoming the backbone of clinical care," Ricks said.
He noted that many of the basic drugs used in hospitals, like antibiotics and the generics that Americans rely on, are made overseas. A majority of prescriptions filled in the US are generics, and these essential medicines are often made in countries like India and China.
Ricks suggested that though generics are not profitable for companies, which is why they ended up being produced overseas, there could be room to negotiate production in the US instead of slapping tariffs on the drugs.
"We don't make those medicines today, we invented them long ago, but the industry could play a role in helping national security, and that would be fine," Ricks said.
"[Generics are] not really valuable," he said. "And no one's really in the mood to raise pricing on hospital drugs, so that's sort of the quandary."
On broader tariffs, Ricks said the industry has already proven that just the threat of tariffs has resulted in decisions to manufacture in the US to the tune of nearly $200 billion in capital expenditure commitments.
"I think if the goal is to repatriate the supply chain, I would say probably the threat of tariffs has already done that," Ricks said.
The recent flurry of announcements, started by Lilly's in Washington, D.C, earlier this year, has resulted in its peers highlighting on earnings calls billions in manufacturing expansion and buildout through the end of the decade. Some of those include older announcements, while some are new.
Lilly, for example, announced a new round of $27 billion in factory investments, in addition to a previously announced $23 billion since 2020 for a total $50 billion. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) announced $55 billion in investments, and Roche (RHHBY) — Europe-based and a key manufacturer of base drug compounds — announced $50 billion in US investments.
It's why Pfizer (PFE) CEO Albert Bourla said this week that the industry should not have tariffs applied to it.
Though investments have been announced in the past few years, it will take time for the factories to get up and running.
Meanwhile, the moves are threatening to weaken Europe's R&D and manufacturing strength, prompting executives like AstraZeneca's (AZN) CEO to push the European Union to counter-incentivize companies to stay.
Ricks said the commitments from large-cap pharma should be enough to weaken the threat of tariffs on the sector.
"Declare victory and move on [would] be my advice," he said.
Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee as AnjKhem on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
When the stock market was climbing in January 2024, Donald Trump knew exactly who deserved credit: He did.  Nearly a year before his return to the White House, he declared on his Truth Social platform that investors were celebrating his lead in the polls against President Joe Biden.  When the stock market fell Wednesday on news that the American economy had gone backward during the first three months of 2025, Trump knew exactly who to blame: Biden.
Wall Street extended its gains to a ninth straight day Friday, marking the stock market’s longest winning streak since 2004 and reclaiming the ground it lost since President Donald Trump escalated his trade war in early April.  Apple, however, fell 3.7% after the iPhone maker estimated that tariffs will cost it $900 million.  Many of the more severe tariffs that were supposed to go into effect in April were delayed by three months, with the notable exception of tariffs against China.
Eli Lilly's CEO waved off the Novo Nordisk-CVS GLP-1 formulary deal as he focuses on the future of the company's obesity pipeline.
Does Roche Holding AG (RHHBY) have what it takes to be a top stock pick for momentum investors? Let's find out.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio