Title: Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Reports Q1 Earnings, Reaffirms 2025 Revenue Guidance at US$61-64 Billion
Date: 2025-04-30 17:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-nyse-pfe-reports-q1-173235366.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Pfizer reported a decline in its Q1 2025 earnings, with revenue dropping from the previous year, alongside stagnant share buyback activities. Despite reaffirming revenue guidance for 2025, these developments set the tone for Pfizer's share price fluctuation last week. Additionally, the company announced a $0.43 dividend which was in line with prior payouts. Over the same period, broader market trends showed a rise of 5.2%. Pfizer's 5.59% price move aligns with market movements, indicating that its specific events likely added weight to these broader market gains rather than causing any disconnected reaction.
Be aware that Pfizer is showing 3 warning signs in our investment analysis and 2 of those are potentially serious.
The best AI stocks today may lie beyond giants like Nvidia and Microsoft. Find the next big opportunity with these 26 smaller AI-focused companies with strong growth potential through early-stage innovation in machine learning, automation, and data intelligence that could fund your retirement.
The recent earnings report and dividend announcement reflect Pfizer's current challenges, including stagnant share buyback activity and a revenue decline, which have impacted its share price movement. Over the past year, Pfizer's total return, including dividends and share price changes, stood at a 1.32% decline, indicating an underperformance against the broader market's 9.9% gain and even the US Pharmaceuticals industry’s nominal growth of 0.5% over the same period. This suggests that while Pfizer is navigating broader industry and economic challenges, it may also be facing company-specific hurdles.
Pfizer’s current strategy, focusing on research and development productivity and cost savings, could slow revenue growth as these initiatives require time to yield financial benefits. With revenue pressures stemming from legislative changes and COVID-19 product stability, the company's revenue and earnings forecasts may fall below consensus expectations. The share price, currently at US$22.39, is at a discount to the consensus price target of US$29.06, reflecting the market's skepticism about realizing expected future returns. The bearish analyst cohort places a fair value closer to US$24.41, suggesting an alignment with market sentiment that assumes slower growth. If Pfizer can overcome these challenges, particularly in enhancing R&D outcomes and managing competition, it might improve both its earnings potential and alignment with analyst expectations.
The valuation report we've compiled suggests that Pfizer's current price could be quite moderate.
 This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Companies discussed in this article include NYSE:PFE.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
Top-ranked stocks Fox (FOXA), Universal Technical Institute (UTI), Pfizer (PFE), Tenet Healthcare (THC) and Newmont (NEM) are likely to beat on the bottom line in their upcoming releases.
Apple stock was dropping early on Thursday as the market braces for its earnings report after the market close and digests a potential criminal contempt charge for the iPhone maker.  Apple shares were down 1.4% in premarket trading.  The drop comes after a U.S. District Judge rebuked Apple, saying it ignored an injunction tied to the company’s U.S. App Store, and referred the case to the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of California for possible criminal contempt charges.
Eli Lilly misses first-quarter estimates for earnings but beats the same for sales. Mounjaro and Zepbound sales beat estimates. Stock declines.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio