Title: LLY's Q1 Earnings Miss, Mounjaro & Zepbound Drive Sales, Stock Down
Date: 2025-05-01 15:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/llys-q1-earnings-miss-mounjaro-155100125.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Eli Lilly and Company LLY reported first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) of $3.34, which missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.52 per share. Earnings rose 29% year over year.
Adjusted earnings included an acquired in-process research and development (IPR&D) charge of $1.72 per share compared with 10 cents in the year-ago quarter.
Revenues of $12.73 billion rose 45% year over year driven by strong sales of Lilly’s popular tirzepatide medicines, diabetes drug Mounjaro and weight loss medicine, Zepbound. Total revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $12.62 billion. (Find the latest earnings estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.)
Revenues in the quarter also benefited from a one-time payment of $370 million from partner Boehringer Ingelheim due to an amendment in their collaboration for Jardiance.
Mounjaro recorded sales of $3.84 billion during the quarter, up 113% year over year. The reported sales figure beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.75 billion as well as our model estimate of $3.82 billion.
Zepbound recorded sales of $2.31 billion in the quarter compared with $1.91 billion in the previous quarter, driven by increased demand, partially offset by lower pricing. Zepbound revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.27 billion as well as our model estimate of $2.19 billion.
Lilly’s tirzepatide medicines face strong competition from Novo Nordisk’s NVO GLP-drug semaglutide, which is approved as Ozempic pre-filled pen and Rybelsus oral tablet for type II diabetes and as Wegovy injection for weight management.
Novo Nordisk is due to report its first-quarter results on May 7. Revenue growth in the first quarter of 2025 is expected to have been driven primarily by strong demand for Ozempic, Rybelsus and Wegovy.
Among the growth products, Trulicity generated revenues worth $1.1 billion, down 25% year over year.  Sales of Trulicity were in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Our estimate was pegged at $1.17 billion.
Jardiance sales rose 48% to $1.01 billion, including the one-time payment received from partner Boehringer Ingelheim, which benefited international revenues. Jardiance’s U.S. revenues declined 16%. Jardiance significantly beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $675.0 million as well as our model estimate of $775.8 million.
Taltz brought in sales of $761.9 million, up 30% year over year. Taltz beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $663 million as well as our model estimate of $659.0 million.
Verzenio generated sales of $1.16 billion in the reported quarter, up 10% year over year, as increased demand and higher realized prices were partially offset by unfavorable wholesaler buying patterns and competitive dynamics in the United States and currency headwinds in international markets. Verzenio sales missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.25 billion as well as our model estimate of $1.23 billion.
Emgality generated revenues of $124.6 million in the quarter, down 45% year over year. Olumiant (baricitinib) generated sales of $228.7 million, up 5% on a year-over-year basis.
Among the newer drugs, Jaypirca recorded $92.0 million in sales, up 84% year over year. Omvoh and Ebglyss recorded sales of $37.2 million and $60.2 million, respectively, in the quarter, compared with $20.4 million and $56.9 million, respectively, in the previous quarter.
Sales of new Alzheimer’s drug Kisunla were $21.5 million in the first quarter compared with $7.9 million in the previous quarter.
Lilly maintained its sales guidance for 2025 while lowering its earnings expectations to account for the acquired IPR&D charges incurred in the first quarter of 2025.
In 2025, Lilly expects to record revenues in the range of $58.0 billion to $61.0 billion, indicating year-over-year growth of 32%.
The earnings per share guidance was lowered from a range of $22.50 to $24.00 to $20.78 to $22.28 per share. The Zacks Consensus Estimate stands at $22.43 per share.
Lilly’s first-quarter results were mixed as the company missed estimates for earnings but beat the same for sales. Sales of Lilly’s key drugs, Mounjaro, Zepbound, Jardiance, Taltz beat estimates while others like Verzenio missed expectations. Lilly’s new products also contributed to sales growth. Trulicity sales continued to decline in the quarter.
Despite the better-than-expected sales performance, Lilly’s shares were down almost 5% in pre-market trading due to the EPS miss and the earnings guidance cut.
Lilly’s stock also took a hit as CVS Caremark, a major pharmacy benefit manager announced that it is excluding Zepbound from its preferred drug list while retaining NVO’s Wegovy, effective from July 1.
Lilly’s stock has risen 16.7% so far this year against an increase of 3.5% for the industry.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Sales of Mounjaro and Zepbound were below expectations in the second half of 2024 hurt by slower-than-expected growth and unfavorable channel dynamics. However, in line with the company’s expectations, sales of Mounjaro and Zepbound picked up in the first quarter of 2025, driven by launches of the drugs in new international markets and improved supply from ramped-up production.
Lilly and Novo Nordisk are presently dominating the obesity market with Zepbound and Wegovy (semaglutide), respectively. Though competition is heating up in the diabetes and obesity space, Lilly is investing broadly in obesity and has several new molecules currently in clinical development to further strengthen its position in the rapidly growing market. Earlier this month, Lilly announced positive data from a phase III study evaluating its next-generation once-daily oral GLP-1 agonist, orforglipron, in patients with type II diabetes and obesity. In the study, the oral pill performed on par with the NVO’s Ozempic in reducing both weight and blood sugar levels in patients with type II diabetes.
Lilly said its earnings guidance was based on the tariffs already in place and does not reflect any impact from potential tariffs on pharmaceutical imports. Most large drugmakers have provided an estimate of the potential impact of tariffs and trade policy changes on their costs. While J&J expects $400 million in costs from tariffs implemented to date, Merck MRK and Pfizer PFE estimate this cost to be approximately $200 million and $150 million, respectively.
Though pharmaceuticals have been exempted in the first round of reciprocal tariffs, they could well be Trump’s target in the next round, considering the President’s goal to shift pharmaceutical production back to the United States, mostly from European and Asian countries. Though the Trump administration has implemented a 90-day pause on all trading partners, excluding China, when imposed, tariffs on pharmaceutical imports can lead to potential disruptions to global supply chains and increased production costs.
However, none of these drugmakers provided any estimate for the potential impact of future tariffs on pharma imports, which are rumored to be around 25%. In fact, Pfizer’s CEO, Albert Bourla, said on the first-quarter call that tariffs on pharma imports are unlikely. Both Merck and Pfizer said that the additional tariffs on pharmaceutical imports, if levied, would be manageable.
Eli Lilly currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).  You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks (Strong Buy) here.
Eli Lilly and Company price-consensus-chart | Eli Lilly and Company Quote
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Centene, Pediatrix Medical, Pfizer, StoneCo and Banco Santander have been highlighted in this Screen of The Week article.
Drugmaker executives have projected confidence they can mitigate the impact of any levies Trump imposes on the industry. Yet they're adjusting inventory and production nonetheless.
Eli Lilly’s strong quarterly results were overshadowed by CVS’s decision to favour Novo Nordisk’s Wegovy over Zepbound.
The head of drugmaker Eli Lilly, which sells the popular weight-loss drug Zepbound, urged the Trump administration to ease up on its tariff rollout because it could hurt Lilly’s business and the broader pharmaceutical industry.  “We don’t believe tariffs are the right mechanism” to bolster U.S. drug manufacturing, Lilly Chief Executive David Ricks said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.  “The announced tariffs currently in effect do not materially change Lilly’s 2025 financial outlook,” he said.
Initial Claims More Than Expectations.
Instead of clarity, the "hard" growth data is seen as a distortion or a warning.
Lilly (LLY) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -5.11% and 0.86%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
CVS reported first quarter earnings Thursday, blowing past Wall Street's expectations and ending anxiety over Medicare Advantage headwinds.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold dropped to a two-week low on signs of potential trade-talk progress between the US and other nations, quelling demand for a haven despite worries about weakening economies.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Bo
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio