Title: Macroeconomic Uncertainty Pressuring Microsoft, Software Stocks
Date: 2025-04-15 17:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/00584667-00af-382e-a821-2a02aa6a1df1/macroeconomic-uncertainty.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
A Wall Street firm cut its price targets on Microsoft and 50 other software stocks on Tuesday, citing a weakening macroeconomic outlook.
The US government's export restrictions on a chip made by Nvidia (NVDA) could be "disruptive" to its
Mag-7 stocks are in the deep correction zone now, and valuation is down to the pre-ChatGPT level. Although the group has fallen from grace, core strengths remain intact.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […]
We recently published a list of 11 Top Performing European Stocks So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (NYSE:DB) stands against other best performing European stocks to invest in. The world economy is hanging by a thread, as the macroeconomic environment consists of […]
BOSTON/LONDON (Reuters) -Global shares fell on Wednesday as U.S. restrictions on chip sales to China and continued tariff uncertainty battered tech stocks, while gold traded at record highs and the dollar languished.  Washington issued new export licensing requirements for sales to China of Nvidia's H20 and AMD's MI308 artificial intelligence chips.  Nvidia said the move would cost it $5.5 billion, and its shares slumped 8%.
With a better price performance and attractive valuation metrics, IBM is relatively better placed than MSFT at the moment.
We came across a bullish thesis on American Express Company (AXP) on Substack by Daan Rijnberk. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on AXP. American Express Company (AXP)’s share was trading at $255.38 as of April 14th. AXP’s trailing and forward P/E were 18.23 and 16.75 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. American Express (AmEx) […]
(Bloomberg) -- Elliott Investment Management has built a position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. worth more than $1.5 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingElliott plans to engage with the software and networking co
(Bloomberg) -- Gold edged toward the record high set on Monday, as the Trump administration pressed ahead with probes that could broaden the US’s sweeping trade war.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBullion rose to top $3,230 an ounc
We came across a bullish thesis on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on UNH. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)’s share was trading at $587.06 as of April 14th. UNH’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.85 and 19.72 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. UnitedHealth Group stands […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.