Title: Microsoft (MSFT) Faces Capex Shift but Analysts Stay Bullish on Long-Term AI Plans
Date: 2025-04-16 19:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-msft-faces-capex-shift-191243770.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now.
According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s tariffs could prove to be a massive gift for China, even helping it catch up in the AI race.
“It’s going to be very hard for the U.S. to win the so-called AI Cold War if America’s trade policies are simultaneously tanking global markets, discouraging technological investments, and potentially undermining traditional alliances with key allies.”
Trump’s policies are disrupting supply chains and causing volatility in global markets, which may lead US allies to turn to China to meet their technological needs.
“Suddenly, in the wake of this trade fiasco, we see EU officials saying, ‘Let’s get on the phone with China and talk. Huawei has this telecommunications hardware system they want to sell, and there’s also these AI models that are free of charge.”
READ ALSO: 10 AI Stocks on the Move and  10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility.
With all the tensions caused by the US tariffs, China’s President Xi Jinping has recently called for stronger ties with Vietnam on trade and supply chains as he attended the signing of dozens of cooperation agreements between the two nations. While Beijing faces 145% U.S. duties, Vietnam has been negotiating a reduction of U.S. tariffs of 46% that would otherwise apply in July after a global moratorium expires, Reuters reported.
“The two sides should strengthen cooperation in production and supply chains,” Xi
The President has also urged increased trade and stronger ties with Hanoi on artificial intelligence and the green economy.
Discussing the meetings, U.S. President Donald Trump said that the two countries’ discussions were focused on harming the United States. However, he said that he did not blame them for holding such talks.
“I don’t blame China; I don’t blame Vietnam. That’s a lovely meeting. Meeting like, trying to figure out, ‘how do we screw the United States of America?'”
For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here).
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 317
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) provides AI-powered cloud, productivity, and business solutions, focusing on efficiency, security, and AI advancements. On April 15, Bank of America reiterated the stock as “Buy” and lowered its price target on the stock to $480 per share from $510.
“There have been rumors that Microsoft is pulling back on capex. While Microsoft is likely shifting capex within geographies, the company remains building capacity for the long term.”
A day prior, UBS also lowered the firm’s price target on the stock to $480 from $510 and kept a “Buy” rating on the shares. The firm’s price target revision also came after Microsoft’s formal acknowledgement that it is slowing or pausing some data center projects. The firm’s evaluation reveals that the company’s adjustments are most likely not AI demand-related, and that the pausing activity isn’t a materially negative AI demand signal.
Overall, MSFT ranks 2nd on our list of AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Top 5 AI News Moving The Market Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Skillsoft Corp. (NYSE:SKIL) stands against other top AI news moving the market today. Investors continue to pour back into Big Tech stocks after the US government announced temporary tariff […]
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street […]
The U.S. government investigated after foil container manufacturers raised issue with imports of trays, lids and more. But U.S. industry is still concerned about Chinese companies transshipping through other countries.
We recently published a list of Top 5 AI News Moving The Market Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Applied Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:APLD) stands against other top AI news moving the market today. Investors continue to pour back into Big Tech stocks after the US government announced temporary […]
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other machine-learning stocks. Grand View Research reported that the global machine-learning market was valued at $36.73 billion in 2022. It’s now expected to […]
If tariffs remain high on many of the goods imported into the U.S., the cost of buying things made overseas is going to skyrocket. That begs the question: Is it possible to buy most, or even more,...
Logistics warehouse operator Prologis reiterated its 2025 guidance on Wednesday but noted that uncertainty around a volatile trade landscape has customers delaying leasing decisions. The post Prologis sticks with 2025 outlook, but customers grow more cautious appeared first on FreightWaves.
(Bloomberg) -- United Airlines Holdings Inc. reassured investors worried about wobbly demand with a vow to make money even during a recession.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe company plans to control costs and keep its planes full, dialing back flying plans as needed to keep profits coming in
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell suggested on Wednesday that hopes the central bank will step in to tamp down on market volatility are likely misplaced.  Asked if the Fed would intervene to counter sharp declines in the stock market, Powell said "I'm going to say no, with an explanation."  "What I think is going on in markets is markets are processing what's going on, markets are struggling with a lot of uncertainty and that means volatility," Powell said in an appearance in Chicago.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.