Title: Trump promises 'expedited' process for Nvidia's US supercomputer plans as Big Tech pledges top $1.6 trillion
Date: 2025-04-15 17:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-promises-expedited-process-for-nvidias-us-supercomputer-plans-as-big-tech-pledges-top-16-trillion-173943856.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
President Trump on Tuesday again touted Nvidia’s $500 billion commitment to building AI infrastructure in the US, pledging to expedite the process for the chip giant and any other company planning big US investments.
“This is very big and exciting news. All necessary permits will be expedited and quickly delivered to NVIDIA, as they will to all companies committing to be part of the Golden Age of America!” Trump said in a Truth Social post.
Nvidia's announcement brings Big Tech’s investment pledges to US AI infrastructure to just north of $1.6 trillion since Trump's inauguration as the tech world tries to navigate the potential hazards of the president's trade war while staying on the right side of a malleable administration.
Nvidia, for its part, did seem to make moves in US manufacturing partially due to Trump’s chaotic approach to trade policy, with on-again, off-again global tariffs affecting imports of AI servers containing its highly coveted GPUs, or graphics processing units.
Asked about Trump’s tariffs at its annual GTC event in March, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said the company was "preparing, and we have been preparing to manufacture onshore." Huang reportedly attended a dinner at Mar-a-Lago last week, after which the Trump administration backed off new restrictions on the company's chip exports to China.
Nvidia's moves are the latest in Big Tech's splashy announcements of plans to expand investments within the US.
In February, Apple (AAPL) committed to investing $500 billion to expand its US manufacturing over the next four years.
TSMC (TSM) — which makes the world's most advanced chips with most of its manufacturing capacity in Taiwan — has committed to spending $100 billion over a similar time frame. The company had previously committed $65 billion to building out its US manufacturing capabilities with funding from the 2022 Chips and Science Act.
Just after Trump's inauguration, Oracle (ORCL), OpenAI (OPAI.PVT), and SoftBank (SFTBY) announced a joint venture called Stargate, which the companies said would spend $500 billion on US AI data centers.
And after Trump's election, Microsoft (MSFT) said it would spend $80 billion to build AI data centers. The company said "more than half" of that total would be invested in the US.
Apple's US-centric moves have landed in the spotlight again amid Trump's fluctuating tariff policies. Apple announced its $500 billion commitment just days after Trump said CEO Tim Cook promised him hundreds of millions of dollars in US investment and implied the pledge was due to his approach to trade policy.
"They don't want to be in the tariffs," Trump said in February.
However, it’s unclear how much of Apple’s commitment will be from new investments, given that the spending announced was in line with its prior capital expenditures.
Nevertheless, Trump's relationship with Cook has weaved its way into tariff developments in the past several days. US Customs and Border Protection issued regulations late Friday exempting consumer electronics, networking equipment, and computing products — including GPUs and servers — from reciprocal tariffs.
That includes Trump's ever-ballooning 145% levies on China, where Apple still does most of its production. Trump boasted Monday that he "helped Tim Cook recently."
"I don't want to hurt anybody, but the end result is we're going to get to the position of greatness for our country," he said.
But Trump also set the stage to impose tariffs on semiconductors Tuesday — the Commerce Department opened a probe into computer chips under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, which grants the president the authority to impose tariffs on imports seen as essential to national security. And he has promised that most electronics will still get wrapped up in his tariffs.
"We are taking a look at Semiconductors and the WHOLE ELECTRONICS SUPPLY CHAIN in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations," he posted Sunday.
Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X @LauraBratton5.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Ark Invest CEO Cathie Wood has offered a contrarian view on President Donald Trump‘s tariff policies, suggesting they could be the catalyst to end a three-year “rolling recession.” What Happened: In her recent note, Wood explains that tariffs, which initially appeared as a damaging tax increase, might actually be a strategic “setup” for serious trade negotiations. She believes Trump’s move to involve Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent signals a shift towards lower tariffs and non-tariff barriers,
Apple led the "Magnificent Seven" stocks higher Monday as investors cheered the Trump administration's temporary tariff exemptions for tech products announced over the weekend.
Big Tech stocks are too important to be sacrificed in a trade war but a negotiated peace isn't yet on the table.
Nvidia on Tuesday said it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips.  Nvidia's AI chips have been a key focus of U.S. export controls as U.S. officials have moved to keep the most advanced chips from being sold to China as the U.S. tries to keep ahead in the AI race.  After those controls were implemented, Nvidia began designing chips that would come as close as possible to U.S. limits.
Here's what could happen to the S&P 500 next.
One of the biggest two-day sell-offs in stock market history saw investors pile into the stock market earlier this month.
Trump wants to bring tech manufacturing to the US. There's little chance it will happen.
Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming.
We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against the other American tech stocks. American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies […]
We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Strategy Incorporated (NASDAQ:MSTR) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential. On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.