Title: Nvidia Stock Falls After Trump Essentially Blocks China AI Chip Sales
Date: 2025-04-16 20:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/cd15b971-dcb3-3d3f-93a3-37180ffc2471/nvidia-stock-falls-after.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Trump administration has effectively barred Nvidia from selling its custom artificial intelligence processors to customers in China.
Now is a great opportunity to invest in ASML and NVIDIA, both set to thrive after a recent drop in share prices.
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) stock saw a big valuation pullback Wednesday.  The semiconductor company's share price ended the day's trading down 7.4% amid a 2.3% decline for the S&P 500 and a 3.1% decline for the Nasdaq Composite.  Due to new U.S. policies, AMD will require an export license in order to sell its MI308X artificial intelligence (AI) processor into the Chinese market.
Nvidia  stock fell sharply on fears that the Trump administration’s new restriction on chip exports to China would significantly hurt the company’s business.  In reality, the restrictions on H20 AI chips that Nvidia can no longer sell to China without licenses from the U.S. don’t affect the company’s long-term opportunity.  Nvidia’s long-term prospects for the Chinese market were already diminished after U.S. restrictions that limited China’s access to the most advanced AI hardware went into effect in 2022.
Investors now consider a trade war to be the biggest threat to the stock market, according to a Bank of America survey of global fund managers.
Fed chief Jerome Powell hinted Trump tariffs will be "challenging," with the mandate to control inflation and support growth in "tension."
Advanced Micro Devices expects a hefty financial hit from new U.S. controls on AI chip exports to China, saying it could book charges of up to $800 million. Export restrictions applied to its MI308 chips could trigger charges in inventory, purchase commitments and related reserves, it said.
Sees non-interest income ex-markets up 2%-3% year-over-year. Sees expenses slightly below $53.4B. Sees Cards NCL rates around the top of the 2024 ranges for both businesses, with higher losses in 1H, consistent with seasonal patterns, subject to changing conditions. Says ACL build will be a function of macroeconomic environment and business volumes. Says repurchased $1.75B of common shares in 1Q25; targeting a similar level of share repurchases in 2Q25. Says remains committed to continuing to im
Nvidia discloses that sales of its H20 chips to China would require a license ‘for the indefinite future’ from the U.S. Department of Commerce, AMD says a license requirement for chip exports will result in charges of up to $800 million, and ASML issues disappointing sales guidance.
United Airlines offered two sets of profit guidance, depending on whether the U.S. enters a recession.  "The company's outlook is dependent on the macro environment, which the company believes is impossible to predict this year with any degree of confidence," the carrier said.  United shares rose roughly 4% Wednesday morning after the company reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.