Title: Nvidia Stock Falls. It Got Bad News About Its H20 Chips From the Government.
Date: 2025-04-16 20:46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/44ed4857-89e8-3b77-be47-4d2ed0b2dff7/nvidia-stock-falls.-it-got.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The chip maker will take a $5.5 billion charge in the current quarter for H20 inventory and canceled sales.
We recently published a list of 19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Dollar Tree, Inc. (NASDAQ:DLTR)stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. On April 2, 2025, President Donald Trump declared […]
Within the largest companies in the sector, the players least affected by China risk are Alphabet and Meta Platforms.
The stock market took a downward turn on Wednesday after Nvidia said it would take a $5.5 billion charge due to U.S. export restrictions on H20 processors to China and other countries.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE: TSM), popularly known as TSMC, is the world's largest semiconductor foundry, which fabricates chips for the top consumer electronics companies and chip designers across the globe.  The world's leading companies, such as Nvidia, AMD, Broadcom, Sony, and Apple, tap TSMC's plants for manufacturing chips that power personal computers (PCs), smartphones, data centers, and gaming consoles, among others.  As a result, TSMC is in a solid position to benefit from the secular growth of the global semiconductor market, which is expected to hit $2 trillion in annual revenue in 2032.
The U.S.-China tech war just claimed another high-profile casualty.
On Wednesday, Walmart (NYSE: WMT) stock was guilty by association in the eyes of the market, a dynamic reflected in a share price drop of nearly 3%.  A top investment bank published a downbeat research note on a major peer in the retail world, and the bearishness spread to Walmart's stock.  Overall, however, few investors were enthusiastic about any stocks, as Walmart's decline was only slightly steeper than the S&P 500's (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) 2.2% dip.
Chip stocks fell after new export licensing requirements were imposed on Nvidia’s H20 and AMD’s MI308.
The S&P 500 lost 2.2% on Wednesday, April 16, as the Federal Reserve chair discussed possible inflationary and economic consequences of tariffs.
Nvidia said it would record a $5.5 billion charge on its quarterly earnings and disclosed that the U.S. will now require a license for exporting the company's H20 processors to China and other countries.  Nvidia shares fell more than 6% in after-hours trading.  The H20 chips have far less processing power than the latest top-of-the-line Nvidia processors.
The Trump administration has effectively barred Nvidia from selling its custom artificial intelligence processors to customers in China.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.