Title: Citi and BofA earnings, Johnson & Johnson, China blocks Boeing
Date: 2025-04-15 15:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/citi-bofa-earnings-johnson-johnson-151532919.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. On today's Market Minute, Madison Mills recaps the trending stories on Wall Street in just 60 seconds. Citigroup (C) and Bank of America (BAC) stocks gain after reporting earnings that beat analyst estimates. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is in focus after reporting earnings results as US President Trump pushes for tariffs on pharmaceutical imports into the US. China reportedly stopped deliveries of Boeing (BA) orders as the US–China trade war continues, according to reporting from Bloomberg. Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute. It's time for Yahoo! Finances market minute. Stocks are higher for the third day in a row as investors navigate rapidly changing trade policy with the EU saying it expects most tariffs to remain as negotiations make little progress. Stocks pairing their gains off of that headline, but we did get more bank earnings. City and Bank of America both rising after topping Wall Street's expectations in their latest quarters. The banks reporting increased revenue fueled by booming in trade volume amid the market volatility. Johnson & Johnson shares lower after topping earnings estimates and boosting full-year sales forecast. Meantime, the Trump administration is probing pharmaceutical imports, setting the stage for tariffs on the sector. And Boeing shares are lower as China tells airlines to halt orders of the aerospace giant's jets in the latest escalation of the US-China trade war. That's according to reporting from Bloomberg. And that is your Yahoo! Finance market minute. For more on what's trending, scan the QR code where you can track the best and worst performing stocks of the session. Rocket Lab shares jump after being selected for two, multibillion contracts for hypersonic tech from the U.S. and U.K. Bank of America and Citigroup post better-than-expected first-quarter earnings, a report says China ordered a halt to Boeing jet deliveries as part of the escalating trade war with the U.S., and Tesla stock rises after its chart forms a ‘death cross.’ Over the past five years, China has already cut Boeing deliveries by 84% compared with the five years before. On one hand, it's understandable that Amazon's (NASDAQ: AMZN) share price fell as much as 29% below its previous high during the recent market sell-off. After all, the company's e-commerce revenue could be at risk if tariffs lead to an economic decline that causes consumer spending to sink. On the other hand, I'd argue that Amazon is more insulated from a faltering economy than meets the eye. J&J beats first-quarter earnings and sales estimates. It raises sales guidance for 2025 to reflect the addition of Caplyta from the Intra-Cellular acquisition. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
