Title: Stocks Halt Rally Amid Lingering Trade-War Risks_ Markets Wrap
Date: 2025-04-15 20:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-rise-led-japan-auto-040211765.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Stocks whipsawed as President Donald Trump’s fast-evolving tariff war with top trade partners showed little signs of abating, leaving investors unwilling to take on too much risk after a two-day rally. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing That’s even as results from Wall Street’s financial heavyweights underscored an equity-trading boon and still-healthy consumers and businesses. After climbing almost 1%, the S&P 500 finished lower. In late hours, United Airlines Holdings Inc. stood by its full-year profit outlook, but warned a “recessionary” scenario would erode demand and dramatically lower earnings. Subscribe to the Stock Movers Podcast on Apple, Spotify and other Podcast Platforms. Bonds rose as a Treasury official said a rule change was under consideration that could lower trading costs for banks. The dollar snapped a five-day slide. Trump called on China to reach out to him to kick off negotiations, indicating no end in sight to fight that has seen both sides raise trade barriers. The Asian nation ordered airlines not to take further deliveries of Boeing Co. jets, according to people familiar with the matter. Meantime, the European Union and US made scant progress bridging trade differences. “We would advise investors to avoid making hard and fast assumptions about how tariff developments will ultimately play out in the economy and on corporate profits,” said Anthony Saglimbene at Ameriprise. “Instead, we suggest investors prepare for a range of possible intermediate-term outcomes that include slow-to-positive economic and profit growth, and scenarios of slow-to-negative growth.” High uncertainty surrounding US trade policy and a spike in financial-market volatility has unsettled global investors over the past few weeks. Sentiment regarding economic prospects is the most negative in three decades, yet fund managers’ pessimism isn’t fully reflected in their asset allocation which could mean more losses for US stocks, a Bank of America Corp. survey shows. Fund managers are “max bearish on macro, not quite max bearish on the market,” strategists led by Michael Hartnett wrote in a note. “Peak fear” is not yet reflected in cash allocations, they added. Some of the main moves in markets: Stocks The S&P 500 fell 0.2% as of 4 p.m. New York time The Nasdaq 100 rose 0.2% The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.4% The MSCI World Index rose 0.1% Bloomberg Magnificent 7 Total Return Index fell 0.6% The Russell 2000 Index rose 0.1% KBW Bank Index rose 1.2% Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose 0.3% The euro fell 0.6% to $1.1284 The British pound rose 0.3% to $1.3228 The Japanese yen was little changed at 143.16 per dollar Cryptocurrencies Bitcoin fell 1% to $83,970.85 Ether fell 1.6% to $1,608.22 Bonds The yield on 10-year Treasuries declined four basis points to 4.33% Germany’s 10-year yield advanced two basis points to 2.53% Britain’s 10-year yield declined one basis point to 4.65% Commodities West Texas Intermediate crude was little changed Spot gold rose 0.7% to $3,232.61 an ounce --With assistance from John Viljoen, Julien Ponthus and Anand Krishnamoorthy. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. U.S.-traded shares of Ericsson jumped Tuesday after the Swedish telecommunications firm reported first-quarter profit that topped analysts’ expectations. After electronics, the administrative windfall is now shifting to autos. Trump hinted at offering some short-term tariff relief to automakers to give them time to develop a future roadmap. "If Treasuries hit a certain level or if the Federal Reserve believed that a foreign — I won't call them an adversary — but a foreign rival were weaponizing the U.S. government bond market or attempting to destabilize it for political gain, I am sure that we would do something in conjunction with each other, but we just haven't seen that," Bessent said.  "We have a big tool kit." What do I need to file my tax return?  If you run out of time to file your tax return, you can file for an extension to take more time by using your preferred tax software, with the IRS Free File tool, or via mail. Palantir shares jumped nearly 5% Monday to extend last week’s recovery following news that NATO had acquired the analytics software provider’s AI-enabled military system. Monitor these key levels on the weekly chart. NEW YORK (Reuters) -Citigroup beat Wall Street estimates for first-quarter profit on Tuesday and moved closer to its profitability target as its traders reaped a windfall from volatile markets that fueled client activity.  The third-largest U.S. lender's earnings echoed those of Wall Street rivals, including JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Morgan Stanley, whose results were also lifted by stronger equities trading.  While industry profits rose, executives warned that U.S. tariff policies cast a shadow over the economic outlook. TOKYO/OTTAWA (Reuters) -Honda said it has no plans to move car production from Canada and Mexico to the U.S., responding to a report that it might move operations in an effort to avoid potentially devastating tariffs.  "No changes are being considered at this time," Honda Canada said in an emailed statement.  "Honda has not made any production decisions that affect operations in Mexico, nor are any currently being considered," Honda Mexico said in an emailed statement. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
