Title: Is Chevron Corporation (CVX) the Best Dow Stock?
Date: 2025-05-07 18:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-corporation-cvx-best-dow-181125189.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published a list ofThe Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the US economy and carries great historical significance as well. It also acts as a reference point for analysts and investors. However, not all stocks within this elite group of companies perform equally. While some thrive on innovation and economic boom, others struggle due to various setbacks and economic trends. We decided to break down the index and find out the best and worst stocks, looking at what was making them perform unexpectedly this year. In order to come up with our ranking of the best and worst Dow stocks, we first assigned a rank to each stock based on the number of hedge funds holding the stock. We then looked at the short interest in each stock and assigned the top rank to the company with the least short interest. We then combined the two ranks to see which stock was the best on average. The list is in ascending order, with the best stock taking the number one spot. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). An aerial view of an oil rig at sea, the sun glinting off its structure. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81 Short Interest as of Apr 30, 2025: 3.54% Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) is involved in chemicals and integrated energy operations. It generates its revenue through the Downstream and Upstream segments. The stock has experienced minor volatility as BNP Paribas Exane recently downgraded it from Outperform to Neutral and decreased its price target to $140. The bank lowered its price target, citing the company’s significant exposure to oil operations, as it is cautious about the oil price outlook for the next 12 to 18 months. On the flip side, the natural gas business is poised to be a growth driver for the company. This part of the business has already contributed to its strong financial performance. It profited from higher natural gas price realization, specifically in international markets. Currently, natural gas is priced at $3.53, demonstrating an 84% rise from the previous year’s gas price. Increasing demand for data centers is likely to increase natural gas prices and demand further. Data centers currently account for 3% of the global electricity supply. By 2030, the number of data centers is anticipated to increase from 6,111 to over 8,000. As these power-hungry installations rely strongly on electricity, and 43% of electricity is generated from natural gas, the demand is likely to stay elevated. Overall, CVXranks 22ndon our list of best and worst Dow stocks. While we acknowledge the potential of CVX as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CVX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. Investors tend to watch Warren Buffett's portfolio closely, looking for investment ideas.  Chevron is a high-yield option in the oil space that is attractive in just about any energy environment.  Pool Corp. is a supplier to a consumer niche that has unique demand characteristics. ExxonMobil stock took a hit as crude oil prices plunged to nearly four-year lows in April.  The oil stock, however, made a sharp U-turn in April to give up all of those Q1 gains, and then some -- it fell 11.2% during the month, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  What triggered the reversal in ExxonMobil stock? Alex Mashinsky, the founder and former chief executive of bankruptcy cryptocurrency lender Celsius Network, was sentenced on Thursday to 12 years in prison after pleading guilty in December to securities fraud and commodities fraud.  Mashinsky's sentence was imposed by U.S. District Judge John Koeltl in Manhattan, and is among the longest in a criminal case arising from the 2022 meltdown in cryptocurrency markets. Innovative Industrial Properties (IIPR) delivered FFO and revenue surprises of -2.51% and 1.31%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) shares are trading higher on Wednesday after the company reported second-quarter FY25 results. Net sales growth of 1% year over year (Y/Y) to $4.43 billion, beating the consensus of $4.38 billion. Underlying sales were up 2% Y/Y, and underlying orders increased by 4% Y/Y in the quarter. Sales by Segments: Final Control $1.07 billion (+2% Y/Y), Measurement & Analytical $1.00 billion (-1% Y/Y), Discrete Automation $615 million (-3% Y/Y); Safety & Productivity $3 SHEL generates cash flow from operations of $9.3 billion, returns $2.2 billion to its shareholders through dividends and spends $3.7 billion on capital projects. We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Walmart Inc. (NYSE:WMT) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […] Here are the details on self-employed retirement plans, including which may be the best. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...