Title: 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy in May
Date: 2025-05-06 08:07
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/06/3-top-dividend-stocks-to-buy-in-may/?.tsrc=rss

Despite the volatility in the broader stock market, theS&P 500 index(^GSPC0.58%)is still offering investors a tiny dividend yield of just 1.3%. You can do much better than that with companies likeNextEra Energy(NEE1.47%),Chevron(CVX1.05%), andEnbridge(ENB-1.88%), which offer yields as high as 5.8%. Here's a quick look at each of these top dividend stocks as May gets underway. NextEra Energy's dividend yield is around 3.3% today, which is more than twice what you'd get fromthe S&P 500 index. The dividend has been increased annually for three decades. But the real story here is that the annualized rate of dividend growth over the past decade was a huge 10%. Management is projecting that same level of dividend growth to continue for the foreseeable future. What's really interesting is that NextEra Energy is autility, a sector known for slow and steady growth over time. NextEra bucks that trend because it is really two companies in one. The foundation is the company's regulated utility operation in Florida, a state that has benefited from in-migration for many years. The growth engine for NextEra, however, is its large and growing clean energy business. With the shift toward cleaner power likely to play out over decades, there's no reason to expect this dividend growth machine to slow down anytime soon. Image source: Getty Images. Chevron's dividend yield is 5%. The dividend has been increased annually for 38 consecutive years. The growth rate ebbs and flows over time, but has outdistanced the historical rate ofinflation growthover the past decade. That means the buying power of the dividend is increasing. What's special about all of this is that Chevron operates in the highly volatile energy sector. Chevron is what is known as an integratedenergy company, which means that it has operations in the exploration (upstream), transportation (midstream), and chemicals and refining (downstream) segments of the industry. Results in both the upstream and downstream are highly dependent on volatile commodity prices. But, having exposure to all three segments of the industry helps to soften the ups and downs Chevron experiences. And the company has an impressively strongbalance sheet, which allows it to add leverage during weak patches so it can continue to support its business and dividend. If you are looking for an energy stock to own over the long term, Chevron is built from the ground up to be a survivor. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is909%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to162%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025 Enbridge's dividend yield is 5.8%, the highestdividend yieldon this list. The dividend has been increased for 30 consecutive years. Like Chevron, Enbridge operates in the energy sector. However, all it does in the sector is transport energy over its vast North American midstream network. The company charges fees for the use of this network, which means that its cash flows tend to be fairly stable regardless of the price of oil and natural gas. That said, like NextEra Energy, Enbridge is also looking to provide cleaner energy options to its customers. That includes operating natural gas utilities and building a clean energy business that operates things likesolar and wind farms. Midstream assets make up the vast majority of the business, but the company's core approach is to provide the world with the power it needs and, along the way, provide investors with a reliable and steadily growing dividend. It's a bit of a slow and steady tortoise, but investors looking to maximize the income their portfolios generate probably won't mind that minor drawback. Just because the broader market isn't particularly rewarding on the dividend front today doesn't mean that you can't find attractive high yield stocks to own. NextEra Energy is a great option for dividend growth lovers. Chevron is a way to gain exposure to volatile energy markets while still collecting a reliable and lofty dividend. And Enbridge is a high yielding and reliable midstream company that is positioning itself for change. Before you buy stock inNextEra Energy, consider this: The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNextEra Energywasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $623,103!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $717,471!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is909% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to162%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025