Title: Investors Heavily Search Chevron Corporation (CVX): Here is What You Need to Know
Date: 2025-05-06 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/investors-heavily-search-chevron-corporation-130015382.html?.tsrc=rss

Chevron(CVX) has recently been on Zacks.com's list of the most searched stocks. Therefore, you might want to consider some of the key factors that could influence the stock's performance in the near future. Over the past month, shares of this oil company have returned -3.3%, compared to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +11.5% change. During this period, the Zacks Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry, which Chevron falls in, has lost 2.3%. The key question now is: What could be the stock's future direction? Although media reports or rumors about a significant change in a company's business prospects usually cause its stock to trend and lead to an immediate price change, there are always certain fundamental factors that ultimately drive the buy-and-hold decision. Here at Zacks, we prioritize appraising the change in the projection of a company's future earnings over anything else. That's because we believe the present value of its future stream of earnings is what determines the fair value for its stock. We essentially look at how sell-side analysts covering the stock are revising their earnings estimates to reflect the impact of the latest business trends. And if earnings estimates go up for a company, the fair value for its stock goes up. A higher fair value than the current market price drives investors' interest in buying the stock, leading to its price moving higher. This is why empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements. Chevron is expected to post earnings of $1.90 per share for the current quarter, representing a year-over-year change of -25.5%. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate has changed -26.7%. The consensus earnings estimate of $7.70 for the current fiscal year indicates a year-over-year change of -23.4%. This estimate has changed -25.5% over the last 30 days. For the next fiscal year, the consensus earnings estimate of $10.54 indicates a change of +36.9% from what Chevron is expected to report a year ago. Over the past month, the estimate has changed -14.3%. Having a strong externally audited track record, our proprietary stock rating tool, the Zacks Rank, offers a more conclusive picture of a stock's price direction in the near term, since it effectively harnesses the power of earnings estimate revisions. Due to the size of the recent change in the consensus estimate, along with three other factors related to earnings estimates, Chevron is rated Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). The chart below shows the evolution of the company's forward 12-month consensus EPS estimate: While earnings growth is arguably the most superior indicator of a company's financial health, nothing happens as such if a business isn't able to grow its revenues. After all, it's nearly impossible for a company to increase its earnings for an extended period without increasing its revenues. So, it's important to know a company's potential revenue growth. For Chevron, the consensus sales estimate for the current quarter of $48.86 billion indicates a year-over-year change of -4.5%. For the current and next fiscal years, $195.93 billion and $209.97 billion estimates indicate -3.4% and +7.2% changes, respectively. Chevron reported revenues of $47.61 billion in the last reported quarter, representing a year-over-year change of -2.3%. EPS of $2.18 for the same period compares with $2.93 a year ago. Compared to the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $48.66 billion, the reported revenues represent a surprise of -2.15%. The EPS surprise was +1.4%. Over the last four quarters, Chevron surpassed consensus EPS estimates two times. The company topped consensus revenue estimates three times over this period. Without considering a stock's valuation, no investment decision can be efficient. In predicting a stock's future price performance, it's crucial to determine whether its current price correctly reflects the intrinsic value of the underlying business and the company's growth prospects. Comparing the current value of a company's valuation multiples, such as its price-to-earnings (P/E), price-to-sales (P/S), and price-to-cash flow (P/CF), to its own historical values helps ascertain whether its stock is fairly valued, overvalued, or undervalued, whereas comparing the company relative to its peers on these parameters gives a good sense of how reasonable its stock price is. As part of the Zacks Style Scores system, the Zacks Value Style Score (which evaluates both traditional and unconventional valuation metrics) organizes stocks into five groups ranging from A to F (A is better than B; B is better than C; and so on), making it helpful in identifying whether a stock is overvalued, rightly valued, or temporarily undervalued. Chevron is graded B on this front, indicating that it is trading at a discount to its peers. Click here to see the values of some of the valuation metrics that have driven this grade. The facts discussed here and much other information on Zacks.com might help determine whether or not it's worthwhile paying attention to the market buzz about Chevron. However, its Zacks Rank #3 does suggest that it may perform in line with the broader market in the near term. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […] As PBR gears up to report Q1 earnings on May 12, let's find out how the expectations stack up. Also, know how to play the stock ahead of results. Alex Mashinsky, the founder and former chief executive of bankruptcy cryptocurrency lender Celsius Network, was sentenced on Thursday to 12 years in prison after pleading guilty in December to securities fraud and commodities fraud.  Mashinsky's sentence was imposed by U.S. District Judge John Koeltl in Manhattan, and is among the longest in a criminal case arising from the 2022 meltdown in cryptocurrency markets. We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says AI Is Back & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ServiceNow, Inc. (NYSE:NOW) stands against the other stocks. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on how market sentiment towards AI […] Companies in The News Are: LLY, NEM, TSLA, ABNB While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Occidental (OXY) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.