Title: Big Oil Holds Steady on Dividends Despite Oil Price Slump
Date: 2025-05-05 22:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/big-oil-holds-steady-dividends-220000764.html?.tsrc=rss

The world’s biggest international oil and gas firms are sticking to their dividend distribution policies as most met or exceeded analyst expectations of first-quarter profits. BP and Chevron reduced the pace of their share buybacks for the second quarter, but the others, Exxon, Shell, and TotalEnergies, maintained their guidance on repurchases despite the slump in oil prices at the start of the second quarter. All five Big Oil firms touted their shareholder distributions and resilience in the earnings releases and conference calls. Some fared better than others, but all five haven’t started panicking over the price crash – which was just made worse by this weekend’sOPEC+ decisionto add another three monthly increases in production into one month in June. The first-quarter earnings and guidance at Big Oil acknowledged the heightened market volatility and uncertainty, but none of the firms moved to significantly cut shareholder distributions in the form of dividends and buybacks. The big question ahead for Big Oil is how much damage the second-quarter earnings would do, considering the fact that oil prices have crashed since April 2, when President Donald Trump – a vocal supporter of Big Oil and “drill, baby, drill” – launched his tariff offense against the world and China in particular. Related: Saudi Arabia and India at Odds Over Crude Supply to Possible Joint Refineries In the first quarter, all five Big Oil firms except BP met or exceeded analyst expectations in terms of earnings. TotalEnergies saw its first-quarter earnings decline amid weak refining margins, but the French supermajorremains confidentit can sustain $2-billion buybacks in the second quarter despite lower oil prices. At 2.55 million boe/d, the group’s output increased thanks to the continued ramp-up of projects in Brazil, the United States, Malaysia, Argentina, and Denmark. Among the others, Shell clearly outperformed BP in the UK, and Exxon reported better earnings than Chevron in the U.S. Shell launched another$3.5-billion buyback, keeping the pace of its share repurchases, after posting consensus-beating earnings for the first quarter. The new share buyback program for the next three months will mark the 14th consecutive quarter of at least $3 billion in buybacks at the UK-based supermajor. BP, however,reduced by $1 billionits quarterly share buyback program after reporting weaker-than-expected earnings, significantly lower cash flow, and rising net debt for the first quarter. Analysts have seen BP as the weakest link among Big Oil amid struggles with poor stock performance, activist investor Elliott demanding quick and deep spending cuts, and the most recent U-turn in strategy. Across the Atlantic, Q1 earnings atExxonMobil topped analyst estimatesas higher production in the Permian and offshore Guyana offset part of the lower realizations due to falling oil prices. Despite the lower earnings compared to a year ago, Exxon expressed confidence that the structural and cost-saving measures of the past few years have prepared it to weather the uncertain market environment. “In this uncertain market, our shareholders can be confident in knowing that we’re built for this,”saidDarren Woods, chairman and chief executive officer. “The work we’ve done to transform our company over the past eight years positions us to excel in any environment.” Chevron, for its part, reported adjusted earningsin line with analyst estimatesas the U.S. supermajor’s downstream business recovered from a loss for the prior quarter. Chevron returned $6.9 billion of cash to shareholders during the first quarter of 2025, including share repurchases of $3.9 billion and dividends of $3.0 billion. However, the second-quarter buybacks were revised down to a range of between $2 billion and $3.5 billion in share repurchases. Overall, for Big Oil’s fortunes, oil prices weren’t materially lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter and the first quarter of 2024. And it was mostly ‘business as usual’ for Big Oil. With where oil prices are going in the second quarter amid deteriorating outlooks on global economy and oil demand, this past quarter may have been the last ‘business as usual’ quarter for Big Oil for a while. By Tsvetana Paraskova for Oilprice.com More Top Reads From Oilprice.com OPEC+ Stuns Market With Larger Than Expected Output Hike OPEC+ Plans Faster Rollback of Output Cuts Morgan Stanley Slashes Brent Oil Price Forecast to $62.50 Read this article on OilPrice.com BP (BP) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. China's export growth likely slowed significantly in April, as shipments to the United States were dampened by Trump's tariffs and uncertainty over whether the world's two largest economies can strike a deal to ease the trade tensions.  Outbound shipments were expected to have risen by 1.9% year-on-year in value terms last month, according to the median forecasts of 32 economists polled by Reuters, slumping from a 12.4% jump in March that was buoyed by producers making a last-ditch effort to ship their wares before the tariffs took effect.  April trade data - scheduled to be released on Friday around 0300 GMT - should shed light on the immediate toll of the ongoing trade war on China's $18.7 trillion economy. We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […] While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around? Discover how credit limits work and what you can do to increase yours. Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.