Title: Chevron Corporation (CVX): Among the Top Commodity Producers With the Highest Upside Potential
Date: 2025-05-05 21:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-corporation-cvx-among-top-211656783.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently compiled a list of theTop 15 Commodity Producers With the Highest Upside Potential.In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against the other Commodity Producer stocks. Commodity producer stocks are shares of publicly listed firms that produce, explore, or distribute commodities. These businesses are frequently interested in metals, mining, agriculture, and energy. Commodity producer stocks are chosen by investors to obtain exposure to both the equity and commodities markets, potentially profiting from heightened interest in either. The commodity market is booming. According to a research report, the size of the global commodity services market was projected at $3.56 billion in 2024 and is anticipated to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 8.65% from 2025 to 2034, from $3.87 billion in 2025 to roughly $8.16 billion by 2034. Regionally, the commodity services industry is dominated by North America, while Asia Pacific is projected to grow at a quick pace. However, the World Bank’s April 2025 Commodity Markets Outlook projects that global commodity prices will plummet, falling 12% in 2025 and further 5% in 2026 to their lowest level since 2020. The anticipated drop is being driven by slowing global economic growth and persistently high oil supply. This decline carries risks to economic growth in developing countries, with two-thirds likely to see setbacks, even though it may reduce short-term price pressures associated with rising trade barriers. Notwithstanding the drop, nominal prices will still be higher than they were before the pandemic. Ayhan Kose, the World Bank Group’s Deputy Chief Economist and Director of the Prospects Group, stated: “Commodity prices have whipsawed throughout the 2020s—plummeting with arrival of the COVID-19 pandemic, then surging to record highs after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and then sinking again,” said Ayhan Kose, the World Bank Group’s Deputy Chief Economist and Director of the Prospects Group. “In an era of geopolitical tensions, surging demand for critical minerals, and more frequent natural disasters, that could become the new normal. Successfully navigating through repeated commodity prices swings will require developing economies to build fiscal space, strengthen their institutions, and improve investment climates to facilitate job creation.” On the other hand, Morgan Stanley, on February 21, highlighted that 2025 is anticipated to be a crucial year for commodity markets, influenced by supply fundamentals, inflation patterns, and dollar fluctuations. Inflation in the United States is still high, falling short of the Federal Reserve’s 2% target in December with headline CPI readings of 2.9% and core CPI readings of 3.2%. After the U.S. presidential election, policy changes—particularly related to immigration, deficits, and tariffs—have raised inflation expectations. According to data from the University of Michigan, they rose from 2.8% to 3.3% in just one month. Commodity prices have generally been supported by these conditions. Since late September, the U.S. dollar has risen by almost 8%, in part because of growing interest rates and policy expectations. Global demand for commodities is usually pressured by a strong dollar, but if the currency stabilizes or depreciates, it may eliminate a significant obstacle. Although recent contango suggests sufficient short-term supply, a yield-adjusted perspective reveals markets in backwardation at about 4%, showing ongoing physical tightness. This suggests that inventories for essential commodities remain low, making the market more susceptible to demand shocks. Commodity performance in 2025 is supported by tight supply, high inflation, as well as potential dollar weakness. A tanker truck making its way through a refinery facility. . To collect data for this article, we examined companies operating in the commodity sector and then compiled a list of the stocks with the highest upside potential according to Wall Street analysts, as of May 1, 2025. To keep our list relevant, we have only included companies with a market cap of $10 billion and above. The following are the Commodity Producers with the Highest Upside Potential. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here). Analysts’ Upside Potential as of May 01: 22.45% Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) is a global energy business that engages in exploration, production, and refining. It produces 3.0 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, which includes 7.7 million cubic feet of natural gas per day and 1.7 million barrels of liquids per day, making it the second-largest oil business in the United States. Production occurs throughout North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia. It can refine 1.8 million barrels of oil per day at its refineries in the US and Asia. At the end of 2024, proven reserves were 9.8 billion barrels of oil equivalent, which included 28.4 trillion cubic feet of natural gas and 5.1 billion barrels of liquids. As per Morningstar analysts, its oil-leveraged portfolio’s volume growth and margin expansion, cost savings, and improved operations are anticipated to generate higher returns and more free cash flow. Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) reported strong fourth-quarter results for 2024, exceeding analyst projections by more than $3.8 billion and reporting sales of $52.23 billion, a 10.7% rise over the same quarter the year before. A 19% increase in US production and a 7% increase in global output, both of which established new records for the year, were major contributors to this expansion. The firm maintained a strong financial position with a year-end net debt ratio of only 10%, and it also generated close to $8 billion from asset sales. Over time, Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX)’s dividend strategy has been strengthened by its consistent cash reserves. The business recorded operating cash flow of $31.5 billion and free cash flow of $15 billion for the fiscal year 2024. Its sustained dedication to shareholder returns is shown by the $12 billion in dividends it paid to shareholders and the $15 billion it repurchased in stock as a result of this strong cash flow. Overall, CVXranks 14thon our list of the Top Commodity Producers With the Highest Upside Potential. While we acknowledge the potential of CVX as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CVX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. (Bloomberg) -- Oil slumped after Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said officials aren’t in a hurry to adjust rates and as tensions between the US and China linger ahead of trade negotiations. Most Read from BloombergThe Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance CenterVail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?West Texas Intermediate futures dipped 1.7% to settle ne SHEL generates cash flow from operations of $9.3 billion, returns $2.2 billion to its shareholders through dividends and spends $3.7 billion on capital projects. Investors tend to watch Warren Buffett's portfolio closely, looking for investment ideas.  Chevron is a high-yield option in the oil space that is attractive in just about any energy environment.  Pool Corp. is a supplier to a consumer niche that has unique demand characteristics. Balefire targets $215m in annual revenue and seeks to expand its team to 300 professionals. Poor start to year comes after bounceback in last three months of 2024 fizzled out U.S. stocks opened the session higher on news China and the U.S. will begin trade talks later this week in Switzerland. Traders looking for cues on potential Fed-led moves in major tokens might want to see what implied volatility indices are saying. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.