Title: How Berkshire Hathaway's holdings have evolved over time
Date: 2025-05-05 17:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/berkshire-hathaways-holdings-evolved-over-170000250.html?.tsrc=rss

Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-B,BRK-A) chairman and CEO Warren Buffett’s investment strategy has seen both ups and downs this year. Yahoo Finance markets and data editorJared Blikre— who also hoststhe Stocks In Translation podcast— breaks down how Berkshire Hathaway’s biggest holdings have performed and evolved over time, naming several of the investment firm's biggest holdings. At Berkshire's annual shareholders meeting over the weekend,Warren Buffett, 94, announcedthat he will step down and besucceeded by Berkshire Hathaway Energy Chair Greg Abelat the end of the year. Twice a week, Stocks In Translation cuts through the market mayhem, noisy numbers and hyperbole to give you the information you need to make the right trade for your portfolio. You can find more episodeshere, or watch on yourfavorite streaming service. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalystshere. Warren Buffett made billions over the years with his value-focused long-term approach to investing in stocks. So let's take a look now at how Berkshire Hathaway's top holdings have evolved over the years. I'm Jared Blikre, host of Stocks and Translation. Most of Warren Buffett's Buffet's bets have had a rocky start to the year, along with everything else. Berkshire's biggest position, Apple, has shed 13 billion dollars with smaller losses in American Express, Bank of America, and Chevron as well. But consumer staples, Coca-Cola, it is up $4 billion. And let's now dig into some of the details. Berkshire first bit into Apple in 2016 with Buffett calling it the ultimate consumer brand powerhouse. At one point, Buffett owned nearly a billion shares. He's since cashed in on some of those gains trimming back recently, but at $75 billion, Apple's still Berkshire's biggest bet. Not bad for a guy who actually avoids tech stocks. Uh, Buffett first swiped into American Express in 1964 during the legendary salad oil scandal. Look it up if you're interested. And talk about buying the dip because he has held ever since, owning a fifth of the company. Buffett calls Amex his gold card, and a nearly $40 billion plus holding, he has no plans of giving up. In 2011, Buffett bet big on Bank of America $5 billion when bank stocks were decidedly not popular. He turned warrants, which are essentially long-term stock options into big profits, eventually holding over a billion shares lately. He has cut back a bit amid bank sector worries, but at nearly $30 billion, it remains a textbook MBA case in contrarian investing coming out of the global financial crisis. Now Buffett first popped open Coca-Cola stock in 1988 and has not sold a single share since. He calls it his ultimate forever stock, and at about $25 billion today, it has been a decades-long case study in dividends, brand power, and patience. His love for Coke is almost as legendary as the drink itself, and you can see him sipping it over the weekend at his final Berkshire meeting as Chief Executive Officer. Finally, Chevron is a newer addition. First fueling up in 2020, Buffett quickly pumped up his stake to around $30 billion, attracted by strong dividends and then solid profits. Recently, he's trimmed back a bit, but with around $17 billion invested, Chevron is still a key holding, a classic Buffett bet on dividends and fundamentals in a sector that's easy to understand. Every need everyone needs oil and gas these days. Buffett surprised the world when he announced he's stepping down as the CEO at the end of the year, but he's still holding on to the chairman of the board title, and as a result, Berkshire is down about 5% today. But that's only the worst day since the big tariff amounts announcements about one month ago. President Trump may be reviving a plan to slash drug costs. He's reportedly planning on tying the amount the government pays for some medicines to lower prices abroad. Wendy Barnes, the CEO of GoodRx, an online medication platform, joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about the impact on the pharmaceutical industry. We recently published a list of 11 Most Promising Future Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other most promising future stocks to buy now. The past year has seen investors pour money into futuristic trends such as electric vehicles […] While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?