Safety worries spur Pfizer to drop another obesity pill
2025-04-14 12:05
https://www.biopharmadive.com/news/pfizer-discontinue-obesity-pill-danuglipron/745235/?.tsrc=rss
  
                
                    
                        Let BioPharma Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            By abandoning danuglipron, Pfizer has now given up on two oral weight loss medicines since 2023, setting back its plans to compete with Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk.Danuglipron’s development has already been a roller coaster ride for Pfizer. Testing of a twice-daily regimen revealed a high rate of side effects in Phase 2 studies. Pfizer was confident a once-daily formulation would perform better, however. Last year, CEO Albert Bourla claimed the company could be second to market, behind only Lilly, with an obesity pill.Pfizer will now have to look elsewhere. The company said the frequency of liver enzyme elevations, a sign of possible organ damage, in testing of danuglipron was “in-line” with other obesity medicines. But the “totality of information” from the danuglipron trials, the case of possible liver damage and recent input from regulators have led it to discontinue development, the company said.Pfizer still has other candidates in its pipeline. One pill targeting a gut hormone called GIP is in Phaes 2 testing, while another GLP-1 drug it’s working on with Nxera Pharma is in Phase 1. The company is also searching for obesity drugs through a broad alliance with startup creator Flagship Pioneering.Nonetheless, the setback sparked speculation among Wall Street analysts that Pfizer might turn to deals for new obesity medicines, particularly if the drugs in its pipeline have a similar molecular structure to danuglipron. Shares of Viking Therapeutics, Altimmune, Structure Therapeutics and Metsera — all of which have weight loss drugs in clinical testing — rose in trading Monday.Viking has injectable and oral obesity drugs in advanced testing, while Altimmune has released promising Phase 2 data for a dual-acting treatment. Structure released positive Phase 2 data last year, and Metsera had strong enough data from a long-acting GLP-1 shot it’s developing that it was able to raise $275 million in an initial public offering in January.Get the free daily newsletter read by industry expertsImbria Pharmaceuticals raised about $58 million in a Series B round designed to support mid-stage testing of its drug for a common heart condition.Striking study results last year indicated a new type of medicine may improve on Merck’s immunotherapy, spurring a wave of research practically overnight.Subscribe to BioPharma Dive for top news, trends & analysisGet the free daily newsletter read by industry expertsImbria Pharmaceuticals raised about $58 million in a Series B round designed to support mid-stage testing of its drug for a common heart condition.Striking study results last year indicated a new type of medicine may improve on Merck’s immunotherapy, spurring a wave of research practically overnight.The free newsletter covering the top industry headlinesLearn about the trends and evolution shaping oncology during this virtual event. Our Dive journalists will speak with leading executives and experts from key companies in the oncology field. 