Pfizer ends development of potential pill obesity treatment
2025-04-14 12:41
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-ends-development-potential-pill-124143941.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Pfizer is ending the development of its potential once-daily pill treatment for obesity before venturing into the biggest and most expensive level of clinical testing.The drugmaker said Tuesday that it would stop studying danuglipron after a participant in one of its trials experienced a possible drug-induced liver injury that ended once the person stopped taking the treatment.The once-daily version of the pill was in early-stage testing, with researchers trying to figure out the best dose for patients, a spokeswoman said. The company intended to move the drug into late-stage testing, which is generally the last phase of development before a company submits the potential treatment to government regulators for approval.A company official said in a statement that Pfizer still plans to develop other potential obesity treatments in earlier stages of testing.Obesity treatments have become one of the more promising and lucrative sectors of drug development for pharmaceutical companies. Eli Lilly and Co.’s Zepbound, for instance, brought in nearly $5 billion in sales in 2024, its first full year on the market.But leading treatments like Zepbound and Novo Nordisk’s Wegovy are injectable. Drugmakers are eager to develop an easier-to-take pill version for patients who don't want to deal with needles and daily injections.Lilly researchers expect to see data this year from studies of a couple potential oral treatments it has developed.While the drugs have become top-sellers, many patients have had a hard time getting them either due to recently concluded shortages or patchy insurance coverage. Both Lilly and Novo have recently announced price cuts, but the treatments can still cost hundreds of dollars a month, putting them out of reach for some people without coverage.Pfizer said in late 2023 that it would abandon a twice-daily version of danuglipron that had adavnced to mid-stage testing after more than half the patients in a clinical trial stopped taking it.A company spokeswoman said the decision announced Monday meant Pfizer would also stop testing danuglipron in combination with other drugs to treat obesity.Shares of New York-based Pfizer Inc. advanced 12 cents to $22.03 in morning trading Monday._____This story has been corrected to show that danuglipron was not yet in late-stage testing.Pfizer still has another obesity pill in development, PF-07976016, which is currently in a Phase IIa trial.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...It is very rare for an ordinary household to owe money on gifts. The gift tax has a somewhat complicated two-tier structure. Each year you can give up to an annual amount (the "annual exclusion") without paying, or even reporting, anything on your taxes. Then, over your lifetime, you have a significantly higher amount that […] The post I Want to Give $65k to My Daughter and Her Husband. Will We Have to Pay Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
