Title: OpenAI in talks to buy Windsurf for about $3 Billion
Date: 2025-04-16 18:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/openai-talks-buy-windsurf-3-180624723.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
(Bloomberg) — OpenAI (OPAI.PVT) is in talks to acquire Windsurf, an artificial intelligence-assisted coding tool formerly known as Codeium, for about $3 billion, according to a person familiar with the matter.
The deal would be OpenAI’s largest acquisition to date, and could help the company take on rising competition in the market for AI-driven coding assistants — systems capable of tasks like writing code based on natural language prompting. The terms of the deal haven’t been finalized and talks could still change or fall apart, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private.
OpenAI and Windsurf declined to comment.
Windsurf, formally called Exafunction Inc., had recently been in talks with investors including Kleiner Perkins and General Catalyst to raise funding at a $3 billion valuation. The company was valued at $1.25 billion in a deal led by General Catalyst last year.
Founded in 2021, Windsurf has raised more than $200 million in venture capital funding, according to PitchBook data. Other investors include Greenoaks Capital Partners and AIX Ventures.
If the deal closes, OpenAI would compete more directly with companies like Anthropic, Microsoft Corp.-owned Github and Anysphere, which offer services in the fast-growing field of AI coding. The deal would also be a signal that, as more companies pile into the sector, the number of mergers and acquisitions will rise.
OpenAI has acquired other startups before, including vector database company Rockset, and Multi, a remote collaboration platform.
Investors have recently been enthusiastically backing AI coding tools including Anysphere, the startup behind Cursor, which was in talks with investors to raise money at a valuation of almost $10 billion earlier this year.
OpenAI last month closed a $40 billion financing led by SoftBank Group Corp., which values the developer of ChatGPT at $300 billion.
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Volkswagen confirmed Wednesday that it is joining the growing group of automakers committing to keeping prices steady to ease car shoppers' concerns around tariffs.  Automakers have provided stability, and even deep discounts, to consumers amid worries that tariffs will drive up prices on dealer lots.  German carmaker Volkswagen confirmed it is holding prices steady through May, a similar move to Hyundai Motor, which committed to maintaining sticker prices on its current models through June 2.
Abbott Laboratories shares surged Wednesday after the medical device maker said it plans to invest $500 million in U.S. operations and topped Wall Street’s expectations with its first-quarter results.
The Trump administration plans to eliminate the IRS' Direct File program, an electronic system for filing tax returns directly to the agency for free, according to two people familiar with the decision.  The program developed during Joe Biden's presidency was credited by users with making tax filing easy, fast and economical.  The program had been in limbo since the start of the Trump administration as Elon Musk and the Department of Government Efficiency have slashed their way through the federal government.
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell suggested on Wednesday that hopes the central bank will step in to tamp down on market volatility are likely misplaced.  Asked if the Fed would intervene to counter sharp declines in the stock market, Powell said "I'm going to say no, with an explanation."  "What I think is going on in markets is markets are processing what's going on, markets are struggling with a lot of uncertainty and that means volatility," Powell said in an appearance in Chicago.
(Bloomberg) -- United Airlines Holdings Inc. reassured investors worried about wobbly demand with a vow to make money even during a recession.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe company plans to control costs and keep its planes full, dialing back flying plans as needed to keep profits coming in
Logistics warehouse operator Prologis reiterated its 2025 guidance on Wednesday but noted that uncertainty around a volatile trade landscape has customers delaying leasing decisions. The post Prologis sticks with 2025 outlook, but customers grow more cautious appeared first on FreightWaves.
OpenAI declined to comment, while Windsurf, formerly known as Codeium, did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.  Windsurf was in talks with investors such as Kleiner Perkins and General Catalyst to raise funding at a $3 billion valuation, the report added.  It closed a $150 million funding round led by General Catalyst last year, valuing it at $1.25 billion.
Mortgage applications for refinancing and purchases dropped last week after rates rose 20 basis points, reflecting market turbulence from President Trump's tariffs.
CEOs have warned on the economy because of Trump administration tariff policies. US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has a message for them all.
The US stock market is closed Friday in observation of Good Friday. So is the bond market, which also closes early Thursday.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.