Title: Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season: Morning Brief
Date: 2025-04-11 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tariff-uncertainty-muddies--and-refocuses--earnings-season-morning-brief-100025876.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Oops, something went wrong Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.  This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you can sign up to receive in your inbox every morning along with: The chart of the day What we're watching What we're reading Economic data releases and earnings You can thank the bankers for getting in the president’s ear, helping to convince him that a tariff pause was the right move. The bond sell-off did the heavy lifting, compelling the White House to pivot where days of stock market hemorrhaging failed to dissuade. But with the big banks unofficially kicking off earnings season Friday, the private lobbying and public prodding were also a sign of desperation and a testament that tariff policy and the trade war are all that matters. That won't change. As last quarter's earnings and prior outlooks fade into background noise to the immediate drama of tariff turmoil, what investors are looking for now is what the import taxes, months of uncertainty, and future uncertainty mean for businesses in the months ahead. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        
  How badly will Trump’s tariffs eat into corporate profits? How can supply chain acrobatics offset the severe levies on China? And what special exemptions can key industries and big-name brands win from the White House? And how to read between the corporate lines, given that companies may be lobbying and hoping for those exemptions? Corporate earnings have always had a forward-looking orientation. What matters more are the quarters ahead, not the last one. (Just ask Tesla!) But the outlooks attached to first quarter earnings will take on an outsized importance this go-around. Like Thursday’s inflation data, the coming quarterly reports largely won’t account for Trump’s economic policies. And in the flurry of events over the past month, what happened last week on Wall Street might as well be a year ago. And earlier in the quarter is even further in the rear-view. The acceleration of news cycles and the volatility of trading swings have a way of making even recent episodes feel irrelevant and outdated. Analysts have slashed their earnings estimates for the first quarter by more than 4%. And it’s still unclear how deeply they will cut forecasts for the year as the tariff policies take shape and make their mark. Some analysts see 2025 as a “lost year” for corporate profits. Getting outlooks from companies at all might be an improbability. Investors may face an information vacuum as executive teams choose not to share more than they have to. “There is a reasonable probability that absent some resolution/clarity, transparency could be compromised," said Savita Subramanian, a strategist with Bank of America Global Research, in a note to clients on Thursday. "Companies tend to shut down guidance amid uncertainty.” That already happened with Delta this week. The White House's spur-of-the-moment gamesmanship style and policy unknowability have a trickle-down effect. Companies won’t offer guidance because they don’t know what their cost structure will look like, how the business environment will change, and how consumers will respond. And investors won’t know what companies are expecting because they won’t venture to say. An investment landscape that’s already icy because of tariff paralysis is also one that will keep investors partially in the dark. Hamza Shaban is a reporter for Yahoo Finance covering markets and the economy. Follow Hamza on X @hshaban. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Coming Up: Retail sales, Housing Starts, Earnings From Goldman Sachs, TSMC, Netflix, UnitedHealth Group, and More Markets have failed to make a full recovery from President Trump's initial tariff announcement as uncertainty around exactly where policy lands remains paramount. The U.S. Federal Reserve, represented by Boston Fed President Susan Collins, has stated it is prepared to intervene in financial markets if necessary. We recently published a list of 10 Firms Suffer Amid Optimistic Market Environment. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. (NYSE:YMM) stands against other firms that suffer amid optimistic market environment. Wall Street’s main indices recovered losses on Friday, as investors repositioned portfolios while digesting the […] We recently published a list of 10 Firms Suffer Amid Optimistic Market Environment. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) stands against other firms that suffer amid optimistic market environment. Wall Street’s main indices recovered losses on Friday, as investors repositioned portfolios while digesting the ongoing trade […] How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99. Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram. Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.