Title: Semiconductor Stocks Rally as Allegro's Q4 Beat Ignites AMD, Nvidia and Marvell
Date: 2025-05-08 21:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/semiconductor-stocks-rally-allegros-q4-215636493.html?.tsrc=rss

Shares of Allegro MicroSystems (NASDAQ:ALGM) led a broadrallyin chip stocks Thursday after the company's fourth?quarter results topped forecasts. ALGM soared more than 12%, buoying equipment names as well. Veeco Instruments (NASDAQ:VECO) climbed about 8% after its first?quarter revenue and earnings beat analyst expectations. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with ALGM. MKS Instruments (NASDAQ:MKSI) jumped 6% following non?GAAP earnings of $1.71 per share and revenue of $936 million, both above consensus. MACOM Technology Solutions (NASDAQ:MTSI) also surged roughly 6% after its second?quarter results and outlook outpaced estimates. Major chip makers joined the advance. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Marvell Technology (NASDAQ:MRVL) each rose around 4%, while Analog Devices (ADI), Lattice Semiconductor (NASDAQ:LSCC) and GlobalFoundries (NASDAQ:GFS) added about 2%. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE:TSM) and Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN) gained about 1% apiece. In the AI segment, NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) edged up 1% and Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) jumped nearly 4%. Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) and Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) each rose about 2%. The sector?wide strength reflects upbeat guidance and robust demand across semiconductors, sustaining a tech?led market rally. This article first appeared onGuruFocus. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA), Abbott Laboratories (ABT) and Linde plc (LIN), as well as a micro-cap stock Tredegar Corp. (TG). Allegro MicroSystems (ALGM) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 20% and 4.44%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? Katy Perry kissed the sky – and she liked it. Sure, it was a stunt, but Blue Origin’s recent all-female spaceflight wasn’t just for show. It spotlighted a fast-evolving commercial space economy that’s already deeply woven into our daily lives. From satellite-powered TV and GPS to real-time Earth imaging, space tech keeps the world spinning. And this is just liftoff – there’s no telling how far beyond the final frontier the space economy could go. For now, we can measure it in dollar terms. Accor We came across a bullish thesis on Adobe Inc. (ADBE) on Value Investing Subreddit Page by jackandjillonthehill. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ADBE. Adobe Inc. (ADBE)’s share was trading at $374.98 as of April 30th. ADBE’s trailing and forward P/E were 24.77 and 18.38 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Adobe presents a […] The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains. Jobless Claims Come in Lower. Changes in export rules could boost global sales of the major AI-chip producers and others. Advanced Micro Devices' (AMD) stock has risen 5% since surpassing its Q1 expectations on Tuesday, but will the rally continue? While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.