Title: Nvidia Rises On Trump AI Chip Export Plan; Earnings Loom. Is Nvidia A Buy Now?
Date: 2025-05-08 15:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/dc591aa5-8656-399f-a2b0-90fb4c8c329e/nvidia-rises-on-trump-ai-chip.html?.tsrc=rss

Nvidia cleared the 50-day moving average following news that President Donald Trump is planning on rescinding an artificial intelligence chip-export rule. Is Nvidia stock a buy or sell now? Trump plans to revise some semiconductor trade restrictions set during the Biden administration, Bloomberg reported Wednesday. BTIG analyst Gray Powell lowered the firm’s price target on Datadog (DDOG) to $136 from $162 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. While the company posted “strong” Q1 results, the forward outlook was more mixed with some moving parts as Datadog increased revenue guidance for 2025 but guided operating income about 4.5% lower, the analyst tells investors in a research note. The firm, which believes that Datadog is better positioned for a broader economic slowdown today than it was in 2022, said t Apple executive Eddy Cue said the iPhone maker is “actively looking at” adding AI as an alternative to search. What this means for you. U.S. equities were little changed at midday with the market focused on comments from the Federal Reserve coming later today. We recently published a list of Billionaire Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other billionaire Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Up until February 18, 2025, the stock market seemed poised […] Phathom Pharmaceuticals (PHAT) has become technically an oversold stock now, which implies exhaustion of the heavy selling pressure on it. This, combined with strong agreement among Wall Street analysts in revising earnings estimates higher, indicates a potential trend reversal for the stock in the near term. After Advanced Micro Devices said it expects a $1.5 billion hit to 2025 revenue due to curbs on its sales to China, UBS analysts warned rival Nvidia faces the same headwinds. President Donald Trump's latest tariff rhetoric likely overshadowed the Federal Reserve's interest-rate decision.  The stock market pulled back shortly before the Federal Open Market Committee was set to announce its decision to keep interest rates steady.  The move lower followed comments about trade talks with China from Trump in the White House. SANTA CLARA, California (Reuters) -Cadence Design Systems unveiled on Wednesday a new supercomputer based on chips from Nvidia that will speed up its software offerings for everything from designing chips to jets to new drugs.  On Wednesday, Cadence announced that it has reworked many of those core programs to run on Nvidia's latest "Blackwell" graphics processors, or GPUs.  Cadence's new Millennium M2000 supercomputer will contain about 32 of Nvidia's newest chips and will cost about $2 million for the most common configurations, though final pricing has not been set, Cadence executives said Wednesday. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b