Title: These Stocks Are Moving the Most Today: Arm, AppLovin, Alphabet, Coinbase, D-Wave Quantum, Fortinet, Carvana, Cleveland-Cliffs, and More
Date: 2025-05-08 20:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/be983f0e-fb52-3ae6-b122-f022501d4247/these-stocks-are-moving-the.html?.tsrc=rss

Arm Holdings issues disappointing guidance, AppLovin surges after topping earnings and revenue expectations, and Coinbase agrees to acquire Bitcoin trading platform Deribit for $2.9 billion. FTNT's first-quarter 2025 earnings and revenues beat estimates, benefiting from strong growth in both product and services revenues. CMG benefits from strategic innovation, menu success, operational upgrades and robust unit expansion. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA), Abbott Laboratories (ABT) and Linde plc (LIN), as well as a micro-cap stock Tredegar Corp. (TG). Markets are likely to remain volatile. Utility stocks, which are considered defensive, such as AES, DTE, ATO and AWK are safe bets. D-Wave reported a smaller-than-expected Q1 loss while revenue topped views as investors focus on the growth outlook for quantum computing stocks. President Donald Trump eased auto tariffs with an executive order and proclamation on Tuesday While not a permanent rollback, the changes are intended to give U.S. auto companies "a little bit of a break" Auto companies like Ford and Stellantis say they "welcome and appreciate" the move, which came on Trump's 100th day in office President Donald Trump signed a series of executive orders and proclamations to ease auto tariffs on April 29. The new order upholds the 25% tariffs on imported cars, as Ford cites mid-year adjustments and tariffs for price hikes. Carvana posted strong growth on the top and bottom lines in the first quarter.  The company thinks the used car market will be relatively insulated from tariffs.  Shares of Carvana (NYSE: CVNA) were moving higher today after the online used car retailer delivered strong results in its first-quarter earnings report, easily beating estimates and tamping down concerns about an impact from tariffs. First quarter earnings are due for quantum computing stocks IonQ and D-Wave this week as investors eye revenue growth amid losses. Advanced Micro Devices' (AMD) stock has risen 5% since surpassing its Q1 expectations on Tuesday, but will the rally continue?