Title: Nvidia Stock Wobbles On Uncertainty Over Trump AI Chip Policy
Date: 2025-05-08 20:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/f3bf0e2d-dba3-3716-9ff2-c0d66d671bc1/nvidia-stock-wobbles-on.html?.tsrc=rss

Uncertainty over the Trump administration's policy on the export of AI chips weighed on Nvidia stock and others on Thursday. The Commerce Department said it doesn’t intend to implement AI processor restrictions drawn up under the Biden administration. Vaccine maker  Novavax  stock jumped double digits on Thursday after the company reported its quarterly sales had more than fivefold.  Novavax also said it is in discussions with the Food and Drug Administration about full approval for its Covid-19 vaccine, Nuvaxovid, which has only the emergency approval it received in the pandemic.  The FDA delayed full approval in April. While tariffs have caused tech stocks to bend, they won’t break, a longtime bull says.  The technology sector has been one of the harder-hit areas during the 2025 market downturn.  Perhaps most obviously, the artificial intelligence genie can’t be put back in the bottle. Nvidia was reacting after rival Advanced Micro Devices and partner Super Micro Computer reported earnings. Arm Holdings issues disappointing guidance, AppLovin surges after topping earnings and revenue expectations, and Coinbase agrees to acquire Bitcoin trading platform Deribit for $2.9 billion. Aecom (ACM) is well positioned to outperform the market, as it exhibits above-average growth in financials. Nvidia stock rose 3% to end the trading day Wednesday following a Bloomberg report that the Trump administration plans to repeal AI chip export restrictions put into place under former President Joe Biden. Shares plunged on fears of search disruption. That doesn’t mean the company isn’t prepared for change. A drop in search traffic is a reminder that technological advancement can displace long-established tech giants. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.