Title: Buy the Spike in AMD Stock After Q1 Earnings?
Date: 2025-05-08 20:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/buy-spike-amd-stock-q1-200700387.html?.tsrc=rss

Advanced Micro Devices’ AMDstock has risen 5% since surpassing its Q1 expectations on Tuesday, with the post-earnings rally gaining steam as President Trump boosted markets by announcing a new trade deal with the United Kingdom. With Trump revisiting the rhetoric of keeping chip manufacturing dominance in the U.S., it’s certainly a worthy topic of whether now is a good time to buy AMD stock for more upside. Stating AMD delivered an outstanding start to the year despite evolving dynamics related to tariffs and the regulatory environment, CEO Lisa Su highlighted that the company’s growth accelerated for the fourth consecutive quarter. Driven by Data Center and AI momentum, AMD’s Q1 sales spiked 36% to $7.43 billion compared to $5.47 billion a year ago, and topped estimates of $7.12 billion. Notably, AMD has surpassed top line expectations for 10 straight quarters. On the bottom line, Q1 EPS climbed 55% to $0.96 versus $0.62 a share in the prior year quarter. Exceeding the Zacks EPS Consensus of $0.93, AMD has now reached or exceeded earnings expectations for 25 consecutive quarters. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Providing Q2 guidance, AMD expects revenue at $7.4 billion plus or minus $300 million, which would reflect 27% growth. This is on par with the current Zacks Consensus (Current Qtr Below) and includes an estimated $700 million revenue reduction from the new export license requirements for its MI308 AI accelerator chips to China, a modified version of its superior MI300X chip. For the full year, AMD estimates the revenue impact due to the export license requirement to be approximately $1.5 billion. Based on Zacks' estimates, AMD’s total sales are now expected to increase 21% in fiscal 2025 to $31.31 billion compared to $25.79 billion last year. Plus, FY26 sales are projected to rise another 19% to $37.17 billion. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Despite the post-earnings bump, AMD stock is still down 15% year to date, a steeper decline than the broader indexes and chip competitor Nvidia’s NVDA-12%. Over the last three years, AMD is only up +19%, trailing the market’s returns and Nvidia’s eye-popping gains of nearly +600%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Although AMD is currently the second-largest producer of AI GPUs (Graphics Processing Units) behind Nvidia, the excitement for its growth potential has worn off in recent years. For now, AMD stock lands a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) following its favorable Q1 report. To that point, more upside may largely depend on the trend of earnings estimate revisions in the coming weeks as analysts digest the impact that tariffs will have on the chipmaker. This includes the export license requirements, as the ongoing trade war with China plays out. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research AMD upgraded, Electronic Arts downgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls The AI-powered Vector advertising platform launched earlier than expected, providing a tailwind for the Grow Solutions business.  Unity noted that while professional services revenue and consumption services revenue slumped in the first quarter, subscription revenue enjoyed strong growth. Artificial intelligence chip king Nvidia rose above its 21-day average on April 25, topped its 50-day on May 1 and continued to climb.  After getting hit earlier this year due to concerns about AI chip growth slowing amid rising competition, and possible tariff repercussions, Nvidia has risen since late April.  The jump puts Nvidia just below a key benchmark. Much-anticipated trade talks with China are set to begin this weekend, but signals from both the Trump administration and Beijing have tempered hopes for a far-reaching deal anytime soon. Arm Holdings issues disappointing guidance, AppLovin surges after topping earnings and revenue expectations, and Coinbase agrees to acquire Bitcoin trading platform Deribit for $2.9 billion. While tariffs have caused tech stocks to bend, they won’t break, a longtime bull says.  The technology sector has been one of the harder-hit areas during the 2025 market downturn.  Perhaps most obviously, the artificial intelligence genie can’t be put back in the bottle. AMZN posts strong Q1 results, but issues mixed Q2 outlook. With premium valuation and tariff concerns, you can hold or wait for pullbacks if looking to buy. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.