Title: Prediction: This Stock Will Be the Safest of the "Magnificent Seven" During Tariff Turmoil
Date: 2025-04-16 08:10
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/16/prediction-this-will-be-safest-magnificent-seven/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=34f47a10-015c-4b02-9f83-14e95888043f&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
President Donald Trump's import tariffs have been the big subject for investors in recent weeks, with any new announcement guiding the market's direction. And technology stocks such as the "Magnificent Seven" have been particularly vulnerable to the news since they rely a great deal on international production of raw materials and finished goods. In fact, their cost structure depends on manufacturing in countries that have specific infrastructure and a particular economic backdrop. This offers U.S. tech giants the production capacity they need at a low cost.
The Magnificent Seven stocks led gains in the Nasdaq Composite last year, but today, these tech players are pushing the index lower amid concerns about how Trump's tariffs will impact them.

AAPL data by YCharts
Though Trump in recent days announced an exemption from tariffs for electronic equipment such as chips and smartphones, the president indicated this exemption may not last forever. So, the risk of duties remains. Each Magnificent Seven player is likely to be impacted to a certain degree, but my prediction is one particular stock is the safest of the bunch during the tariff turmoil.
Image source: Getty Images.
Trump earlier this month launched tariffs on countries around the globe -- in many cases at levels of more than 20%. But last week, he hit the pause button on the plan, offering the U.S. and other countries 90 days to negotiate.
But he also increased the U.S. tariffs on products from China to 145%. This was bad news for tech players as China is a key country of production. But good news came shortly thereafter with the exemption of electronics from these tariffs. Even if the exemption is temporary, it suggests that any future tariff applied to these products may be lower and more manageable for companies.
It's key to remember that even though tariffs are applied to a particular country, this country isn't the one paying them. Instead, the company or person importing the product into the U.S. pays the fee.
Now, let's consider my prediction. As I said earlier, every Magnificent Seven player -- from chip companies to software makers -- is likely to feel the impact if Trump reinstates some sort of tariff for electronics products. But in my opinion the company that may be the least vulnerable is social media giant Meta Platforms (META -4.49%).
Meta's main revenue driver right now is advertising across its family of apps, which include Facebook, Messenger, WhatsApp, and Instagram. In the most recent quarter, ad revenue came in at $46 billion with total revenue of $48 billion. Advertisers flock to Meta to advertise across these apps because they know that their target audience spends so much time on them. More than 3.3 billion people worldwide use at least one of Meta's apps every day.
This source of revenue doesn't involve importing a product subject to tariffs into the U.S., and that's fantastic news for Meta. That said, the company isn't completely immune to these taxes because it has been building a presence in artificial intelligence (AI), requiring the purchase of chips and other materials. And Meta has ventured into other areas such as virtual reality, producing, for example, headsets in Vietnam. This means Meta could face higher prices from suppliers and import taxes itself. On top of this, any economic slowdown following the implementation of tariffs could weigh on ad spending, hurting Meta's revenue growth. But, compared to other Magnificent Seven players, this company may face lighter headwinds.
While Meta is well placed to dodge tariff impacts, there also are long-term reasons to buy this stock. As mentioned, Meta is a social media powerhouse, and that's generated solid revenue growth over time. Considering the company's moat, or competitive advantage, I would expect this to continue. Most users of Meta's apps stick with them because they believe their contacts probably won't all follow them over to a lesser-known app.
On top of this, Meta is making gains in the area of AI, with its AI assistant, Meta AI, the most used worldwide. This could spur advertisers to spend more, as they know users will be spending more and more time on Meta apps as they use Meta AI.
Finally, now is a good moment to buy Meta due to its valuation. It's trading at 21 times forward earnings estimates, down from more than 27 just a couple of months ago.
My prediction is Meta is the safest of the Magnificent Seven stocks to buy during the current tariff turmoil, but even if the stock doesn't take off in the short term, this player has what it takes to excel in the years to come.

 

Before you buy stock in Meta Platforms, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Meta Platforms wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 156% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025


Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Randi Zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for Facebook and sister to Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. John Mackey, former CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Adria Cimino has positions in Amazon and Tesla. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Nvidia, and Tesla. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/16/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Join Stock Advisor Now to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 662.32%!** Don't Miss Out!
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.