Title: Meta trial: 5 key moments from Zuckerberg's testimony
Date: 2025-04-16 15:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-trial-5-key-moments-152043283.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
By Jody Godoy
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified this week at a high-stakes trial in Washington where the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is seeking to unwind Meta's acquisitions of prized assets Instagram and WhatsApp.
Here are five key moments from his testimony.
BREAKUP CONSIDERED
Zuckerberg in 2018 floated the idea of spinning off Instagram amid mounting pressure on Big Tech from antitrust regulators, in a sign of how seriously he took the threat of precisely the type of claims Meta now faces.
"I wonder if we should consider the extreme step of spinning Instagram out as a separate company," he said in a document shown at trial. "While most companies resist break ups, the corporate history is that most companies actually perform better after they've been split up."
"INSTAGRAM WAS BETTER"
Seeking to explain messages in which he worried that Instagram was a competitive threat, Zuckerberg said the app's camera was simply better than camera features Meta had developed.
"We were doing a build vs. buy analysis" while in the process of building a camera app, Zuckerberg said. "I thought that Instagram was better at that, so I thought it was better to buy them."
The comments appeared to bolster FTC claims that Meta chose to buy out rivals rather than compete. Meta argues that Zuckerberg's motivations do not matter because it does not have a monopoly.
SOCIAL MEDIA CHANGING
The FTC claims Meta monopolizes the market for social networks where users share with friends and family. A key piece of Meta's defense is that the social media landscape has changed vastly since it bought Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014, and even since the FTC brought the case 5 years ago.
Zuckerberg testified that now around 20% of content on Facebook and 10% on Instagram is generated by users' friends as opposed to accounts they follow based on interests.
"People just kept on engaging with more and more stuff that wasn't what their friends were doing," he said.
ALL-AD FEED
Purchasing Instagram diminished competition and let Meta manipulate the service in ways that benefited the company and not users, such as by boosting the number of ads, the FTC argues. More competition would result in better outcomes for users, such as pressure to show fewer ads, the FTC has said.
Zuckerberg defended ads, saying Meta's system is designed to "show more ad content to people who like seeing ad content."
He suggested that Meta has even contemplated introducing a feed consisting entirely of ads.
"I think we have discussed it at different points but I don't think we have done it," he said.
SLOW AGAINST TIKTOK
Zuckerberg testified that Meta was slow to recognize the threat TikTok posed in the late 2010s but that over the past few years the short video app has been the "highest competitive threat for Instagram and Facebook."
The FTC has not included TikTok or YouTube in the market where it says Meta has a monopoly, arguing that they are broadcast platforms rather than networks for connecting with friends and family.
With TikTok and YouTube included, Meta's share of the market drops below 30%, Meta has argued.
(Reporting by Jody Godoy in Washington; Editing by Mark Porter)
One of the rare Wall Street analysts who is bearish on Meta Platforms further cut his price target for the stock, saying the Facebook parent company is "starting to look vulnerable to a growth slowdown."  BNP Paribas Exane analyst Stefan Slowinksi cut his price target for Meta stock to 448 from a previous 505 in a client note late Tuesday.  Slowinski initiated coverage of Meta with the sell-equivalent call nearly 12 months ago.
The major U.S. equities indexes dropped at midday Wednesday, as semiconductor stocks tumbled amid worries about new chip export restrictions to China.
In a blockbuster antitrust trial that’s just getting underway, the Federal Trade Commission is making its case that Meta (META) abused its social-networking dominance as part of a “buy or bury” strategy to squash emerging threats.
Gold bumped the 'Magnificent Seven' tech stocks to take the top spot as a crowded trade, according to a BofA survey.
The FTC wanted $30 billion to drop its case. Zuckerberg offered much less and hoped Trump would back him up.
The Meta Platforms CEO testified that his company had legitimate business reasons for acquiring Instagram more than a decade ago.
MILAN (Reuters) -Italian luxury outerwear group Moncler on Wednesday reported a stronger than expected 1% increase in revenue in the first quarter thanks mostly to direct-to-consumer sales and Asian demand.  Sales for the Moncler brand rose 2% in the period, with no currency impact, with Asia performing better than Europe and the Americas.  The brand's wholesale business was heavily impacted by a difference in timing of deliveries between the first and second quarter compared to last year and the ongoing selection of  distributors.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.