Title: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): Jim Cramer Says “They Love the Weak Dollar” — Is This Quiet Giant Back in Favor?
Date: 2025-04-30 20:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-jnj-jim-cramer-201708830.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Details Of Trump’s Tariff Negotiations & Discusses 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the supply chain disruption that firms were facing and planning for in the wake of President Trump’s tariffs. “I think that this was the week where people said I better have an alternative supply chain, I just have to. Wherever it is, which is going to hurt the gross margins,” Cramer said.
Cramer also linked the current supply chain disruptions to the one that businesses faced during the coronavirus pandemic. Cramer mentioned an unnamed CEO who had prepared for the current disruption by learning lessons from COVID. According to Cramer:
“I’m speaking to a major CEO, at a major tech company who said, do you think that we didn’t learn anything from COVID? COVID was a total shutdown [in] China and we learned to move away from China. And China misjudged what we learned during COVID.”
The conversation then shifted to President Trump’s negotiations with America’s trading partners. While most media attention has focused on China, he mentioned negotiations with Japan and South Korea. Starting with Japan, Cramer outlined:
“I was talking to someone who has been in on the Japanese negotiations. And I asked for color. And he said, they’re color-full. But that someone’s playing very hardball, in our country, and I presume, that someone is, obviously our President. And I said, does he know that you are our friends, and he just didn’t respond. I thought it was interesting.”
As for Korea, he believes that the country is the Trump administration’s favorite due to its already sizable manufacturing presence in the US. Cramer shared:
“My answer on Korea is, that. . . they are loved. . . Okay, so Korea builds plants here right, and they are not the plants like the Germans they are not assembly plants, they make everything here, so they are brought up, constantly as the paradigm, like why can’t you guys be like Korea? Where all the intellectual property is made here. And I think it’s rather amazing. . .I brought them up as being why are they getting a free ride to some people? And they said no, there’s no free ride, they actually listened to what we wanted.”
Of course, since China is the President’s first target when it comes to negotiations, it was unsurprising that the country came up. Cramer isn’t a fan of China. What amazed Cramer was Hayman Capital Management founder and CIO, Kyle Bass’s comments where he outlined “one country lies, one country doesn’t. . .China lies. Look I find these talks unfathomable. I don’t see any progress.”
As for who has the cards in the negotiations between the US and China, Cramer said: “Well, that’s the problem. We don’t know.”
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 25th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 98
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is a well-known healthcare company. The tariff-induced selloff in growth stocks and in those that have exposure to China has translated into tailwinds for the firm. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ)’s shares are up by 7.9% year-to-date as investors have flocked to firms with domestic US exposure. In his previous comments about the firm, Cramer said that the market is operating in a forgiving environment for Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Here are his latest thoughts:
“You said it yourself like JNJ, the thing that. . .didn’t save their quarter, but what made it so that you kind of liked it is the weak dollar. So remember most of these companies are like wow, bring it down . . . the companies themselves are very pro weak dollar. So when you speak to them offline, they love it.”
Overall, JNJ ranks 5th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of JNJ as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than JNJ but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Drugmaker executives have projected confidence they can mitigate the impact of any levies Trump imposes on the industry. Yet they're adjusting inventory and production nonetheless.
Medical stocks could see a resurgence if the economy hits a speed bump due to tariffs. But which health care stocks are worth watching?
Eli Lilly’s  first quarter was a bit better than Wall Street had anticipated, but it wasn’t enough for traders on Thursday morning, and the stock fell as  Novo Nordisk  ramped up efforts to claw back weight-loss market share.  Lilly’s weight-loss drug is the best available, and the company says it now has 53.3% of the U.S. market for incretin analogues, the class of drugs that includes its medicines Zepbound and Mounjaro.  Shares have been climbing, and the stock is up 18.9% over the past 12 months while shares of rival Novo are down 46.4% over the same period.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Bears Got ‘Pantsed’ & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Philip Morris International Inc. (NYSE:PM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed […]
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio