Title: Pharma downplays tariff threat, even as risks remain unclear
Date: 2025-05-01 12:24
URL: https://www.biopharmadive.com/news/pharma-tariffs-outlook-impact-costs/746800/?.tsrc=rss


                
                    
                        Let BioPharma Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
Drugmaker executives have projected confidence they can mitigate the impact of any levies Trump imposes on the industry. Yet they’re adjusting inventory and production nonetheless.
The threat of tariffs on pharmaceuticals imported to the U.S. hasn’t yet pushed drugmakers off course, with many of the largest companies indicating they expect to be able to absorb any impact in the short term.
Speaking on earnings calls in recent weeks, pharma executives have, for the most part, told investors their supply chains are flexible enough to mitigate the effects of new levies — for this year, at least. With a few exceptions, the large drugmakers that have reported financials for the first quarter are maintaining their sales and profit guidance for 2025.
“We’ve taken, I think, appropriate actions with inventory levels and in terms of managing our supply chain to enable us to feel comfortable we can manage it this year and in the medium term,” said Novartis CEO Vas Narasimhan in the company’s April 29 earnings call. His comments were largely consistent with those of his counterparts at other drugmakers.
“I’m cautiously optimistic,” said Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla on a separate April 29 call. “I hope that we will weather it successfully.”
Pharma products were exempted from the broad tariffs President Donald Trump announced April 2. But the U.S. Department of Commerce has opened a trade investigation that analysts expect will lead to sector-specific tariffs on national security grounds. Trump has suggested the new tax could be high, floating rates between 50% and 200%. Typically, these so-called Section 232 probes take about nine months, but it’s thought the Trump administration will move more quickly.
Executives acknowledged the uncertainty they still face, but attempted to assure analysts during earnings calls that they’ve prepared for a range of scenarios. Many have already taken steps to insulate themselves, such as by moving inventory to the U.S. or by increasing U.S.-based production of key medicines.
“Companies are aggressively importing as much product as possible ahead of potential tariffs,” wrote David Risinger, an analyst at Leerink Partners, in an April 30 note to clients. If companies have one year or more of supply already in the U.S., he added, they should be able to avoid tariffs impacting their cost of goods and profits in the near term.
Keep up with the story. Subscribe to the BioPharma Dive free daily newsletter
A few, namely Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co. and Pfizer, have also detailed the indirect costs they expect to absorb from the general tariffs already imposed by the U.S., which will raise the expense of procuring goods like steel, laboratory supplies and chemicals. J&J expects a $400 million hit, due mainly to its medical device business, while Merck and Pfizer anticipate, respectively, expenses of $200 million and $150 million.
Those general tariffs — a baseline 10% duty and much higher, “reciprocal” rates that are temporarily paused for most countries except China — have whipsawed markets and roiled the planning of companies in other sectors, like aviation, automotive and consumer goods. Firms like Walmart, Delta and GM have withdrawn their financial forecasts for the year in response.
Over the longer term, drugmakers aim to reposition their manufacturing — a yearslong process many have already begun.
“We actually had started to change and rebalance our supply chain strategy, beginning with the Tax Cut and Jobs Act, where we started moving more towards being able to have U.S. for U.S., Europe for Europe, and Asia for Asia,” Merck CEO Rob Davis said on an April 24 call, referring to the 2017 U.S. tax law that lowered corporate rates.
The tariff threat appears to have accelerated efforts like Merck’s. Since February, big pharma firms have announced more than $170 billion in planned investment in U.S.-based manufacturing, including plans for $55 billion in spending from J&J and $50 billion from Roche.
“Our goal in the coming years is to have 100% of our key U.S. products fully produced end-to-end in the U.S. and we’re on track to do that,” said Narasimhan, of Novartis, which recently committed to $23 billion in new domestic spending.
However, many large firms still have a significant manufacturing presence in countries like Ireland, Switzerland and the Netherlands, the latter of which is also a common home for companies’ valuable intellectual property. Tariffs on those countries could cause more significant problems for the industry.
Executives are advocating for the Trump administration to lean on tax policy, rather than tariffs, to achieve its goal of reshoring drug supply chains.
“We support the U.S. government’s goals to increase domestic investment,” Lilly CEO David Ricks said Thursday. “However, we don’t believe tariffs are the right mechanism. Enhanced tax incentives and/or the extension of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act are better tools to achieve these goals.”
J&J CEO Joaquin Duato made a similar point on his company’s first quarter earnings call held April 15.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
This database now covers the 50 best-selling pharmaceutical products and has been updated to reflect current patent expiry expectations. 
Recent biotech company acquisitions have put emerging schizophrenia treatments in focus. But many development hurdles still stand in the way of new medicines for the brain.
Subscribe to BioPharma Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
This database now covers the 50 best-selling pharmaceutical products and has been updated to reflect current patent expiry expectations. 
Recent biotech company acquisitions have put emerging schizophrenia treatments in focus. But many development hurdles still stand in the way of new medicines for the brain.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines
While uptake has been limited, cell therapy’s impact in cancer care is growing, and biotech companies have continued to invest in ways to improve it. Learn the latest in this Trendline.