Title: Trump Says Tariffs Politically Risky, But He’s Not Rushing Deals
Date: 2025-05-01 01:48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-tariffs-politically-risky-014826903.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — President Donald Trump acknowledged that his sweeping tariff program had risked imperiling him politically, but said he would not rush deals to appease nervous investors during a town hall on Wednesday.
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
“Yeah,” Trump said when asked by NewsNation host Bill O’Reilly if he agreed that his tariff proposals had a perception problem. “But I’m a honest guy, and we have to save the country.”
Trump went on to agree there was a significant political risk to his efforts, and that they could result in Republicans losing control of the House of Representatives in the midterm elections if those perceptions don’t change — but said he remained determined to push on.
“I just think that I’ll be able to convince people how good this is,” Trump said.
Trump spoke after a Bureau of Economic Analysis estimate showed that the US economy contracted at the start of the year for the first time since 2022, led by a surge of pre-tariffs imports and a reduction in government spending. That read, paired with an ADP Research report showing smaller-than-expected hiring in April, prompted a volatile day on Wall Street.
Many investors are eager to see progress in trade talks, with Trump and aides pledging to quickly execute marathon negotiations with dozens of trading partners. Trump said he had “potential deals” with South Korea, Japan, and India but that he was “in less of a hurry” than those expressing anxiety over the economy.
“We are sitting on the cat bird seat. They want us. We don’t need them,” Trump said, adding that India wanted to “make a deal so bad.”
Trump also said that while there was a “very good chance” he would strike a deal with China, “we’re going to make it on our terms and it’s got to be fair.”
Yet the US and China are not having official trade talks yet, US Trade Representative Jamieson Greer said in a Fox News interview Wednesday.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said in a CNBC interview that it’s up to China to take the first step in de-escalating the tariff fight with the US due to the imbalance of trade between the two nations.
However, Trump’s administration has been the one seeking contact with Beijing to initiate talks on tariffs, according to a Chinese state-run media outlet.
When O’Reilly said that he’d heard some deals with other nations had been essentially agreed, and that their announcements could prompt a surge in stock prices, Trump said they were “potential deals,” then said, “that’s OK, it can wait two weeks.”
Despite Trump’s bravado, the president acknowledged his tariffs were difficult to explain because his approach demanded that he had to stake an extreme position to strike a deal, only to pull back as part of talks.
“You can’t just be hard line, and I’m going to run right through a wall and I’m never going to go over it or around it, I’m going to go straight — you have to be able to dodge and move,” Trump said.
Aides have worked to signal to Wall Street that negotiations were proceeding apace. Earlier Wednesday, Greer said he believed the US was nearing an announcement of a first tranche of trade deals
“I would say that we have deals that are close,” Greer said Wednesday in an interview with Fox News. “As a negotiator, I don’t like to negotiate in public, but I will say we’re talking about a matter of weeks and not months, to have some initial deals announced.”
Greer said he was not “finish line close” with negotiations with India, but said he had a standing call with the country’s chief trade negotiator. He added that he would be meeting with South Korean negotiators “pretty soon” and that those talks were “going in the right direction.”
The trade representative said he also planned to meet with Japan, Guyana and Saudi Arabia on Thursday, with an additional meeting with representatives from the Philippines on Friday. Other administration officials have indicated that a deal with Asian trading partners who immediately engaged with the administration were likely to be the first to be announced.
Greer also said newly elected Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney was a “serious person” and that the representative’s office was at the ready to engage in trade negotiations. Carney is expected to visit with Trump in the near future.
The US president spent much of the day defending his economic agenda and attempting to cast blame for the GDP contraction at the feet of his predecessor, former President Joe Biden.
“This is the Biden economy,” Trump said Wednesday before adding, “we’ve had a lot of things happen since November 5 that helped this economy.” He was speaking at an event with dozens of corporate executives at the White House intended to highlight investments in the US economy made during his first 100 days in office.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) has fallen more than 8% since Trump took office, and consumer confidence in April hit a near five-year low. But Trump argued to leaders from General Electric (GE), Hyundai Motor Co. (005380.KS, HYMTF), Toyota Motor Co. (TM, 7203.T), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Eli Lilly (LLY), Nvidia Corp. (NVDA) and SoftBank Group Corp. (9984.T, SFTBY)that his tariffs were inspiring an unprecedented surge in domestic investment.
“Every new factory and every new job created is a sign of strength in American economy and a declaration of confidence in America’s future,” Trump said at the event.
—With assistance from Hadriana Lowenkron, Romy Varghese and Daniel Flatley.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
(Reuters) -The fortunes of Big Tech are diverging in a rapidly changing business landscape, as demand for artificial intelligence fuels growth in cloud and digital ads while consumer electronics take a battering from President Donald Trump's global trade war.  AI came to the rescue of earnings at Microsoft and Google-parent Alphabet in their March quarter, offering investors hope that their billion-dollar bets on the technology would help them ride out the fallout from sweeping U.S. tariffs.Their upbeat commentary stood in stark contrast to gloomy predictions from companies more exposed to tightening consumer budgets: chipmakers Qualcomm, Samsung Electronics, and Intel warned that economic uncertainty caused by Trump's attempts to reorder global trade was hurting their businesses.
MELBOURNE (Reuters) -Aluminium producer Alcoa said on Thursday its order book for the second quarter remains robust and it has yet to see a drop in orders related to U.S. tariffs, while also noting that this week's power outage in Spain posed risks to its business there.  Since taking office, U.S. President Donald Trump has imposed a flat 25% tariff on aluminum imports "without exceptions or exemptions" in a bid to lift U.S. production of the metal.
The automaker's cumulative investments total over $2.8 billion since it began production in the state in 1998.
The Bank of England is expected to lower interest rates by a quarter point on May 8 as U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs darken the global growth outlook, and some economists think the BoE will soon need to speed up its gradual approach to rate cuts.  BoE Governor Andrew Bailey, speaking in Washington last week after the International Monetary Fund downgraded UK and global growth prospects, said he was taking "very seriously" the risks posed by Trump's tariffs.
TOKYO (Reuters) -Japanese trading houses Mitsui & Co, Sumitomo Corp and Sojitz on Thursday issued cautious profit forecasts for the current fiscal year as U.S. tariffs threaten global supply chains and increase economic uncertainty.  Japan's top trade negotiator Ryosei Akazawa is in the United States this week trying to negotiate a tariff deal with President Donald Trump's administration.  The Bank of Japan on Thursday sharply cut its economic growth forecast for the year ending March 2026 to 0.5% from 1.1% and kept interest rates unchanged, as tariffs weigh on exports.
We recently published a list of 11 Best Augmented Reality Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best augmented reality stocks to buy according to hedge funds. According to a report by Mordor Intelligence, the global AR […]
McDonald's posted a surprise drop in first-quarter global comparable sales on Thursday, as demand from cash-strapped diners in the U.S. and Europe faltered on uncertainty sparked by chaotic tariffs.  The world's largest fast-food chain is navigating the "toughest of market conditions", CEO Chris Kempczinski said as restaurant visits by lower- and middle-income customers fell in double-digit range from last year.  The results echoed warnings from restaurant operators Domino's Pizza, Chipotle Mexican Grill and Starbucks that Americans were spending less to dine out as inflation and bleak economic outlook dent consumer confidence.
General Motors warned Trump administration auto tariffs will have a negative impact of $4 billion to $5 billion in full-year profit.
Artificial intelligence (AI) could be the most valuable financial opportunity in the history of the semiconductor industry.  Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang thinks data center spending will top $1 trillion per year by 2028, purely because of AI.  The iShares Semiconductor ETF holds 30 of the highest-quality stocks that could benefit from the AI spending boom.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio