Title: Top Stock Reports for Amazon.com, Johnson & Johnson & Cisco Systems
Date: 2025-04-30 21:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-stock-reports-amazon-com-210200739.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Wednesday, April 30, 2025The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO), as well as a micro-cap NeurAxis, Inc. (NRXS). The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You can see all of today’s research reports here >>>Ahead of Wall StreetThe daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens, attempting to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.You can read today's AWS here >>> First Negative GDP in 3+ Years: -0.3%; Pre-Markets DownToday's Featured Research ReportsShares of Amazon.com have gained +0.4% over the past year against the Zacks Internet - Commerce industry’s gain of +13.4%. The company’s top-line is driven by steady momentum in Prime and AWS. Strengthening AWS services portfolio and its growing adoption rate is contributing well to AWS performance. Ultra-fast delivery services and expanding content portfolio are beneficial. Strengthening relationships with third-party sellers is a positive.A robust advertising business is also contributing well. Amazon’s expanding global presence remains a positive. Growing capabilities in grocery, pharmacy, healthcare and autonomous driving are other positives. Deepening focus on generative AI is a major plus. We expect 2025 net sales to increase 8.6% from 2025.However, Amazon announced disappointing guidance for the first quarter. Management cited foreign exchange headwinds and the absence of an extra Leap Year Day as factors likely to impact growth in the current quarter.(You can read the full research report on Amazon.com here >>>)Johnson & Johnson’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Large Cap Pharmaceuticals industry over the year-to-date period (+8.3% vs. +3.5%). The company beat Q1 estimates for earnings and sales. J&J’s Innovative Medicine unit is showing a growth trend, driven by existing products like Darzalex, Tremfya and Erleada and continued uptake of new launches, including Spravato, Carvykti and Tecvayli.J&J is making rapid progress with its pipeline and has been on an acquisition spree lately, which has strengthened this pipeline. However, sales in the MedTech segment have slowed down due to headwinds in Asia-Pacific markets like China and competitive pressure in some categories.The launch of Stelara generics is eroding the drug’s sales in 2025. Uncertainty around the talc lawsuits remains. The potential impact of pharma tariffs in an uncertain economic landscape is still an overhang.(You can read the full research report on Johnson & Johnson here >>>)Shares of Cisco Systems have gained +24.3% over the past year against the Zacks Computer - Networking industry’s gain of +25%. The company’s business model has evolved with subscription revenues accounting for more than half of its total revenues. An increase in its recurring revenue base bodes well for investors. The Splunk acquisition enhances these recurring revenues.The buyout significantly expands Cisco’s portfolio of software-based solutions, contributing more than $4 billion in ARR and making it one of the largest software companies in the world. The launch of AI-powered Hypershield, which combines security and networking, strengthened Cisco’s security portfolio.However, it has been suffering from sluggish networking sales, primarily due to lackluster demand from telecommunication and cable services providers, as well as stiff competition. Cisco’s prospects are further challenged in the AI-driven networking space due to stiffening competition.(You can read the full research report on Cisco Systems here >>>)NeurAxis’ shares have outperformed the Zacks Medical Info Systems industry over the year-to-date period (+5.5% vs. +4.9%). This microcap company with a market capitalization of $16.02 million has delivered 43% revenue growth in fourth-quarter 2024, driven by 45% unit growth and insurance expansion from 4 million to 51 million lives.Regulatory milestones, including FDA clearance for broader age use and upcoming CPT I code activation (January 2026), enhance scalability. IB-Stim targets a pediatric gut-brain disorder market valued at more than $8 billion, and the RED device expands into a $2 billion adult diagnostic market.While revenue growth, liquidity ($3.7 million cash) and gross margins (86.4% in the fourth quarter) are solid, risks include delayed CPT benefits, insurance adoption lag, concentration in IB-Stim, cash burn, margin pressure from discount programs and emerging MedTech competition. The stock is currently valued below its historical median on both EV/Sales and P/S metrics, aligning closely with industry averages.(You can read the full research report on NeurAxis here >>>)Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (CDNS), Aon plc (AON) and Equifax Inc. (EFX).Mark VickerySenior EditorNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>>
Amazon (AMZN) Rides on Prime & AWS Amid Rising Competition
J&J's (JNJ) Innovative Medicine Strong, MedTech Slows Down
Cisco (CSCO) Benefits From Strong Security Products Adoption
Cadence (CDNS) Benefits from Diversified Product PortfolioPer the Zacks analyst, Cadence's performance is gaining from solid demand amid accelerated chip design activity. Stiff competition and uncertain macroeconomic conditions remain concerns.
Aon's (AON) Strategic Acquisitions Aid, Expenses Woes LingerPer the Zacks analyst, several acquisitions and collaborations are helping AON enhance its capabilities and driving its profit growth. However, rising expenses remain a concern.
Equifax (EFX) Benefits From Acquisitions Amid Low LiquidityPer the Zacks analyst, acquisitions have enabled Equifax to provide a broad insight into consumer performance and explore market opportunities over time. Low liquidity is concerning.
Cincinnati Financial (CINF) Benefits From Commercial LinesPer the Zacks analyst, consistent progress at the Commercial Lines segment backed by solid premiums earned contributes to revenue growth of Cincinnati Financial. However, high costs weigh on margins.
Gentex (GNTX) to Ride on VOXX Buyout Amid Cost HeadwindsWhile Gentex's portfolio benefits from the addition of VOXX's automotive, consumer electronics and audio businesses, high R&D and engineering expenses may limit margins, per the Zacks analyst.
Demand Aids Cousins Properties (CUZ), Interest Expenses HurtPer the Zacks Analyst, Cousins Properties is to benefit from tenants' solid demand for premier office spaces amid slow new starts and improving return to office. Yet, high interest expenses hurt.
NOV Inc. (NOV) to Gain from Strong Offshore DemandThe Zacks analyst sees NOV's deepwater equipment demand as a long-term growth driver but remains concerned about tariff impacts and trade tensions weighing on near-term profitability.
Investments, Appalachian Assets Aid National Fuel Gas (NFG)Per the Zacks analyst, National Fuel Gas' systematic investment to further strengthen its midstream operations and strong presence in the Appalachian region will boost its performance.
Integer Holdings (ITGR) Rises on Innovation, Key M&A DealsPer the Zacks analyst, Integer Holdings is benefiting from portfolio optimization and the divestiture of its Non-Medical unit. Strong R&D and strategic acquisitions fuel its MedTech growth ambitions
Strong Sales for Nerlynx Aid Puma Biotech's (PBYI) RevenuesPer the Zacks analyst, Puma Biotech's cancer drug, Nerlynx, is witnessing consistent sales growth in the United States. The acquisition of alisertib also holds promise as it possess huge potential
Alaska Air (ALK) is Weighed Down by Macroeconomic UncertaintyPer the Zacks Analyst, ALK is hurt by tariff-induced economic uncertainties and the resultant reduction in consumer and corporate confidence, which is leading to a slowdown in air travel demand.
Soft Margin at Segments Weigh on FEMSA's (FMX) Bottom LinePer the Zacks analyst FEMSA grapples with soft operating margins across all segments, except Health division, on operating expense deleverage. This weighed on earning performance in first-quarter 2025
Tariff Costs & Soft Demand to Hurt Masco's (MAS) PerformancePer the Zacks analyst, Masco's prospects are hindered by higher costs from new tariffs and soft demand across segments, as consumers remain cautious in a weak economic environment.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Equifax, Inc. (EFX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Aon plc (AON) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Cadence Design Systems, Inc. (CDNS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Neuraxis, Inc. (NRXS): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Medical stocks could see a resurgence if the economy hits a speed bump due to tariffs. But which health care stocks are worth watching?
The latest trading day saw IonQ, Inc. (IONQ) settling at $27.38, representing a -0.29% change from its previous close.
Drugmaker executives have projected confidence they can mitigate the impact of any levies Trump imposes on the industry. Yet they're adjusting inventory and production nonetheless.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Juniper (JNPR) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
The tariff-induced slowdown in domestic air travel demand hit the first-quarter results of the likes of AAL and LUV.
Cisco (CSCO) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio