Title: Q1 earnings pulse check: companies tentative on pharma-specific tariffs
Date: 2025-05-02 15:06
URL: https://www.pharmaceutical-technology.com/news/q1-earnings-pulse-check-companies-tentative-on-pharma-specific-tariffs/?.tsrc=rss

Whilst 2025 outlooks include cost impacts from existing tariffs, companies have not adjusted their guidance for future pharma-specific ones. 
While many pharmaceutical companies have calculated cost hits associated with US tariffs, they are reiterating that looming pharma-specific tariffs create an uncertain financial outlook for the year ahead.
The first-quarter (Q1) earnings season has provided an opportunity for pharmaceutical companies to comment on the financial impact of existing tariffs and offer clues as to how future tariffs could affect 2025 performance. 

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            

                    Find out more
                    




A common theme among Q1 earnings reports was a 2025 guidance that included the impact of current tariffs whilst excluding any future effects from pharmaceutical sector-specific ones. That instead left executives commenting on the nature of future impacts, as opposed to a material figure.
For those who have released Q1 results, many are already performing above estimates, with executives expressing confidence in their company’s ability to navigate the much-changed trade economy. 
Pharmaceutical Technology analysed select Q1 earnings reports and equity research notes from William Blair.
Modelling has become as critical as ever for companies this year. BioMarin Pharmaceutical, for example, said that whilst its current guidance does not reflect future pharmaceutical tariffs, it is modelling all scenarios and evaluating potential mitigating tactics.
Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis.
Moderna stated it would incur minimal impact from potential tariffs, with the US big pharma’s drug substance currently produced in the 200,000ft² manufacturing facility in Massachusetts. The company also expects new overseas production facilities to be operational this year, helping regional supplies of its products.
UK-headquartered GSK, meanwhile, said it remains confident in its ability to absorb the impacts of potential pharmaceutical tariffs in the US by increasing operational efficiency, supply chain resilience and further expansion of its US manufacturing footprint.
Expanding production to US manufacturing has been the name of the game for many pharma companies. Roche, for example, outlaid $50bn (SFr41.22bn) in investments for pharmaceuticals and diagnostics in the US over the next five years to counter Trump’s tariffs.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J), which announced its own $55m US manufacturing investment in March 2025, was one of several companies to place a number on tariff costs. It expects a $400m hit tied to existing and newly proposed tariffs, although most of this burden will fall on its medtech division.
Pfizer expects a lower hit than J&J, forecasting costs of around $150m due to existing tariffs this year. Whilst other companies have been quick to double down in the US manufacturing space, CEO Albert Bourla said that uncertainty around Trump’s planned pharmaceutical tariffs is deterring further investment in the country. 
MSD’s CEO Rob Davis pointed to $200m in added costs for existing tariffs, mostly via China. The company plans to spend $9bn on US manufacturing and research and development.
Regardless of how pharma companies’ financials look after further tariffs are implemented, effects are still likely to be felt by patients. Analysis by GlobalData indicates that pharmaceutical tariffs could create a pivotal moment in the industry that may reshape consumer access to medicine. How companies deal with tariffs will be a key factor in dictating the prices and availability of drugs in the US in 2025.
GlobalData is the parent company of Pharmaceutical Technology.
Navigate the shifting tariff landscape with real-time data and market-leading analysis.
Request a free demo for GlobalData’s Strategic Intelligence here.

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    




Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 





                                                                                                                        Pharma Technology Focus : Pharmaceutical Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the pharmaceutical industry
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.