Title: Trump Says Pharmaceutical Tariffs Coming ‘Very Shortly’
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 09-40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-pharmaceutical-tariffs-coming-094047688.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.
President Donald Trump said his long-promised tariffs on pharmaceutical drugs will be coming soon, the latest signal that he plans to press ahead with more sectoral tariffs despite market fallout from his global levies.
“We are going to be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals,” Trump said Tuesday at a fundraising gala for House Republicans, without providing details on the planned levy.
“Once we do that, they’re going to come rushing back into our country, because we’re the big market,” Trump said. “The advantage we have over everybody is that we’re the big market.”
Subscribe to the Bloomberg Daybreak podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen.​​​​​​
Trump has long bemoaned a lack of domestic pharmaceutical production and has repeatedly promised tariffs to bring more capacity into the country.
An index of European health care companies dropped to a two-and-a-half-year low on Wednesday, with shares in AstraZeneca Plc, Novo Nordisk A/S and Roche Holding AG falling around 7% before paring losses.
A lack of information about the place of manufacturing of drug components makes any assessment of the impact of potential tariffs challenging, analysts John Murphy and Sam Fazeli from Bloomberg Intelligence said in a note. But companies with the lowest gross margins could face the biggest adverse earnings impact, they said, pointing to Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Pfizer Inc. and Sanofi SA.
Trump’s administration has signaled that they’ll use so-called section 232 powers to enact the levies, though they haven’t launched the prerequisite investigation. “We’ll be announcing pharmaceuticals at some point in the not too distant future,” Trump said on March 24. “We don’t make pharmaceuticals anymore and if we have problems like wars or anything else, we need steel, we need pharmaceuticals.”
Trump has already applied 25% sectoral tariffs on steel, aluminum and automobiles, while launching the process to also enact them on copper. In addition to pharmaceuticals, his administration has separately pledged additional sectoral levies including on lumber and semiconductor chips, though timing and details are unclear.
Trump’s sweeping “reciprocal” tariffs announced last week, which have sapped trillions in value from American markets, exempted sectors that either already have, or may soon have, their own levies.
--With assistance from Sonja Wind and Hadriana Lowenkron.
(Updates with share-price moves and context after fourth paragraph.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
If you're a dividend investor, now can be an ideal time to go bargain-hunting.  The stock market is in the midst of a broad sell-off, with investors dumping all types of stocks, both bad ones and good ones.  Three dividend stocks that are near their 52-week lows and which may make for solid income-generating investments are Pfizer (NYSE: PFE), Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), and Rogers Communications (NYSE: RCI).
The P/B ratio helps to identify low-priced stocks with high growth prospects. GM, JD, PFE, STNE and ENS are some such stocks.
The drug met the primary endpoint of the HERCULES trial.
The CMS announced a hike in MA payments for fiscal year 2026, which will likely deliver a notable boost to UNH & HUM's bottom lines.
India is considering measures such as extending interest subsidies on bank loans and offering incentives to help exporters to diversify amid rising global uncertainty after the U.S. tariff hikes, two government sources said.  A 26% tariff on Indian exports - alongside even steeper duties on some other countries like China - has escalated trade tensions, and raised concerns among Indian exporters of gems and jewellery, chemicals, pharmaceutical and engineering goods.  The proposed support measures could be discussed at a meeting late on Wednesday, convened by Commerce and Industry Minister Piyush Goyal, with nearly 30 export promotion councils representing millions of exporters, said one of the government sources with the knowledge of the matter.
Companies in The News Are: UNH, TSLA, CEG, ALB
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Lead Rally Amid Market Bloodbath. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that lead rally amid market bloodbath. The stock market took a battering anew on Tuesday, with all major indices registering steep losses as […]
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
