Title: Delta, Walmart, pharmaceutical stocks_ Market Minute
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 15-15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/delta-walmart-pharmaceutical-stocks-market-151538726.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Catalysts host Madison Mills goes over some of the top stories of the day on this segment of Market Minute.
Delta Air Lines (DAL) cut its full-year guidance as uncertainty around tariffs weighs on bookings.
Walmart (WMT) walks back its first quarter profit guidance, citing tariff risks.
Pharmaceutical stocks, including Pfizer (PFE), Novo Nordisk (NVO), and Eli Lilly (LLY), are under pressure after President Trump announced that there may be pharmaceutical tariffs underway.
Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute.
It's time for Yahoo! Finance's market minute. Stocks mixed. The Dow and S&P 500 you can see are under pressure. The tech heavy NASDAQ just above the flat line here, as investors digest the escalating trade war. Delta Airlines cut its flight expansion plans and said it can't reaffirm or update its full-year guidance. The CEO saying uncertainty around tariffs is leading to disappointing bookings, calling Trump's policies "the wrong approach." Delta shares are continuing to move to the upside now. Walmart walking back its first-quarter operating profit guidance citing tariff risks. The retailer saying it wants to "maintain flexibility to invest in price" as tariffs are implemented. Walmart shares are higher by about 3%. And shares of pharmaceutical stocks under pressure after President Trump confirmed tariffs on the sector are coming "very shortly." Trump did not provide guidance on when the announcement could be made, what will be targeted, or how much the tariffs will be.
That's your Yahoo! Finance market minute. For more on what's trending, scan the QR code to track the best and worst performing stocks.
Delta Air Lines scraps its full-year guidance Wednesday and warns ‘growth has largely stalled’ amid global economic uncertainty.
We recently published a list of Deep Value Stocks ETFs: Top 10 Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where iShares Focused Value Factor ETF (NYSE:FOVL) stands against other deep value ETFs to invest in. This year, growth stocks are largely overvalued, trading at massive premiums compared to the riotous […]
Although the revenue and EPS for Constellation Brands (STZ) give a sense of how its business performed in the quarter ended February 2025, it might be worth considering how some key metrics compare with Wall Street estimates and the year-ago numbers.
Novo Nordisk continues its sizeable manufacturing investments to meet increasing drug demands.
The grocer spent nearly $700 million on fees related to the failed merger attempt in 2024 alone, according to a regulatory filing.
Why investors should use the Zacks Earnings ESP tool to help find stocks that are poised to top quarterly earnings estimates.
AMT's subsidiary CoreSite acquires Denver Gas & Electric Building to further expand its Denver market presence.
PC shipments rose 4.9% in the first quarter of 2025, but looming tariffs and inflation threaten to derail the market's momentum.
Why investors should use the Zacks Earnings ESP tool to help find stocks that are poised to top quarterly earnings estimates.
We came across a bullish thesis on The Progressive Corporation (PGR) on Substack by Charly AI. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on PGR. The Progressive Corporation (PGR)’s share was trading at $260.38 as of April 8th. PGR’s trailing and forward P/E were 18.08 and 17.45 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. The Progressive Corporation […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
