Title: Dow Jones, S&P 500 Pharma Names Recover After Trump Backs Off His Tariffs Plan
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 14-06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/be7d1b24-7c1e-38ff-91b2-281ea7807568/dow-jones%2C-s%26p-500-pharma.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Pharma names whipsawed Wednesday after Trump said he would enact "major" tariffs on drug imports and then backed off his tariffs — for now.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Insurance Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Aon plc (NYSE:AON) stands against the other insurance stocks held by hedge funds. The insurance stocks have done better in 2025 despite the losses from wildfires […]
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Insurance Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chubb Limited (NYSE:CB) stands against the other insurance stocks held by hedge funds. The insurance stocks have done better in 2025 despite the losses from wildfires […]
Steer clear if you notice these warning signs when considering P2P lending.
The stock market swung wildly between gains and losses again on Wednesday as investors held their breath amid tariff negotiations.  The Nasdaq Composite was up 1.7% as dip buying in chip stocks helped lift the tech-heavy index.  Wall Street is holding out hopes that President Donald Trump's steep tariffs will be dialed back through negotiations.
We recently published a list of 13 Best Big Data Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Datadog, Inc. (NASDAQ:DDOG) stands against other best big data stocks to buy according to analysts. The big data companies focus on collecting, storing, and analyzing huge amounts […]
We recently published a list of 20 Stocks Insiders Bought in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Sinclair, Inc. (NASDAQ:SBGI) stands against other stocks that insiders bought in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. President Donald Trump called April 2 a “Liberation Day” after signing […]
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Insurance Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (NYSE:AJG) stands against the other insurance stocks held by hedge funds. The insurance stocks have done better in 2025 despite the […]
We recently published a list of 14 Best Farmland and Agriculture Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. (NASDAQ:CALM) stands against other best farmland and agriculture stocks to buy now. The American Agriculture Sector and Trump’s Tariffs At the beginning of March, the […]
We recently published a list of 20 Stocks Insiders Bought in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (NYSEAMERICAN:GTE) stands against other stocks that insiders bought in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. President Donald Trump called April 2 a “Liberation Day” […]
The market is suffering under the weight of President Donald Trump's tariffs on trading partners, as investors try to understand how they'll affect companies.  One growth stock that's fallen hard this year is Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), which is down 20% year to date, as of this writing.  Here's why I think now could be a good time to buy Amazon stock.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
