Title: Vaxcyte Stock Plummets 56% in a Month_ Here's the Reason
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 17-07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vaxcyte-stock-plummets-56-month-170700030.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Vaxcyte PCVX is a clinical-stage biotech focused on developing vaccines to prevent or treat bacterial infectious diseases.
In the past month, PCVX's shares have nosedived 56%. This downside came after Vaxcyte reported mixed results from a phase II study on its investigational pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV) in healthy infants.
Adding to this headwind, the broader biotech/drug sector is feeling the pressure from the resignation of a senior FDA official instrumental in driving biotech innovation, which has raised alarms around the agency’s ability to maintain momentum on innovation and regulatory clarity.
Vaxcyte’s shares have plummeted more than 62% year to date compared with the industry’s 8% decline, as seen in the chart below. During this timeframe, the stock has also underperformed the broader Medical sector and the S&P 500 Index. The company’s shares are also trading below its 50 and 200-day moving averages.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Last week, Vaxcyte reported top-line results from the mid-stage study that evaluated its 24-valent PCV VAX-24 against Pfizer’s PFE Prevnar 20. The Pfizer vaccine is approved for preventing invasive pneumococcal disease (IPD) caused by 20 serotypes, all of which are included in the Vaxcyte vaccine, along with four additional ones.
Data from this dose-finding study showed that the mid-dose of VAX-24 met the non-inferiority criteria for seroconversion and showed robust immune responses across all serotypes, particularly for the highest circulating ones. However, the vaccine did not meet the non-inferiority criteria for four of the 24 serotypes compared with Pfizer’s Prevnar 20. This mixed result was a major reason behind the decline in PCVX's share price.
Additionally, VAX-24 was well-tolerated and demonstrated a safety and tolerability profile similar to Pfizer’s Prevnar 20. The mid-dose of VAX-24 also met the target IgG Geometric Mean Ratio and generated strong opsonophagocytic assay responses, which are considered key markers for protection against IPD.
Based on these results, Vaxcyte has selected the mid-dose formulation of VAX-24 for potential advancement into late-stage development. Depending on the top-line results from the ongoing mid-stage study on its investigational 31-valent PCV vaccine VAX-31 in infants, expected in mid-2026, the company plans to start a phase III study in infants with either VAX-24 or VAX-31.
Vaxcyte intends to report full post-dose 4 booster data for VAX-24 by the end of this year.
Vaxcyte currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).
Vaxcyte, Inc. | Vaxcyte, Inc. Quote
Some better-ranked stocks from the sector are ANI Pharmaceuticals ANIP and 89bio ETNB. While ANIP currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), ETNB carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
In the past 60 days, estimates for ANI Pharmaceuticals’ 2025 earnings per share (EPS) have risen from $5.54 to $6.35. EPS estimates for 2026 have increased from $6.75 to $7.21 during the same period.
ANI Pharmaceuticals’ earnings beat estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average surprise of 17.32%.
Estimates for 89bio’s loss per share have narrowed from $2.51 to $1.98 for 2025 in the past 60 days. During the same time frame, estimates for 2026 loss per share have improved from $2.94 to $2.15.
89bio’s earnings missed estimates in three of the trailing four quarters and beat the mark on one occasion, delivering an average negative surprise of 46.18%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ANIP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
89BIO (ETNB) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Vaxcyte, Inc. (PCVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other best stocks for 15 years. Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated level […]
We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best stocks for 15 years. Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated […]
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved DexCom, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:DXCM) Dexcom G7 15-Day Continuous Glucose Monitoring System for people over 18 with diabetes. With an overall Mean Absolute Relative Difference (MARD) of 8.0%, Dexcom G7 15 Day builds on the performance of Dexcom CGM, which is clinically proven to lower A1C, reduce hyper- and hypoglycemia, and increase time in range. Also Read: Trump Tariffs Spare Drugmakers But Threaten Diabetes Device Industry New with Dexcom G7 15 Day Longe
The company produces most of its iPhones in China, which is subject to 145% tariffs.
Three companies recently announced progression in their clinical research for next-generation Covid-19 vaccines: INOVIO, Ocugen, and Pfizer.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
