Title: Goldman Sachs Trounces Views, Sees 'Markedly Different' Environment In Q2
Date: 2025-04-14 20:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/57285fd5-fb6b-35b8-a4cd-cb0d2eb82c39/goldman-sachs-trounces-views%2C.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Goldman Sachs earnings beat Q1 views as global banking revenue offset declines elsewhere. The Dow giant was cautious on Q2. But GS stock rose. (Bloomberg) -- Oil held steady as traders weighed the latest US moves in the global trade war, as well as the prospect of looser restrictions on Iranian crude.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageWest Texas Intermediate settled little changed near $61.50 a barrel, and Brent Goldman Sachs  on Monday reported first-quarter profit that beat analyst expectations as tumultuous markets proved a double-edged sword.  The bank’s trading business boomed, benefiting from market swings, while revenue from investment bankers’ advisory work declined.  Goldman’s stock and bond traders took advantage of volatile markets, which can create opportunities for making big bets. Zai Lab Limited (ZLAB) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions could translate into further price increase in the near term. Companies In The Article Are:JPM,MS,WFC,BK NEW YORK (Reuters) -Goldman Sachs beat first-quarter profit estimates as its traders capitalized on volatile markets to bring in record equities revenue, but the bank's CEO warned of a difficult environment ahead.  The Wall Street bank joined rivals JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley in reporting higher profits, but investors are more focused on future projections as tariffs increase inflation and recession risks.  "While we are entering the second quarter with a markedly different operating environment than earlier this year, we remain confident in our ability to continue to support our clients," said CEO David Solomon, who noted the "great uncertainty" that hung over markets in the first quarter. A surge in trading activity fueled by investor uncertainty about President Trump’s policies is minting money for  Goldman Sachs  and other big banks.  The Wall Street firm joined  JPMorgan Chase  and  Morgan Stanley  in reporting a bigger profit for the first quarter, fueled by record revenue in its equities trading and lending unit.  Banks have been raking in fees as investors reposition their portfolios in anticipation of how Trump’s trade and other economic policies might rattle markets. JP Morgan and Houlihan Lokey have been identified as the leading financial advisers in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) for the first quarter of 2025, according to the latest financial advisers league table published by GlobalData. This ranking evaluates financial advisers based on the value and volume of M&A transactions they have facilitated. According to GlobalData’s… Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... It is very rare for an ordinary household to owe money on gifts. The gift tax has a somewhat complicated two-tier structure. Each year you can give up to an annual amount (the "annual exclusion") without paying, or even reporting, anything on your taxes. Then, over your lifetime, you have a significantly higher amount that […] The post I Want to Give $65k to My Daughter and Her Husband. Will We Have to Pay Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
