Title: Apple, Nvidia, Goldman Sachs: Market Minute
Date: 2025-04-14 15:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-nvidia-goldman-sachs-market-151740191.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Madison Mills takes a look at the top stories on Wall Street in just 60 seconds on today's Market Minute. Possible tariff reprieve sends tech stocks like Apple (AAPL) higher. Nvidia (NVDA) will invest in the US as it plans to build artificial intelligence (AI) supercomputers domestically. Goldman Sachs's (GS) first quarter earnings beat analyst estimates. Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute. It's time for Yahoo! Finance's Market Minute. Stocks rising to start the week as investors navigate changing trade policies. Apple shares jumping as President Trump grants tech some reprieve from tariffs. Smartphones, computers, and other consumer electronics are exempt from those reciprocal tariffs, but will still face sector specific levies in the near future. Meantime, Nvidia announcing it's working with its partners to produce AI supercomputers entirely in the US for the first time. The chipmaker plans to make up to half a trillion dollars of AI infrastructure investments into the United States through partnerships like with the likes of TSMC and Foxconn. Nvidia is already producing Blackwell chips at a plant in Phoenix, Arizona. And Goldman Sachs topping analyst expectations in its latest quarter, its profit jumping 15% year over year, boosted by its trading business as investors take advantage of volatile markets to make big bets. That's your Yahoo! Finance Market Minute. For more on what's trending, scan the QR code to track the best and worst performing stocks. Money market account interest rates today are well above historical norms. Find out where to get the best MMA rates. Without a doubt, Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) is one of the most intriguing stocks on the market.  The polemical views on the company portray it as either a damaged brand with an aging lineup of vehicles on the cusp of being exposed as a hugely overvalued car company -- or a technology company about to explode by unveiling its primary value creator, robotaxis, in due course.  First up, some simple math to illustrate how Tesla might make you a millionaire. A weaker-than-expected revenue report was the news item driving down LVMH Moët Hennessy -- Louis Vuitton's (OTC: LVMUY) American depositary shares (ADS) on Monday.  On Sunday, LVMH published details of its first-quarter revenue, showing that its total top line for the period was just over 20.3 billion euros ($23.1 billion).  Fashion and leather goods, by far its most significant in terms of revenue, was buffeted by a 5% decline from the first-quarter 2024 result, bringing in $11.5 billion. Apple stock rose Monday on news that smartphones, PCs and other electronics received an exemption from U.S. reciprocal tariffs. Allegro had said in March that a sweetened $35.10 per share offer from Onsemi was "inadequate", just a few months after the smaller chip firm turned down a $34.50 a share proposal.  "We have decided to withdraw our acquisition proposal given the reluctance of Allegro’s Board of Directors to fully engage and explore our proposal," Onsemi CEO Hassane El-Khoury said. Palantir (NASDAQ: PLTR) stock posted big gains in Monday's trading.  The software company's share price closed out the daily session up 4.6% and had been up as much as 9.9% earlier in the session.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite closed out the day up 0.7% and 0.6%, respectively. China’s suspension of critical rare earth minerals exports to the US could become a major headache for US companies, particularly automakers like Tesla, GM, and Rivian. General Motors is temporarily laying off hundreds of workers at plants in Detroit and Ingersoll, Ontario. The post GM temporarily lays off 700 workers at US, Canadian factories appeared first on FreightWaves. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
