Title: Dollar’s Losing Run Shows Wall Street Angst Over Tariff U-Turns
Date: 2025-04-14 20:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dollar-finds-support-now-trump-210918190.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Worries over global trade dragged the dollar to a six-month low on Monday, leaving investors bracing for more weakness ahead. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? The Secret Formula for Faster Trains Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index extended declines for a fifth day, falling a total of 3.3% during that stretch. While Treasuries and stocks rallied on news that President Donald Trump will delay levies on some popular consumer electronics, sentiment on the dollar was undermined by his warnings that the exemption will prove temporary. Protracted selloffs in the greenback and Treasuries — typically seen as havens in turbulent times — have exacerbated concerns that investors are lightening up on US assets in the face of tectonic trade policy shifts and broader political uncertainty. Listen to the Here’s Why podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen. Weakness in the dollar and Treasuries is a “horrible, toxic combination,” said Jordan Rochester, head of macro strategy for EMEA at Mizuho International Plc., in an interview on Bloomberg Television. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index finished Monday down 0.3%. The gauge has fallen about 6.1% so far this year, on track for its biggest annual loss since 2017. Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here. Positioning in the options market suggested traders were hedging against further declines. An index measuring three-month risk reversals — or the spread between call and put options — on the dollar against its major peers has dropped to a five-year low. That indicates greater demand for put options that would benefit from a weaker dollar than for call options that would gain from a stronger one. The S&P 500 index gained 0.8% on Monday. The yield on 10-year Treasuries fell 11 basis points to 4.38%. A five-day bond market selloff unleashed by anxiety over Trump’s trade war sent 10-year Treasury yields to the biggest weekly surge in over two decades last week. Lasting damage? The discussion that has dominated Wall Street for much of the past week has centered on whether Trump’s actions, even if they are eventually reversed, have inflicted lasting damage to the idea that the US dollar and Treasuries are the ultimate risk-free assets. “We are talking about a regime change in the way the market views the dollar, particularly during times of global financial stress,” Steve Barrow, a strategist at Standard Bank, wrote in a note to clients on Monday. “We’d note that the other key component of the US’s safe-asset allure – the Treasury market – has not been particularly safe.” That view was echoed by Derek Halpenny, head of global markets research at MUFG Bank, who focused on weekend remarks from Trump and Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick stressing a longstanding plan to apply a different, specific levy to the technology sector. “It is difficult to see any fundamental factor that will likely improve investor sentiment,” Halpenny wrote in a report. “Key levels were broken last week for the dollar.” One-week risk reversals on the Bloomberg dollar index moved toward parity for the first time in five days, a sign that traders are becoming less bearish on the greenback. Still, the gauge has remained in negative territory for a third straight day, with bearish sentiment toward the US currency at levels unseen since the pandemic. “Trump’s actions have persistently damaged the ‘US brand’,” wrote Dana Malas, a strategist at Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB. “This means that dollar assets, both inside and outside the US, should continue to carry higher risk premiums.” Almost 80% of respondents to a Bloomberg survey predicted the dollar would weaken further over the next month, the biggest proportion of bears since the surveys began in 2022. Strategists at the biggest Wall Street banks also see the potential for further weakness. JPMorgan Chase & Co. analysts suggested investors remain bearish the dollar, especially against the yen and euro, as there’s still a chance of a US recession. Mizuho Bank Ltd. anticipates the US currency may fall another 5% on a trade-weighted basis before rebounding, based on how it traded in 2017-18 and during the pandemic. “The design and implementation of these tariffs should have a negative impact on the currency because they have contributed to eroding consumer and business confidence,” Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analysts including Kamakshya Trivedi wrote. “If tariffs weigh on US firms’ profit margins and US consumers’ real incomes, like we think they will, they can erode that exceptionalism and, in turn, crack the central pillar of the strong dollar,” they said. --With assistance from Michael G. Wilson, Anya Andrianova and George Lei. (Updates prices throughout) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump continued to blame Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy for the war in Ukraine amid questions about which side is responsible for the failure to achieve the ceasefire Trump has promised to deliver.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortag BEIJING/CHICAGO (Reuters) -Global grain merchant Archer-Daniels-Midland has begun shutting down domestic trading operations in China and laying off staff within its largest business segment as part of a global cost-cutting push, the company said on Monday.  The company did not disclose the number of layoffs, but a source familiar with the matter said job cuts would impact 40 to 50 employees, leaving only around 10 staff in the financial hub of Shanghai.  "The entire Ag Services and Oilseeds team in China has essentially been let go," the source said, referring to ADM's largest business segment. In the most recent trading session, Costco (COST) closed at $979.31, indicating a +1.65% shift from the previous trading day. The Brisbane-based firm, which operates 27 Taco Bell outlets in Australia, said it was in talks with the parent of the Mexican food brand to transfer the business to new ownership.  "If a new operator cannot be identified and/or an agreement cannot be reached, other exit options will be explored," Collins Foods said.  In December, the quick-service restaurant operator posted a 2% drop in revenue from Taco Bell for the first half of fiscal 2025, as it struggled to compete with key Mexican food rival Guzman y Gomez. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
