Title: Fed Chief Jerome Powell Signals Trump Tariffs 'Tension' On Inflation, Growth; Dow Jones Extends Losses
Date: 2025-04-16 19:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/13677c98-92c8-3e00-950e-01fb1faea771/fed-chief-jerome-powell.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Fed chief Jerome Powell hinted Trump tariffs will be "challenging," with the mandate to control inflation and support growth in "tension."
U.S. markets fell deep into the red on Wednesday, with chip stocks leading the retreat as U.S.-China trade tensions spooked investors. The tech-heavy Nasdaq was down sharply, off about 3.3% in afternoon trading. The S&P 500 lost 2.2% and the Dow Jones Industrial average fell 630 points, or 1.5%. Losses rippled across sectors, dragging the Russell 2000 down about 1%.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s […]
We recently published a list of Top 10 Auto Parts Stocks That Could Surge On Trump’s Auto Tariff Relaxation. In this article, we are going to take a look at where LKQ Corporation (NASDAQ:LKQ) stands against other top auto parts stocks that could surge On Trump’s auto tariff relaxation. The corporate earnings season is about […]
Nvidia discloses that sales of its H20 chips to China would require a license ‘for the indefinite future’ from the U.S. Department of Commerce, AMD says a license requirement for chip exports will result in charges of up to $800 million, and ASML issues disappointing sales guidance.
All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say.
After Nvidia (NVDA) announced that it would take a $5.5 billion charge to its inventory, investment bank Stifel remains bullish on NVDA stock and kept a Buy rating on the shares. The chip maker will take the charge because it has to purchase “an indefinite license” in order to export its processors to China and […]
Jeff Bezos is reportedly backing a Michigan-based all-electric mobility startup, Slate Auto, with a goal of developing a cheap single-cab EV truck to take on the likes of Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) and Rivian Automotive Inc. (NASDAQ:RIVN). What happened: A report published by TechCrunch shared that the company is backed by Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) founder Jeff Bezos. The report said that Slate Auto has brought in people from the likes of Ford Motor Co. (NYSE:F), Harley-Davidson Inc. (NYSE:HOG
Despite the stock market’s current volatility, the longer-term outlook of technology is bright because large companies are going to invest in AI in order to reduce their costs and grow, Daniel Newman, the CEO of the Futurum Group told Schwab Network today. Newman is most bullish on tech names that have a great deal of […]
Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming.
US benchmark equity indexes tumbled intraday as a sell-off in Nvidia (NVDA) shares weighed on the br
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.