Title: Investment Bank Remains Bullish on NVDA Despite Charge
Date: 2025-04-16 18:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/investment-bank-remains-bullish-nvda-182048735.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
After Nvidia (NVDA) announced that it would take a $5.5 billion charge to its inventory, investment bank Stifel remains bullish on NVDA stock and kept a Buy rating on the shares.
The chip maker will take the charge because it has to purchase "an indefinite license" in order to export its processors to China and China-based firms.
Why Stifel May Still Be Upbeat on NVDA
The tech giant's long-term outlook remains positive, according to Stifel, which kept its $180 price target on the shares.
In the past, Stifel has been upbeat on the rollout of NVDA's new Blackwell chips.
At the end of February, in the wake of NVDA's fourth-quarter results, for example, Stifel reported that the company's revenue from the Blackwell chips had beaten expectations during Q4.
Stifel's Take on the Charge
According to the investment bank, the charge suggests that Nvidia's annual revenue could sink by $8.5 billion to $9 billion. That would equate to a drop of about 4.5% in its annual sales.
Moreover, Stifel thinks that the charge suggests that NVDA may have concerns about its ability to obtain the necessary licenses. Alternatively, the tech giant may be worried that the Trump administration could unveil additional regulations that will harm its export business, Stifel predicted.
While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
The U.S.-China tech war just claimed another high-profile casualty.
Despite the stock market’s current volatility, the longer-term outlook of technology is bright because large companies are going to invest in AI in order to reduce their costs and grow, Daniel Newman, the CEO of the Futurum Group told Schwab Network today. Newman is most bullish on tech names that have a great deal of […]
Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) shares fell more than 7% on Wednesday morning, after the company disclosed new export restrictions on its artificial intelligence (AI) chips.  Specifically, the company must now obtain licenses from the U.S. government to sell its H20 processors in China.  Nvidia stock now has plummeted 30% from the record high it reached in January.
(Reuters) -Global chip stocks were battered on Wednesday on fresh evidence of how U.S. President Donald Trump's shifting trade policy was complicating the outlook for semiconductor and computing giants, including AI pioneer Nvidia and its rival AMD.  Attempts to reorient global trade through tariffs and export curbs have started to show the effect as Nvidia warned of a $5.5 billion hit after Washington restricted exports of its AI processor tailored for China, while Dutch chip-making tools giant ASML raised doubts about its outlook.  The U.S. restriction, which also hit the MI308 processor of Advanced Micro Devices, marked the latest blow for the AI chip trade that is losing steam after a two-year rally as tariff threats and fears over Big Tech's spending weigh on sentiment.
U.S. markets fell deep into the red on Wednesday, with chip stocks leading the retreat as U.S.-China trade tensions spooked investors. The tech-heavy Nasdaq was down sharply, off about 3.3% in afternoon trading. The S&P 500 lost 2.2% and the Dow Jones Industrial average fell 630 points, or 1.5%. Losses rippled across sectors, dragging the Russell 2000 down about 1%.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s […]
We came across a bullish thesis on Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) on Substack by Felix. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on AMD. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD)’s share was trading at $95.29 as of April 15th. AMD’s trailing and forward P/E were 95.29 and 20.49 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. AMD is […]
US benchmark equity indexes tumbled intraday as a sell-off in Nvidia (NVDA) shares weighed on the br
March retail sales jumped as consumers rushed to buy autos and Apple iPhones before the impact of Trump tariffs. The S&P 500 fell.
Companies In The Article Are:PLTR, INTC, DELL,GS
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.