Title: Prominent Investor Is Kicking the Tires on NVDA for the First Time
Date: 2025-04-16 17:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/prominent-investor-kicking-tires-nvda-173340748.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
"I don't own Nvidia (NVDA), but this is the first time I'm really starting to look at (Nvidia)" stock, prominent CNBC contributor Stephanie Link said on the channel today.
Link suggested that NVDA would rebound significantly over the longer term, and she noted that she had been buying more shares of one of NVDA's rivals, Broadcom (AVGO).
Link Suggests That Nvidia's Valuation Is Attractive for Long-Term Investors
Nvidia is changing hands for 20 times analysts' average forward estimates, Link noted. And although analysts' estimates will likely drop 8% to 9% due to writedowns that the firm preannounced today, historically the shares' forward price-earnings ratio has not dropped below 23 times, the investor stated.
Nvidia is "not out of the woods, but it is a high-quality company, and it's the number one in the industry," said Link, adding that the shares have dropped a great deal and "there is a price for everything."
The investor concluded her remarks on NVDA by saying that "When the dust settles, people go back to the number one or two in any industry."
Why Link Bought More AVGO Stock
"I like the diversity of Broadcom," the investor explained. She noted that Nvidia, unlike Broadcom, is "a pure play on AI."
While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Despite the stock market’s current volatility, the longer-term outlook of technology is bright because large companies are going to invest in AI in order to reduce their costs and grow, Daniel Newman, the CEO of the Futurum Group told Schwab Network today. Newman is most bullish on tech names that have a great deal of […]
Nvidia  stock fell sharply on fears that the Trump administration’s new restriction on chip exports to China would significantly hurt the company’s business.  In reality, the restrictions on H20 AI chips that Nvidia can no longer sell to China without licenses from the U.S. don’t affect the company’s long-term opportunity.  Nvidia’s long-term prospects for the Chinese market were already diminished after U.S. restrictions that limited China’s access to the most advanced AI hardware went into effect in 2022.
The stock market doesn't go up all the time.  With the S&P 500 index down by 8% year to date, President Donald Trump's tariff crisis could be an opportunity to buy quality stocks for cheap.  Let's explore why Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Super Micro (NASDAQ: SMCI) could make great bets.
In recent years, certain GPU makers like Nvidia have seen their share prices soar.  Intel's management team says it has a plan to reinvigorate growth.  A stock split typically occurs when a company's share price is so high that either investors errantly assume it's "expensive" or limit their holdings because they can't afford to buy another whole share.
Fed chief Jerome Powell hinted Trump tariffs will be "challenging," with the mandate to control inflation and support growth in "tension."
Nvidia Stock Quote | Nvidia Ratings Are These Magnificent Seven Stocks A Buy Now? Alphabet | Amazon | Apple | Meta | Microsoft | Nvidia | Tesla Nvidia Stock News And Analysis Stock Market Today: Dow Jones Tumbles On Powell Comments; Nvidia Plummets As Ackman Lifts This Battered Stock (Live Coverage)Stock market bears growled louder Wednesday after Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome...
PwC, which operates as a global network of locally owned partnerships, has shut operations in the Ivory Coast, Gabon, Cameroon, Madagascar, Senegal, the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), Congo Republic, Republic of Guinea and Equatorial Guinea, it said in a statement published on its website on March 31.  The accounting firm directed Reuters to the statement in response to queries on a Financial Times article published earlier in the day that said PwC had exited multiple countries that were deemed too small, risky or unprofitable.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ASML Holding N.V. (NASDAQ:ASML) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially […]
All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say.
Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE: BRK.A) (NYSE: BRK.B) assets have changed considerably in recent years.  Today, the value of Berkshire's controlled companies exceeds its public equity portfolio.  Berkshire has reduced its stake in top holdings such as Apple and Bank of America.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.