Title: Trump's trade war unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US
Date: 2025-04-16 15:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trumps-trade-war-unlikely-to-bring-tech-manufacturing-back-to-the-us-150053245.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
President Trump is determined to bring tech manufacturing to the US via massive tariffs. But there's little chance companies like Apple (AAPL) will reinvent their supply chains before Trump leaves office in 2028.
The Trump administration hit China with a whopping 145% tariff on Chinese-made goods before announcing exemptions for tech devices ranging from smartphones to laptops on Friday. But Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick said during an interview with Jonathan Karl of ABC News on Sunday that the move was temporary and only applied to Trump's reciprocal tariffs.
Instead, he explained, tech products will be tariffed as part of the administration's planned duties on semiconductors, which could be announced later this week.
Still, even the threat of sky-high tariffs won't be enough to force tech giants like Apple to pick up and move their suppliers to the US en masse.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
"Anything is possible, but the setup of smartphone production in India has been a three-year process from site identification through ramped-up production, with at least another two years to achieve full supply chain integration," Chris Rogers, head of supply chain research at S&P Global Market Intelligence, told Yahoo Finance.
It's not just about timing. Companies would also need the workers to build devices.
"While there's a degree of automation possible and while many of the components needed are made in the US, there's still a need for tens of thousands of trained electronics assemblers willing to work long, arduous hours in highly repetitive tasks," he added.
Companies including Nvidia (NVDA), TSMC (TSM), Apple, and others have announced increased investments in the US to win over Trump and avoid tariffs. On Monday, Nvidia said it will produce $500 billion in AI infrastructure in the US over the next four years through partners including Foxconn (601138.SS), TSMC, and Wistron (3231.TW).
Apple also said it will spend $500 billion, and TSMC has said it will spend $165 billion. Many of those plans, however, were already in the works or don't necessarily go above prior spending levels. Nvidia, for example, talked up building chips in the US last year.
And while that doesn't take away from the fact that the companies are pouring money into the US, it doesn't exactly support the idea that they're moving vast amounts of their manufacturing capabilities to America.
"We believe hardware companies will remain focused on accelerating US-bound product assembly out of China, and see India and Mexico as the most-likely incremental beneficiaries of these actions (we'd argue Vietnam and Mexico have been the biggest beneficiaries over the last 5 years)," Morgan Stanley analyst Erik Woodring wrote in an investor note.
"We just don't see large volume hardware production ever reaching US shores — these plans take years to devise, the costs (capex and opex) associated with manufacturing hundreds of millions of products annually in the US are high, and most importantly, tariff exemptions on finished goods disincentivize on-shoring (and is why we didn't see onshoring after President Trump's first administration)," he added
Even if companies brought their manufacturing bases to the US, they'd still have to deal with a host of headwinds ranging from worker salaries to the need to continue importing certain parts from abroad.
According to Bank of America's Wamsi Mohan, while Apple may be able to find enough laborers in the US to build its iPhones, importing the company's entire supply chain will still take some time.
"This is because, while it may be possible to move final assembly to the US, moving the entire iPhone supply chain would be a much bigger undertaking and would likely take many years, if even possible."
It's not just Apple that's contending with these issues. Everything from laptop makers to display producers would face the same problems if they were to move to the US. That doesn't even take into account the potential price increases associated with manufacturing tech products in the US.
According to some estimates, prices on devices could jump by hundreds of dollars, resulting in demand destruction as consumers seek out less expensive options or hold onto their existing smartphones and computers for longer periods.
While it's unlikely manufacturing is coming back to the US, there's still plenty of uncertainty about how tech companies and consumers navigate the next four years of tariff shocks.
Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
