Title: Elliott Builds Over $1.5 Billion Stake in HP Enterprise
Date: 2025-04-15 22:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/elliott-builds-over-1-5-135245015.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
(Bloomberg) -- Elliott Investment Management has built a position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. worth more than $1.5 billion, according to people familiar with the matter.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing
Elliott plans to engage with the software and networking company to help it boost value, said the people, who asked to not be identified because the details aren’t public. The investment makes Elliott one of the company’s top five shareholders, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Elliott’s exact intentions at HPE couldn’t be immediately learned.
HPE shares, which jumped as much as 8.8% Tuesday, closed up 5.1% to $15.01 in New York trading, giving the company a market value of about $20 billion. The stock is still down 39% from its all-time high in January.
Elliott’s move is one of the first major activist campaigns unveiled after the market turmoil related to President Donald Trump’s tariff plans.
Representatives for Elliott and HPE declined to comment.
While artificial intelligence has fueled heavy demand for hardware such as servers and networking, HPE hasn’t been able to seize the moment as much as its peers including Dell Technologies Inc.
“We have always argued that HPE either does not have the required portfolio for today’s enterprise- and AI-driven infrastructure, or it does but is unable to effectively compete and win business,” Susquehanna International Group analyst Mehdi Hosseini said in a note.
In March, HPE said its profit this year would be sharply lower than analyst estimates as it grapples with tariffs, weak margins on server sales and execution issues. It also said it would eliminate about 3,000 jobs. Woo Jin Ho, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence, said at the time that the company’s actions suggested “meaningful inefficiencies.” Deutsche Bank AG analysts described the firm’s first-quarter results as “disappointing.”
HPE could navigate the burden of tariffs since it’s one of the server and storage companies that adhere to the US-Mexico-Canada agreement that replaced NAFTA, according to Bloomberg Intelligence.
Track Record
Elliott has a successful track record in technology, having pushed for changes at Salesforce Inc., SAP SE and Citrix Systems Inc. among others. It took Citrix private in a $13 billion deal with Vista Equity Partners in 2022. Salesforce implemented growth plans to avoid a proxy fight, while SAP replaced its chief executive officer within six months of Elliott’s position becoming public.
Elliott was also a longtime investor in Dell, one of HPE’s major competitors. Dell’s shares have jumped almost 300% since its return to public trading in 2018, outperforming HPE.
The activist’s move comes as data center giants such as Microsoft Corp. have pulled back on projects around the world, while Chinese rival Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. warned of a potential bubble forming in AI data center construction.
HPE, which split from printer and PC maker HP Inc. in 2015, has been run by Chief Executive Officer Antonio Neri for the past seven years. Top managers at Crown Castle Inc. and Johnson Controls International Plc lost their jobs after fights with the hedge fund.
HPE has been a serial dealmaker. Its predecessor company bought Aruba Networks in 2015 for about $3 billion. HPE itself acquired Nimble Storage in 2017 and supercomputer company Cray Inc. in 2019.
But its largest deal to date is the pending $14 billion takeover of Juniper Networks Inc., a company that Elliott had targeted more than a decade ago. The acquisition, announced in early 2024, has been in limbo after the US Justice Department sued to block it over antitrust concerns. A trial date for the antitrust lawsuit has been set for July.
--With assistance from Eyk Henning.
(Updates with closing share price in third paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
