Title: Stocks making big moves yesterday: Apple (AAPL) and Palantir (PLTR)
Date: 2025-04-15 19:45:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-making-big-moves-yesterday-194501169.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL):iPhone and iPad maker Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) rose by 6.5% on Monday after reports indicated that smartphones, computers, and a wide range of tech devices and components would be exempt from the reciprocal tariffs on U.S. imports announced on April 2, 2025.See our full article here. Is now the time to buy Apple?Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR):Data-mining and analytics company Palantir (NYSE:PLTR) rose by 8.4% on Monday after NATO acquired the company's (PLTR's) AI-powered Maven Smart System to improve its military capabilities.See our full article here. Is now the time to buy Palantir?Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. (Bloomberg) -- Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene sold US Treasuries and bought stakes in Amazon.com Inc., Blackstone Inc. and Tesla Inc. the day before President Donald Trump put a 90-day pause on retaliatory tariffs and prompted a market rally.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bet We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against the other American tech stocks. American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies […] The Magnificent Seven stocks rose Tuesday, as Nvidia and Tesla rallied. Amazon and Google dropped on the stock market today. Catch up on the top industries and stocks that were impacted, or were predicted to be impacted, by the comments, actions and policies of President Donald Trump with this daily recap compiled by The Fly: TARIFF EXEMPTION: According to new guidance from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, President Trump has exempted smartphones, computers, and other electronic devices and components, including semiconductors, solar cells, flat panel TV displays, flash drives, and memory cards from the reciprocal Major U.S. indexes edged higher midday Tuesday as investors digested more earnings reports from big banks. Analysts at Oppenheimer and Bank of America reiterate bullish outlooks on the streaming stock ahead of earnings expected later this week. U.S.-traded shares of Ericsson jumped Tuesday after the Swedish telecommunications firm reported first-quarter profit that topped analysts’ expectations. Shares of major U.S. banks are surging Tuesday, after Bank of America and Citigroup became the latest lenders to report better-than-expected quarterly earnings on the back of a stock trading boom. Hewlett Packard Enterprise shares surged Tuesday following reports activist investor Elliott Investment Management built a $1.5 billion stake in the server maker. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.