Title: 3 Beaten-Down "Magnificent Seven" Stocks to Buy and Hold
Date: 2025-04-14 08:51
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/14/3-beaten-down-magnificent-seven-stocks-to-buy-and/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=7630be3e-a2dc-46a9-ac88-75a685cd57c2&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
If you look up "magnificent" in a dictionary, you'll probably find definitions such as impressive, striking, or excellent. Those words capture the essence of what magnificent means.
But they don't apply to the so-called"Magnificent Seven" stocksthese days. The tariff-fueled market sell-off has caused all seven stocks in the group to plunge by double-digit percentages. All but one dropped more than 20%.
However, don't dismiss the possibility that some or all of these stocks could return to magnificence in the future. Here are three beaten-down Magnificent Seven stocks to buy and hold.
Google parentAlphabet(GOOG1.68%)(GOOGL1.60%)appears to be in a strong position to weather the current storm. The company raked in $350 billion in revenue last year with profits topping $100 billion. Its cash position is nearly $96.7 billion.
Alphabet makes most of its money from advertising on Google Search and other apps. It would feel some pain if the economy enters a recession, with advertising revenue likely declining. However, this business should be resilient.
I don't subscribe to the theory thatgenerative AIpresents an existential threat to Google Search. So far, the incorporation of generative AI into the search engine via AI Overviews has increased search volume and user satisfaction.
Generative AI (and other types of AI as well) should continue to provide a massive tailwind for Google Cloud. This unit is already the fastest-growing major cloud services provider. I expect Google Cloud will become an increasingly important profit engine for Alphabet.
Don't overlook Alphabet's vaunted "other bets" either. I'm especially optimistic about the prospects for the company's self-driving car business, Waymo. If the autonomous ride-hailing market takes off like some predict, Waymo should be a huge winner for Alphabet's shareholders (whether it remains part of the company or is spun off as a separate entity).
It's the same song but a different verse withAmazon(AMZN-1.77%). As was the case with Alphabet, Amazon's financials are impressive. The company generated nearly $638 billion in revenue in 2024. Its profits totaled $59.2 billion. Amazon's cash stockpile is over $101 billion.
E-commerce sales could take a hit in a significant economic downturn. However, Profitero has ranked Amazon as the lowest-priced online U.S. retailer for eight consecutive years. Penny-pinching consumers could turn to Amazon before they shop elsewhere.
Over the long run, though, Amazon's e-commerce should continue to grow and become more profitable as the company uses technology to increase operational efficiency.
Amazon's key growth driver is Amazon Web Services (AWS). It's the largest cloud services provider on the planet. As more organizations adopt AI and shift their apps and data to the cloud, AWS will almost certainly be a key beneficiary.
I think Amazon's expansion into healthcare, satellite broadband services, and self-driving cars will pay off. The company will also keep looking at new growth areas in the future, just as it has done in the past.
Meta Platforms(META-1.82%)might not stack up financially against Alphabet and Amazon. However, the company's 2024 revenue of $164.5 billion and earnings of $62.4 billion aren't too shabby. Neither is Meta's cash position of $77.8 billion.
Sure, Meta's advertising revenue could dip if a recession comes. But companies will still need to market their products. I suspect the 3.35 billion people active daily on Meta's Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp applications will be too alluring for advertisers to ignore.
The company is using AI to better monetize its social media apps. CEO Mark Zuckerberg has predicted business messaging using AI assistants will be the "next major pillar" of Meta's business.
I think Meta is poised to be a leader in another important AI market, too: smart glasses. Zuckerberg said in the company's fourth-quarter earnings call that "glasses are the ideal form factor for an AI device." He's probably right. Meta's Ray-Ban AI glasses give it a solid launching pad, in my view.



Before you buy stock inAmazon, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andAmazonwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $495,226!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $679,900!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is796% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to155%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025


John Mackey, former CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Randi Zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for Facebook and sister to Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors.Keith Speightshas positions in Alphabet, Amazon, and Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, and Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/14/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends