Title: Meta's Zuckerberg takes the stand at US antitrust trial
Date: 2025-04-14 10:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/facebook-owner-meta-faces-existential-101444522.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Jody Godoy
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg took the stand on Monday at a high-stakes antitrust trial in Washington over U.S. antitrust enforcers' claims that the company spent billions of dollars to acquire Instagram and WhatsApp to fend off Facebook competitors.
The case, filed during President Donald Trump's first term, claims Meta bought the companies a decade ago to eliminate competition among social media platforms where users connect with friends and family. At the time, Facebook struggled to adapt its service for mobile devices, the FTC says.
The FTC seeks to force Meta to restructure or sell parts of its business including Instagram and WhatsApp.
The case poses an existential threat to Meta, which by some estimates earns about half of its U.S. advertising revenue from Instagram, while testing the new Trump administration's promises to take on Big Tech.
Meta has been making regular overtures to Trump since his election, nixing content moderation policies Republicans said amounted to censorship and donating $1 million to Trump's inauguration. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg has also visited the White House multiple times in recent weeks.
FTC attorney Daniel Matheson said in an opening statement that the deals "established entry barriers that for more than a decade protected Meta's dominance."
"Consumers do not have reasonable alternatives they can turn to," he said.
Meta attorney Mark Hansen said at trial that the FTC ignores that people today share a lot less with friends and family on social media, and that Instagram and Facebook users spend most of their time viewing short videos via features modeled after TikTok.
"This case is a grab bag of FTC theories at war with the facts and at war with the law," he said.
ZUCKERBERG EXPECTED TO TESTIFY
Zuckerberg is expected to take the stand and face questioning about emails in which he proposed acquiring photo-sharing app Instagram as a way to neutralize a potential Facebook competitor and expressed worry that encrypted messaging service WhatsApp could grow into a social network.
Meta has argued its purchases of Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014 have benefited users, and that Zuckerberg's past statements are no longer relevant amid competition from ByteDance's TikTok, Google's YouTube and Apple's messaging app.
How users spend time on social media, and which services they consider interchangeable, will be core to the case. Meta will argue that an increase in traffic to Instagram and Facebook during TikTok's brief shutdown in the United States in January shows direct competition.
The FTC claims Meta holds a monopoly on platforms used to share content with friends and family, where its main competitors in the United States are Snap's Snapchat and MeWe, a tiny privacy-focused social media app launched in 2016. Platforms where users broadcast content to strangers based on shared interests, such as X, TikTok, YouTube and Reddit, are not interchangeable, the FTC has argued.
U.S. District Judge James Boasberg said in a ruling in November that the FTC "faces hard questions about whether its claims can hold up in the crucible of trial."
The trial could stretch into July. If the FTC wins, it would have to prove at a second trial that measures such as forcing Meta to sell Instagram or WhatsApp would restore competition.
Losing Instagram in particular could prove catastrophic to Meta's bottom line.
While Meta does not release app-specific revenue figures, advertising research firm Emarketer forecast in December that Instagram would generate $37.13 billion this year, a little over half of Meta's U.S. ad revenue.
Instagram also generates more revenue per user than any other social platform, including Facebook, according to Emarketer.
WhatsApp to date has contributed only a sliver to Meta's total revenue, but it is the company's biggest app in terms of daily users and ramping up efforts to earn money off tools like chatbots. Zuckerberg has said such "business messaging" services are likely to drive the company's next wave of growth.
The case is part of a crackdown on Big Tech started during Trump's first administration.
Amazon, Apple and Alphabet's Google also face antitrust lawsuits by U.S. enforcers.
Several major tech companies have moved to align with Trump since the election, such as by rolling back diversity initiatives and having executives engage directly with the White House.
While a shift from the combative tone the companies took during Trump's first term, it has not resulted in a pullback on the antitrust cases.
(Reporting by Jody Godoy in Washington and Katie Paul in New York; Editing by Mark Porter)
(Reuters) -Big Tech and auto shares rose after the U.S. removed smartphones and other electronics from its tariffs on China over the weekend, and after President Donald Trump added new wrinkles into his vacillating trade policy on Monday by suggesting he might grant exemptions on auto-related levies already in place.  Trump's aggressive tariffs, which would have raised the rate consumers and businesses would have to pay for imported goods by roughly 25%, sparked a selloff in U.S. assets, including stocks, the dollar and Treasury bonds.  The shifting stances caused investors to question the safe-haven status that America has long enjoyed and sapped both business and consumer confidence.
Even before U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs threw markets and companies into turmoil, global CEOs were already unhappy with the support they were getting from their boards of directors in navigating uncertainty, a survey showed on Monday.  Just 22% of the corporate chief executives surveyed in late 2024 by the consultancy Spencer Stuart felt their boards were providing the help they needed in an increasingly uncertain business environment, the study found.  Directors, while happier with their own performance, also saw ample room for improvement, with just 43% saying they felt boards effectively supported top managers in a "rapidly evolving and complex" business environment.
(Reuters) -U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) producer NextDecade said on Monday it has signed a 20-year deal to supply France's TotalEnergies with 1.5 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) from its Rio Grande facility's planned fourth liquefaction facility, or train.  NextDecade has so far contracted a total of 4.6 MTPA of LNG from Train 4 on a long-term basis, most recently with a Saudi Aramco subsidiary, and expects existing long-term commercial agreements to be sufficient to support a favourable Final Investment Decision (FID).  The Rio Grande LNG export plant has suffered repeated delays and has been in development for years, with the first train expected to reach completion by 2027.
The recent trade wars have created quite a stir on Wall Street, and some investors are wondering what their next steps should be. One of those investors is a husband who posted in the Investing subreddit. He's seeking advice after his wife's 401(k) lost $12,000 from the market's reaction to tariffs. "Should we trust the 401(k) management to make the right moves?" the husband asked the community. Don't Miss: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big pl
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.