Title: 2 Dirt Cheap Stocks Investors Can't Afford to Miss Out on During the Stock Market Chaos
Date: 2025-04-13 12:30
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/13/2-dirt-cheap-stocks-investors-cant-afford-to-miss/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=79b687de-04bd-4dec-8d65-b4f2ea32d7c2&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Finding deals after a sell-off is a great way to make a profit as an investor. Many stocks are currently trading for an absurdly low valuation, even after the bump that stocks got on Wednesday.
Two that look like screaming buys right now areTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing(TSM-0.88%)andAlphabet(GOOG1.71%)(GOOGL1.60%). Each of these stocks is so cheap right now that investors cannot afford to miss out on the deals the market is offering.
At first glance, Taiwan Semiconductor appears to be an odd pick. President Donald Trumpspecifically targeted Taiwan with a 32% tariff rate, which could hurt Taiwan Semi since most of the chips it makes are produced in Taiwan. That rate has now dropped to 10% to all countries across the board. However, that ignores a huge piece of information in the tariffs: Semiconductors are exempt. This is a key point that many investors are missing, making Taiwan Semi an intriguing buy right now.
Another factor that could keep Taiwan Semiconductor off of Trump's list of targeted companies is that it's actively working to build new production facilities in the U.S. TSMC recently announced a $100 billion investment in U.S. chip manufacturing facilities, which will include three fabrication facilities, two packaging centers, and one research and development (R&D) facility. That's big news for TSMC, and it's exactly what Trump wants: to move more manufacturing capabilities inside the U.S.
Still, there's fear that a weaker consumer could hurt TSMC's business, as some of its chips are used in consumer-facing products like smartphones or vehicles. While this demand will likely dip, it's bound to be outweighed by massive growth in AI chip demand. Over the next five years, management projects that artificial intelligence (AI)-related revenue will increase at a 45% compound annual growth rate (CAGR). Overall, it expects its total revenue to grow at a 20% CAGR, indicating that the company will be fine.
Investors will hear more commentary on how tariffs will affect Taiwan Semi's demand during its Q1 conference call on April 17, but there's no reason to doubt the stock as much as the market does right now. Following the sell-off, Taiwan Semi's stock now trades for less than18 times forward earnings.

TSM PE Ratio (Forward)data byYCharts
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is796%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to155%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
That's an incredibly cheap price for one of the world's most important companies, especially when you consider its growth and ability to sidestep tariffs. With how cheap the stock is right now, I think it's one that investors can't afford to miss out on, and they should be buying up shares left and right at today's prices.
Alphabet is a member of the "Magnificent Seven," a group of tech stocks that have led the market over the past five years. These stocks were often noted as being expensive, but Alphabet has never fetched a premium valuation.
Many investors are worried that its advertising-focused business model centered around the Google ecosystem may be in trouble asgenerative AItakes some of its market share. However, the habit of "Googling" something is engrained in the behavior of most users around the world. Plus, Alphabet has already integrated generative AI-powered summaries into Google search results, so it's getting ahead of the curve.
Still, should the economy plunge into a recession caused by tariffs, Alphabet's advertising business won't fare well. Advertising is one of the first places companies look to cut expenses during a downturn, which has historically negatively affected Alphabet.
I don't expect this time to be any different should the economy plunge into a recession, but this is far from the first time the market has been worried about a recession over the past 15 years. Despite that, Alphabet's stock is not far from a 15-year low from a trailingprice-to-earnings (P/E) standpoint.

GOOGL PE Ratiodata byYCharts
So, even with all the fears caused by tariffs or a recession, Alphabet's stock looks dirt cheap from a historical standpoint. This sell-off has occurred without any confirmation of a recession, only the fear of one.
As a result, I think today marks an excellent buying opportunity for Alphabet stock, as it has rarely been this cheap over the past 15 years. We'll hear more from Alphabet in early May about how it believes tariffs will affect the company, but I think it'san excellent time to scoop up Alphabet shares.



Before you buy stock inTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturingwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $495,226!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $679,900!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is796% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to155%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025


Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors.Keithen Druryhas positions in Alphabet and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/14/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends