Exxon Mobil (XOM)_ The Best Undervalued Energy Stock to Invest in Now
2025-04-15 13-35
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-xom-best-undervalued-133541929.html?.tsrc=rss
We recently published a list of the11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other undervalued energy stocks.
On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ to discuss his outlook on the energy sector. He believes that natural gas is positioned to lead growth in the future within the energy sector. This natural gas demand is driven by electricity and energy exports. Thummel noted that the energy and tech sectors are converging due to advancements like AI and data centers. Electricity demand fuels natural gas consumption, while US energy exports help meet global needs for low-cost and low-carbon energy. He also highlighted that the US is now emerging as the largest exporter of LNG, even though it was an LNG importer just years ago. He anticipates that the US LNG exports will soon 2x in volume over time. Thummel also expects Europe and other countries to prioritize energy security and diversify their supply sources. This will ensure reliance on US energy exports.
Thummel emphasized a focus on energy infrastructure companies while discussing his specific investment strategies as they tend to be stable and have high dividend yields even in uncertain market conditions. He thinks that the certainty provided by energy infrastructure investments in an otherwise volatile market should not be neglected. Such companies generate substantial annual cash flows while maintaining disciplined financial practices.
Thummel thinks that the energy sector trades at a discount to historical valuations despite its fundamentals. This offers the potential for high returns.
We used the Finviz stock screener to compile a list of the top energy stocks that had a forward P/E ratio under 15 as of April 10. We then selected the 11 stocks that were the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 1000 elite money managers.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).