StoneCo   and RH have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day
2025-04-16 10-40
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stoneco-rh-highlighted-zacks-bull-104000245.html?.tsrc=rss
Chicago, IL – April 16, 2025 – Zacks Equity Research shares StoneCo STNE, as the Bull of the Day and RH RH as the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks Equity Research provides analysis on — Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, BP plc (BP) and SLB SLB.
Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:
Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stockStoneCois a leading fintech company based in Brazil. The company runs a complete end-to-end cloud-based platform that allows retailers and businesses to accept electronic payments across storefronts and mobile and online channels. Investors can breakdown StoneCo’s business into three primary segments, including:
1. Payment Processing:STNE is the leading provider of point-of-sale payment processing services. Like Block(formerly Square) in the United States, STNE’s technology empowers businesses to accept credit cards, debit cards, and digital wallet payments through its point-of-sale payment solution.
2. Banking Services:StoneCo is much more than a payment processor. Small and medium-sized businesses can use STNE to bank, pay bills, and manage accounts. In addition, because STNE collects transaction data, the company can utilize that data to assess a client’s creditworthiness and offer loans.
3. Software Tools:Like Canadian e-commerce leaderShopify (SHOP),STNE offers a full suite of products that allow businesses to seamlessly conduct e-commerce transactions, analyze their client base, and manage customers.
Stone allows investors to harness the growth of a largely untapped and rapidly growing Brazilian payments market. Brazil is the world’s ninth-largest economy and boasts the largest economy in Latin America, with more than $2 trillion in annual GDP. In Brazil, retail sales are growing, the middle class encompasses roughly 60% of the population, and the country is modernizing into a digital economy.
Unlike the United States, Brazil’s digital payment economy is unsaturated, with roughly only 15% of consumers using digital payments currently. However, Statista predicts that, from 2025 to 2029, the Brazilian digital payment market will register a ~29% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) and grow from ~$300 billion to ~$900 billion.
StoneCO has consistently delivered EPS results above Wall Street expectations. The company has outpaced Zacks Consensus Estimates in twelve of the past thirteen quarters. Last quarter, despite a difficult and uncertain macroeconomic environment, STNE beat Wall Street’s top-and-bottom-line expectations. A positive EPS surprise of 21.88% last quarter suggests that STNE’s business is gaining momentum.