Title: Is Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) the Best Bargain Stock to Buy in May_
Date: 2025-04-14 23:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-best-231711370.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: We recently published a list of10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May. While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment manager, expects that negotiations can bring some relief to initial tariff proposals. Furthermore, the firm anticipates a sharply slower growth than a US recession. Also, it believes that stimulus in Europe and China can rejuvenate global industrial activity, and the firm recommends styles, sectors, and regions that are most geared to it. Given that a significant amount of tariff shock has now been priced in, Neuberger Berman is constructive on global equities for the remainder of the year. The firm expects that an ongoing recovery in the global industrial economy might be dampened but not derailed. The underlying momentum in the goods economy is expected to support equities that are most levered to it. Furthermore, the firm prefers value over growth (which is relatively expensive) and small caps over large caps. While an overdose of growth-inhibiting policy can impact the relatively healthy economy and push it into recession, the investment management firm believes that the US hasn’t yet reached that point. As per the firm, performance during the decline demonstrates relative strength in some of the more cyclical economic sectors in the US and around the world. The goods-oriented sectors, regions, and styles continue to outperform amidst the recent sell-off. READ ALSO:7 Best Stocks to Buy For Long-Termand8 Cheap Jim Cramer Stocks to Invest In. S&P Global expects inflation to remain closer to 3.0% in 2025 as tariffs raise the prices along the domestic supply chain as well as for the end consumers. For 2026, the firm expects growth to pick up after a slow start. This is because of the abatement of uncertainty associated with the structure of tariffs and the further easing of the policy rate by the Federal Reserve. Also, the growth is expected to be aided partly because of a more favorable growth backdrop in the eurozone, which can help expand US exports. Neuberger Berman opines that a combination of improving fundamentals and stabilizing risks increased the optimism in the energy sector. As per the firm, increased global industrial activity is expected to continue to buoy oil demand and keep prices aloft. Furthermore, energy seems to be the most undervalued sector in the S&P 500 relative to the current and expected earnings growth. The investment management firm believes that much of the negative news, including regulatory concerns and geopolitical risks, seem to be factored in. This suggests that energy stocks can increase as the sentiment improves.

