Title: Trump's FTC antitrust cops just got a loud warning about blocking tech tie-ups
Date: 2025-05-08 13:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trumps-ftc-antitrust-cops-just-got-a-loud-warning-about-blocking-tech-tie-ups-134259144.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
President Trump's antitrust cops at the Federal Trade Commission just received a loud warning about attempts to block any future technology mergers.
It came as the FTC on Wednesday lost a roughly three-year-long attempt to undo Microsoft's (MSFT) $69 billion acquisition of gaming giant Activision Blizzard on the grounds that the deal violated antitrust law.
A three-judge panel for the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals made it clear that regulators need to show evidence, and not solely a theory, that a tie-up will cause real harm to competition.
They ruled that the FTC failed to show that Microsoft would withhold from rivals Activision's widely popular video game "Call of Duty," nor that the tie-up would reduce competition in cloud gaming.
"Given the FTC's failure to make an adequate showing as to its likelihood of success on the merits as to any of its theories, the district court properly denied the FTC's motion for a preliminary injunction on that basis," Circuit Judge Daniel P. Collins wrote in a 40-page decision.
The unanimous decision pushes back on a wide antitrust enforcement net cast by the Trump and Biden administrations to rein in Big Tech, even as federal prosecutors continue antitrust litigation against Google (GOOG, GOOGL), Apple (APPL), and Meta (META).
The government has been successful in arguing that Google illegally monopolized the general search engine market and used illegal tactics to block competition in markets where online advertisements are bought and sold.
The Trump administration is currently asking judges to approve a breakup of Google's empire to remedy the monopoly behavior.
Microsoft closed on its deal to acquire Activision, the largest game publisher in North America, in October 2023 after a California federal district court declined to grant the FTC a temporary injunction to halt the deal.
In addition to the hit “Call of Duty” franchise, the company also offers “World of Warcraft,” “Diablo,” and “Overwatch.” The firm also owns mobile game publisher King, the company behind “Candy Crush.”
Adding those franchises to Microsoft’s existing titles, including “Halo” and “Forza,” catapulted Microsoft past Nintendo (NTDOY) to make the company the second-largest home console maker by revenue behind Sony (SONY).
It also put Microsoft behind Tencent and Sony as the third-largest gaming company by global revenue.
The FTC re-upped a challenge to the merger in a lawsuit filed in the agency's in-house court, despite the fact that the appellate court denied its request for an injunction to pause the merger.
Technically, the FTC can continue its in-house challenge, but the appeals court ruling may derail its ambitions to continue pursuing a breakup.
The FTC had alleged that combining the two companies would hurt competition in three gaming markets: game consoles, subscription content, and cloud gaming.
It also claimed that Microsoft’s control of Activision's content would enable it to withhold or degrade Activision's content in ways that substantially lessen competition, including competition on product quality, price, and innovation.
However, under pressure from US regulators and antitrust enforcers in the United Kingdom, Microsoft agreed to allow "Call of Duty" on Sony’s PlayStation for 10 years.
Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X @alexiskweed.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Strive merges with Asset Entities to form the first public Bitcoin treasury firm, eyeing $1B in tax-free BTC deals and a NASDAQ debut.
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Microsoft (MSFT) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
The company filed an emergency motion to temporarily fend off changes to the U.S. App Store that were ordered by a district court judge in its antitrust suit with Epic Games.
AppLovin’s superior AI recommendation engine Axon helped drive strong revenue growth in the fourth quarter.  MongoDB believes AI is a generational shift that will boost demand for its document-oriented database platform.
Apple "has incentive for Google to appear weaker in search," at least one analyst said Thursday, brushing off the sharp drop in Alphabet stock seen Wednesday.
Shares plunged on fears of search disruption. That doesn’t mean the company isn’t prepared for change.
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.