Title: Alphabet slips as Apple considers adding AI Search to browser
Date: 2025-05-08 15:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-slips-apple-considers-adding-153629264.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Shares of Alphabet (GOOGL) are under pressure on Wednesday after an Apple (AAPL) executive said the iPhone maker was exploring adding AI search to its Safari browser. According to comments made during Google’s antitrust trial, Eddy Cue said searches in Apple’s browser fell for the first time in April and that Perplexity and Anthropic could be options.
Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals in  TipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter.
Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,  delivered straight to your inbox.
ADDING AI SEARCH TO BROWSER: Apple is “actively looking at” reshaping the Safari web browser on its devices to focus on AI-powered search engines in light of the potential fallout of its deal with Google and broader industry shifts, Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman, Leah Nylen and Stephanie Lai report. Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of services, made the disclosure Wednesday during his testimony in the U.S. Justice Department’s lawsuit against Alphabet. The heart of the dispute is Apple and Google’s estimated $20B-a-year deal that makes Google the default offering for queries in Apple’s included browser. He also noted that searches on Safari dipped for the first time last month, which he attributed to people using AI. Cue further stated that he believes AI search providers, including Microsoft (MSFT)-backed OpenAI, Perplexity AI and Anthropic PBC, will eventually replace standard search engines like Google. He said he believes Apple will add those players as options in Safari in the future.
With that said, the executive still believes Google should remain the default in Safari, saying that he has lost sleep over the possibility of losing the revenue share from their agreement, the authors write.
OF NOTE: According to a report by Reuters on Tuesday, the U.S. Department of Justice has proposed for Google to sell its AdX digital ad marketplace and DFP platform for managing and delivering ads of website after a judge found the company illegally dominated two online ad-tech markets, Reuters reports. The DOJ said in a court filing that the proposed remedies, including divestitures, are necessary to end Google’s monopolies and restore competition in the space.
U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema in Alexandria, Virginia last month found Google liable for “willfully acquiring and maintaining monopoly power” in those two markets. The ruling was another blow for Google after a separate judge found last year that Google held an illegal monopoly in online search. Brinkema set a September trial date on Friday, after hearing from Google and the DOJ on potential remedies for the company’s dominance in ad tools used by online publishers.
PRICE ACTION: In late morning trading, shares of Alphabet have dropped almost 6% and are trading at $153.93. Also lower, Apple has slipped more than 2% to $194.26.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >>
Read More on GOOGL:
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Apple says no intention of making general search engine, Bloomberg reports
Alphabet falls 4% after Apple says exploring adding AI to browser
Amazon (AMZN) Makes a $84M Bet on AMD’s AI Future
The Clock Is Ticking on Google’s Search Engine: What It Means for Alphabet Stock and Bottom Line
Google introduces AI Max for Search campaigns
Apple has plenty at stake in the landmark U.S. vs Google antitrust trial, starting with $20 billion in profit-rich revenue.
Microsoft’s (MSFT) Q3 earnings last week turned out to be a mic-drop moment for analysts, as the tech behemoth didn’t just surpass expectations, but totally crushed them. Since the announcement, seven Wall Street firms have reiterated their bullish stances on MSFT. Azure’s explosive growth, in particular, stole the show. Paired with OpenAI, Microsoft is sprinting ahead in the AI race, leaving competitors scrambling. And then, even after the stock’s post-earnings jump, MSFT still feels like a sma
H&R Block's third-quarter fiscal 2025 earnings increase 8.9% year over year.
The current agreement between Apple and Google, reportedly worth around $20bn annually, makes Google the default search engine on Safari.
Energizer's fiscal second-quarter net sales and earnings decline year over year. The company lowers its fiscal 2025 guidance amid ongoing macroeconomic headwinds.
Amid a strong foothold in the diversified operations market, which market player - MMM or HON - is a better pick now?
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.