Title: OpenAI Recruits Instacart CEO Fidji Simo to Steer Operations
Date: 2025-05-08 13:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/openai-recruits-instacart-ceo-fidji-065522343.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Bloomberg) -- OpenAI is hiring the head of Instacart into a new role as chief executive officer of applications, reshaping leadership at the artificial-intelligence pioneer under CEO Sam Altman.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Is Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?
Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch
Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future
As Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of Rights
Fidji Simo, 39, will take on many of the operational duties currently held by Altman, including finance and product development. She will report to Altman, allowing him to focus on broader strategy, he announced on Wednesday.
OpenAI has gone through a tumultuous stretch as it seeks to develop a business model to support technological breakthroughs like ChatGPT. Altman also had to scale back plans to convert the startup to a for-profit entity after public pushback from former employees, academics and rivals, including Elon Musk. The company’s restructuring effort still has not received the blessing of Microsoft Corp., one of its largest stakeholders.
In recent months, Altman had shifted his focus to research and products while Chief Operating Officer Brad Lightcap took over more responsibilities for managing OpenAI’s day-to-day operations. The company has also significantly expanded its C-suite and executive ranks, allowing Altman to delegate more as OpenAI rapidly grows its business and global footprint.
Simo will oversee several executives who previously reported to Altman, including Lightcap, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. Her other reports will include Chief Financial Officer Sarah Friar and Chief Product Officer Kevin Weil, said the person, who asked not to be identified discussing non-public management changes. The research, safety, and scaling organizations will continue to report to Altman, the person said.
“In this new configuration I’ll be able to increase my focus on research, compute, and safety,” Altman said in a post on X. “These are critical as we approach superintelligence.”
Simo will depart her role as CEO of Maplebear Inc., the operator of Instacart, in the coming months, she said in a separate statement. She’s led the grocery delivery company for four years, following a decade at Meta Platforms Inc.
“In her new role, Fidji will focus on enabling our ‘traditional’ company functions to scale as we enter a next phase of growth,” Altman said in a statement posted to the OpenAI website. “We remain one OpenAI.”
Maplebear shares slid about 6% in premarket trading in the US. The company “expects that the company’s new CEO, who will be announced soon, will be one of its highly talented senior executives,” it said in an emailed statement.
Simo joined OpenAI’s board in early 2024 as part of a slate of new directors installed after the brief ousting and return of Altman in late 2023. Raised in France, she has spent years in leadership roles in the tech industry; before Instacart, she served as vice president and head of the Facebook app at Meta. She also co-founded a medical clinic and research foundation called the Metrodora Institute, which is aimed at curing neuroimmune disorders.
Simo is taking on the new executive role as OpenAI continues to race to commercialize its AI software and develop new cutting-edge models to stay ahead of emerging rivals in China. OpenAI is also part of a massive joint venture to build out more data center campuses in the US to support its AI technology, with plans to pursue more infrastructure investments abroad, too.
Earlier this year, OpenAI finalized a deal to raise $40 billion in a funding round led by SoftBank Group Corp. at a $300 billion valuation — and it may require still more capital eventually to continue funding the costly chips, data centers and talent needed for AI. SoftBank is also a key partner on OpenAI’s infrastructure plans.
While announcing OpenAI’s revised restructuring plan this week, Altman said the company wanted “something that works for investors, or at least works well enough for investors that they’re happy to continue to fund us to the degree we think we will need.” Now, Altman and OpenAI may also need to explain its revised org chart.
--With assistance from Dina Bass.
(Updates with additional details throughout)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott
Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
Maybe AI Slop Is Killing the Internet, After All
Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Instacart Chief Executive Fidji Simo is leaving the company to lead application development at OpenAI.
Microsoft’s (MSFT) Q3 earnings last week turned out to be a mic-drop moment for analysts, as the tech behemoth didn’t just surpass expectations, but totally crushed them. Since the announcement, seven Wall Street firms have reiterated their bullish stances on MSFT. Azure’s explosive growth, in particular, stole the show. Paired with OpenAI, Microsoft is sprinting ahead in the AI race, leaving competitors scrambling. And then, even after the stock’s post-earnings jump, MSFT still feels like a sma
(Bloomberg) -- Arm Holdings Plc declined in Thursday trading after giving a disappointing sales forecast for the current quarter, stoking concerns about a tariff-fueled slowdown for the chip industry. Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsRevenue will be $1 billion to $1.1 billio
Shares of Alphabet (GOOGL) are under pressure on Wednesday after an Apple (AAPL) executive said the iPhone maker was exploring adding AI search to its Safari browser. According to comments made during Google’s antitrust trial, Eddy Cue said searches in Apple’s browser fell for the first time in April and that Perplexity and Anthropic could be options. ADDING AI SEARCH TO BROWSER: Apple is “actively looking at” reshaping the Safari web browser on its devices to focus on AI-powered search engines
Microsoft, Alphabet and Meta are part of the Zacks Earnings Trends article.
Alphabet said it continues to see growth in search volumes despite Apple flagging a threat from artificial intelligence.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.