Title: Trump Exempts Some Electronics, Including Smartphones, From Tariffs on China
Date: 2025-04-12 19:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/trump-exempts-electronics-including-smartphones-192000202.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
President Trump’s tariff exemptions on some electronics are the latest twist in U.S. trade policy and could benefit companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Dell, Samsung and others that manufacture some products abroad.
Microsoft (MSFT) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
US telcos will turn up the volume on cost assurance messaging to underline their ability to provide customers with spend certainty as fears grow that the cost of new tariffs will be passed on to US consumers.
While Microsoft has backed off some leases recently with its data center buildout, both Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) look prepared to go full steam ahead.  Microsoft still plans to spend around $80 billion on infrastructure capital expenditures (capex) for artificial intelligence (AI) this fiscal year, but its fiscal year ends in June, only a couple of months from now.  For its part, OpenAI is looking to build out its own capacity; it's part of Project Stargate, which plans to spend $500 billion on AI data centers over the next few years.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim […]
We recently published a list of 10 Safest Dividend Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) stands against other safest dividend stocks to buy now. Today, in this article, we will be looking at the 10 safest dividend stocks you might be interested […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it […]
We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Roper Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROP) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But more […]
We recently published a list of 10 Best Golf Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where VICI Properties Inc. (NYSE:VICI) stands against other best golf stocks to buy according to analysts. Golf stocks are publicly traded firms that are part of the golf industry. […]
Corteva, Dole, Adecoagro and Mission Produce have been highlighted in this Industry Outlook article.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.