Title: Bill Gates Says Rich Countries 'Owe It To The World' To Get Themselves Down To Net Zero Emissions
Date: 2025-05-08 22:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bill-gates-says-rich-countries-223407866.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Bill Gates, Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) co-founder and one of the most vocal advocates for large-scale climate solutions, is urging wealthy nations to lead the charge in achieving net-zero emissions, highlighting they have a global responsibility.
Speaking in Singapore at Temasek's flagship sustainability event, Ecosperity, Gates called for impactful investments in innovation to address the climate crisis head-on.
Trending: Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary called Missing Ring his biggest mistake — Don't repeat history—invest in RYSE at just $1.90/share.
What Happened: During a fireside chat with Singapore's Ambassador for Climate Action, Ravi Menon, Gates stressed that while it may not be essential for every nation in the world to reach "absolute zero" emissions, rich countries that have access to the resources must do so.
"There are levels of emissions that are small enough that the temperature worsening actually is not a problem," he said. He also admitted that expecting the whole world to achieve net zero by 2050 is "not realistic" at this point, according to NBC.
Why It Matters: According to the United Nations, Net zero means "cutting carbon emissions to a small amount of residual emissions that can be absorbed and durably stored by nature and other carbon dioxide removal measures, leaving zero in the atmosphere."
See Also: The team behind $6B+ in licensing deals is now building the next billion-dollar IP empire — invest early at $2.25/share.
Gates emphasized that rich nations should set examples by reaching net zero, aiding the world stay on track with the Paris Agreement's target of limiting global warming to 1.5°C. He mentioned that innovation is crucial to achieving these goals, but cited challenges like securing risk capital.
At the same conference, where he was present as the founder of founder of Breakthrough Energy, Gates also shared his belief that even though there is a "little less cooperation going on", referring to President Donald Trump's climate rollbacks, he does not "think that’s a permanent thing."
Read Next:
Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold.
Deloitte's fastest-growing software company partners with Amazon, Walmart & Target – Many are rushing to grab 4,000 of its pre-IPO shares for just $0.30/share!
Photo courtesy: Alexandros Michailidis / Shutterstock.com
Send To MSN:  Send to MSN
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This article Bill Gates Says Rich Countries 'Owe It To The World' To Get Themselves Down To Net Zero Emissions originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
In the closing of the recent trading day, Veeva Systems (VEEV) stood at $239.53, denoting a +0.51% change from the preceding trading day.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Bruce Kovner’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other stock picks with huge upside potential. Bruce Kovner founded Caxton Associates in 1983, a New York-based trading and investment firm that was formed […]
President Trump's tariffs have tripped many recession alarms, and economists expect the U.S. could soon experience an economic downturn. Some of the most populous states in the South are the least prepared for a recession, according to a new report.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.
The Fed held rates steady, but its decisions shouldn’t be your plan to get out of debt.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.