Title: AI and ad tech are safe from Trump's tariffs so far
Date: 2025-05-08 11:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ai-and-ad-tech-are-safe-from-trumps-tariffs-so-far-115053609.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Big Tech’s earnings season is in full swing. And while we’ve still got a few weeks left before Nvidia reports its results on May 28, one major pattern is emerging. AI and advertising are dodging the impact of President Trump’s tariffs, while consumer-focused companies like Apple take the hit.
Google parent Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Amazon (AMZN), Meta (META), and Microsoft (MSFT) all scored solid results. Alphabet raised its dividend and authorized an additional $70 billion in stock buybacks, Meta provided strong guidance for the current quarter, and Microsoft pointed to healthy cloud sales. Amazon offered a lighter-than-anticipated outlook on its operating income for its second quarter, but even that didn’t shake analysts.
“[Management] noted limited direct impact from tariffs on the Q2 profit guide, driven by pre-buying inventory and limited [third-party] seller impact so far (sellers not yet raising prices),” BofA Securities analyst Justin Post wrote in an investor note following Amazon’s earnings.
And while Apple also saw better-than-anticipated EPS and revenue in its latest quarter, the company warned that it will take a $900 million charge in its current quarter. CEO Tim Cook also noted the outlook for the June quarter remains murky.
“There remains plenty of uncertainty on the tariff cost impact beyond the June [quarter], but we are assuming a 30% China tariff and 10% tariff for the [rest of the world], with Apple able to partially mitigate these tariffs, resulting in a 45.3% gross margin in the Sept [quarter],” Morgan Stanley’s Erik Woodring wrote in an analyst note.
It’s a sign that Big Tech’s cloud and AI giants are navigating the current economic environment with relative ease, while Apple is forced to pull as many levers as possible to avoid a damaging blow amid the Trump administration’s ever-changing tariff policy.
And it won’t get any easier until Washington provides some long-term clarity.
Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet
One of the main concerns going into Big Tech’s earnings season was whether advertising and AI spending would keep pace in the face of tariff fears. And, luckily for the likes of Alphabet, Amazon, Meta, and Microsoft, they did just that.
Alphabet’s advertising revenue topped expectations, and while cloud revenue was a hair shy of Wall Street’s estimates, analysts weren’t concerned, as the company, like its rivals, is contending with more AI demand than it can handle.
“And given that revenues are correlated with the timing of deployment of new capacity, we could see variability in Cloud revenue growth rates, depending on capacity deployment each quarter,” Alphabet CFO Anat Ashkenazi explained during the company’s earnings call. “We expect relatively higher capacity deployment towards the end of 2025.”
Chief business officer Philipp Schindler also called out Alphabet’s strong ad performance in Q1, and while he cautioned that it’s too soon to comment on Q2 and that the company will see minor headwinds related to changes to the de minimis exemption, he said Alphabet has plenty of experience working through uncertain times. The de minimis exemption exempted shipments of $800 or less coming into the US from tariffs.
Amazon also saw strong sales in Q1. And while CEO Andy Jassy explained that it’s difficult to tell where tariffs will go from here, he said that the company’s AWS service continues to grow meaningfully relative to its already massive size despite AI capacity constraints.
Microsoft’s cloud business grew 20% year over year, with AI contributing 16 points of growth to the company’s Azure business. And so far, the company isn’t seeing any major impact due to tariffs.
“Through April, demand signals across our commercial businesses as well as in LinkedIn, Gaming, and Search have remained consistent,” Microsoft CFO Amy Hood said during the company’s earnings call.
Meta, like Alphabet, also said its outlook looks solid outside of the de minimis exemption change.
“While Meta will not be immune should there be a macro slowdown, we believe it will perform better on a relative basis than less scaled digital advertising platforms,” William Blair analyst Ralph Schackart wrote in a note following Meta’s earnings.
Apple’s tariff problems are far more complicated thanks to its large presence in China. While the company is moving production for US-bound iPhones to India, it could still face duties on accessories made in other locations, including Vietnam.
Apple also has to worry about the Trump administration’s Section 232 investigation into potential semiconductor tariffs, which, Cook noted during the company’s latest earnings call, makes it difficult to provide a detailed outlook for the coming months.
“The company guided June [revenue] growth of ‘low single to mid-single digits,’ roughly 100bps below our expectations,” UBS analyst David Vogt wrote in an investor note following Apple’s earnings. “Additionally, segment color was not provided, raising some concern that iPhone revenue could decline [year over year] in June.”
How Cook ultimately decides to handle the ongoing tariff situation will have a major impact on the company going forward. And while his contemporaries are certainly contending with their own tariff troubles, the stakes are far higher for Apple.
Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.