Title: Nvidia commits $500 billion to AI infrastructure buildout in US, will bring supercomputer production to Texas
Date: 2025-04-14 14:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-commits-500-billion-to-ai-infrastructure-buildout-in-us-will-bring-supercomputer-production-to-texas-143540782.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NVDA) on Monday said it will produce up to $500 billion of AI infrastructure in the US within the next four years as the tech industry looks to bolster its domestic manufacturing footprint in the face of Trump's approach to trade policy and desire to onshore more US heavy industry.
As part of this $500 billion commitment to the AI supply chain, Nvidia said it is building two new supercomputer manufacturing plants in Texas in partnership with contract manufacturers Foxconn (2354.TW) and Wistron (3231.TW).
Nvidia expects to mass-produce supercomputers at those sites in 12 to 15 months. The chipmaker said its latest Blackwell AI chips are already in production at TSMC's (TSM) plant in Phoenix.
Read more: How does Nvidia make money?
Nvidia declined to answer questions about which of its products will be built at the supercomputer factories in Texas.
The chipmaker's announcement follows commitments from Big Tech firms to bring manufacturing to the US as the Trump administration pursues aggressive tariffs that could have massive cost implications for global tech supply chains.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
Since Trump took office, Apple (AAPL) has committed to investing $500 billion in the US over the next four years. Contract chip manufacturer TSMC has committed to spending $100 billion over a similar time frame.
Microsoft (MSFT) said it would spend $80 billion in 2025, with half of this investment focused on the US. Meta (META) has said the company will spend up to $65 billion in 2025, with a chunk of that cash going toward building a massive data center in Louisiana roughly the size of Manhattan.
The White House was quick to tout Nvidia's commitment in a post Monday. Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in the company's announcement: "The engines of the world's AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time."
The executive had hinted that Nvidia would increase its US manufacturing capacity in near future during the company's annual GTC event as it looks to avoid tariffs.
"We're preparing and we have been preparing to manufacture onshore," Huang told analysts in a call during the company's annual conference on March 19.
Trump said on Sunday that he plans to announce a tariff on semiconductor imports "and numerous other things" this week. His commentary came shortly after the administration over the weekend issued reciprocal tariff exemptions for key technology imports, such as GPUs and AI servers.
Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Shares of U.S. automakers jumped on Monday amid speculation the companies could receive some relief from President Trump’s 25% auto tariffs.
First, Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG)(NASDAQ: GOOGL) held its Google Cloud Next 2025 event last week, which probably flew under many investors' radars.  At the event, not only were there a number of exciting announcements, especially with regard to Google's new Gemini 2.5 model, but CEO Sundar Pichai also confirmed Alphabet's previously announced plans to spend a massive $75 billion on AI data centers this year.  Pichai added that spending is yielding good returns, saying, "The opportunity with AI is as big as it gets."
Stocks are looking to extend their strongest weekly rally since late 2023.
Here's what could happen to stocks next.
Nvidia has found itself in the crosshairs of an escalating trade war between Washington and Beijing.
Defying the bloodbath a handful of S&P 500 stocks have provided double-digit returns year to date. Five of them are AWK, EXC, CNP, PGR, BRO.
The Wall Street veteran breaks down the big-data-analytics company's latest deal.
We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) stands against other best stocks for 15 years. Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated level […]
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.