Title: 2 Unstoppable Dividend Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever
Date: 2025-05-08 13:53
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/08/2-unstoppable-dividend-stocks-buy-and-hold-forever/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Some research has shown that dividend-paying stocks significantly outperformed their non-dividend-paying peers over the past few decades, and that the lion's share of market returns can be attributed to reinvested dividends and compounding. Those are excellent arguments for investing in dividend stocks and holding on to them for a long time.
However, not all dividend-paying companies are equally attractive. Which ones should you consider? Two excellent options right now are Amgen (AMGN -1.37%) and Microsoft (MSFT 1.10%). Here's why these two income stocks are worth sticking with for good.
Image source: Getty Images.
It's never a bad idea to turn to leading drugmakers like Amgen when looking for forever stocks. The business of developing and marketing innovative therapies for serious, sometimes life-threatening diseases will never go out of style until we find all-purpose cures for all conditions.
While individual drugmakers could fail, Amgen's business looks strong enough to avoid that fate for a long time. It boasts an extensive lineup of medicines, with over 10 that each generated upwards of $1 billion in sales in 2024. In the first quarter, revenue increased by a strong 9% year over year to $8.1 billion.
Amgen's lineup is diversified across several therapeutic areas, including oncology, immunology, rare diseases, and respiratory diseases. Key growth drivers (not an exhaustive list) include Tezspire, an asthma medication; Repatha, which treats high cholesterol; and blood-cancer medicine Blincyto.
Like every drugmaker, Amgen will, at some point, face patent cliffs that will erode sales of important products. The way to get around this issue is to develop newer medicines. Looking at the company's pipeline, it seems more than capable of doing so. It boasts a few dozen programs that should lead to label expansions and brand-new approvals.
The company has been working on a promising weight management candidate, MariTide. Though this product somewhat disappointed in phase 2 studies, it's still in the running to reach the market and generate decent sales, considering how rapidly the anti-obesity space is growing. Besides, Amgen is developing another weight loss candidate that's still in phase 1 studies.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 909% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025
Weight loss isn't the only area the biotech is going after; it has exciting products across others. In the biosimilar realm, it recently launched Pavblu, a competitor to Regeneron Pharmaceuticals' blockbuster, Eylea, which treats an eye condition called wet age-related macular degeneration. Amgen should be able to overcome future losses of patent exclusivity for key products, even if it goes through periods of declining sales as a result.
The stock should perform well in the long run and continue rewarding shareholders with regular dividends. The company has increased its payouts by 201% in the past decade so it currently offers a forward yield of 3.4% -- while the average for the S&P 500 is 1.3%. Amgen might not be as exciting as certain tech companies, but the stock looks like a strong buy-and-forget pick.
Microsoft's shares struggled for much of the year. The threat of tariffs and the fear that they could lead to an inflationary environment or a recession (or both) weighed on many tech giants, including Microsoft.
However, the company more or less put those fears to bed (for now) with its latest quarterly update, for the third quarter of its fiscal year 2025, ending March 31. Revenue jumped by 13% year over year to $70.1 billion.
The tech leader can thank its cloud computing arm, Microsoft Azure, for that performance; the segment's revenue jumped by 33% (or 35% in constant currency) compared to the year-ago period. And there's more where that came from. In its fourth quarter, Microsoft expects Azure revenue to increase 34% to 35% in constant currency.
So, despite economic uncertainty, the company is doing fine. The important lesson here isn't that its quarter was strong. It's that even during challenging times, Microsoft can perform relatively well. That's why the stock has thrived for decades, making longtime shareholders much wealthier.
Microsoft's ability to navigate tough periods is one factor that makes it an attractive forever stock. Here are two more. First, the company has a strong moat from its brand name and switching costs within its cloud and software productivity businesses. Second, it has attractive long-term growth opportunities; cloud computing and artificial intelligence (AI) are the most exciting of the bunch.
That means that even with a market capitalization above $3 trillion, Microsoft still has a bright future, and the company's dividend looks safe. It might only have a forward yield of 0.8%, but the rock-solid underlying business, ability to generate plenty of cash, and consistent dividend growth record (it's increased its payouts by 168% over the past 10 years) more than make up for the low yield.
Microsoft is a top stock to hold on to for growth and income investors alike.

 

Before you buy stock in Amgen, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Amgen wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $623,103!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $717,471!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 909% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025


Prosper Junior Bakiny has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Amgen, Microsoft, and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/08/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends