Title: Alphabet stock rebounds, Wall Street analysts defend company after Apple's AI search plan triggers 7% sell-off
Date: 2025-05-08 13:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-stock-rebounds-wall-street-analysts-defend-company-after-apples-ai-search-plan-triggers-7-sell-off-133601245.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) stock rose roughly 2% Thursday as several Wall Street banks defended the company following shares' 7% drop Wednesday, which was spurred by a report that Apple (AAPL) may be looking to add AI search options to its web browser Safari.
Alphabet-owned Google is currently the default search option for Apple's browser, for which it pays the iPhone maker $20 billion annually.
Read more about Alphabet's stock moves and today's market action.
During testimony in the US Justice Department’s lawsuit against Alphabet, Apple’s senior vice president of services, Eddy Cue, said that Google searches on Safari declined for the first time last month, Bloomberg reported Wednesday.
Cue indicated the decline in Safari searches occurred as customers turn to AI search providers and said Apple is “actively looking at” adding AI search engines such as Perplexity to its default Safari web browser.
Google said in a statement late Wednesday, "We continue to see overall query growth in Search. That includes an increase in total queries coming from Apple’s devices and platforms."
Analysts at Jefferies, TD Cowen, Citi, and JPMorgan were among those on Wall Street maintaining a Buy or Overweight rating on the stock.
Jefferies analyst Brent Thill and JPMorgan analyst Harlan Sur both called the reaction to Cue’s commentary “overdone.” Analysts said Apple’s Cue was likely trying to argue that the search market is competitive, which would help bolster Google’s case so that it doesn’t lose its $20 billion deal.
Sur said Apple “has incentive for Google to appear weaker in search, while also emphasizing increased search competition and the significant impact to Apple’s business.”
Thill wrote: “Considering Google's substantial payment to Apple to be its default search provider, it is logical that Apple might highlight data points supporting the narrative that Google is not anti-competitive in search, citing risks of AI providers, which could benefit Google's case in appealing against claims of anti-competitive behavior (Apple's Cue reportedly noted that GOOGL still offers the best financial terms).”
TD Cowen’s John Blackledge noted that Google’s own AI overviews — an integration of its AI model Gemini within its search engine that summarizes search results — has 1.5 billion monthly users across 140 countries. He noted that AI Overview searches currently generate the same amount of revenue for Google as traditional searches, supporting the argument that AI-powered search won’t cannibalize Google’s core advertising business.
Some investors have grown concerned that AI models will replace traditional search engines, a space dominated by Google, since the launch of OpenAI’s ChatGPT in 2022. Big Tech firms have rushed to launch AI-powered search tools.
Google has a search option from its Gemini AI in addition to AI Overviews, but that's a separate option from Google Search. Microsoft (MSFT) also has an AI competitor in its Copilot search option. Apple already offers ChatGPT as a search option as part of its Apple Intelligence platform.
Daniel Howley contributed reporting. Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley.
Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
We recently published a list of Billionaire Quants’ Two Sigma’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other billionaire quants’ two sigma’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Two Sigma Advisors is one of the leading players in the […]
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Getting Wall Street’s Attention Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other AI stocks that are getting Wall Street’s attention right now. Investors in the artificial intelligence trade have been frantic ever since the […]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -U.S. President Donald Trump renewed his criticism on Thursday of Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell, calling him a "fool" and complaining that the Fed is refusing to lower interest rates.  Trump has been on a virtual war path against Powell in recent weeks, threatening to fire him -- and then backing away from that threat.  Trump, speaking one day after the Fed, as financial markets had widely expected, kept its key borrowing rate unchanged, said cutting interest rates would be "like jet fuel" for the economy, "but he doesn't want to do it."
Utilities have outperformed the broader market in 2025 as energy demand keeps rising.
(Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc.’s silicon design group is working on new chips that will serve as the brains for future devices, including its first smart glasses, more powerful Macs and artificial intelligence servers. Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in For
Nvidia reports earnings for the first quarter later this month, and history offers an indicator of what direction the stock should move in from here.
One of the most important branding decisions a company can make about its product is the name. It needs to be catchy and descriptive. But when trademarking, it also can’t be “generic,” according to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, which rebuffed Tesla’s (TSLA) application to trademark the term “robotaxi” for its planned ride-hailing service.
Shopify Inc. (NASDAQ:SHOP) stock dropped after the company reported fiscal first-quarter results on Thursday. The company's quarterly revenue growth of 26.8% year over year to $2.36 billion beat the analyst consensus estimate of $2.33 billion. Revenue growth marked its eighth consecutive quarter with greater than 25% revenue growth, excluding logistics. Also Read: Shopify Q1 Likely Solid, But Analyst Says Tariff Commentary And Q2 Outlook Will Steer Investor Focus The e-commerce platform company
Cloudflare (NET) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 0% and 2.21%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Alphabet is the fifth-largest company in the world, and it seems to have a bright future thanks to the integration of AI tools in its business.  Alphabet is the fifth-largest company in the world with a market cap of $2 trillion, and it has reached this position thanks to its dominance in the global search engine market, a fast-growing cloud computing business, and its strong share in the digital advertising market.  Alphabet's AI investments seem to be bearing fruit.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.