Title: NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Plans $500B AI Server Push in the U.S. with TSMC and Foxconn
Date: 2025-04-16 03:25:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-corporation-nvda-plans-500b-032536715.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of10 AI Stocks on the Move. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks on the move. Market uncertainty aside, the AI race is tighter than ever. A report by Stanford University’s Institute for Human-Centered AI (HAI) states that not only has the battlefield become tighter, but also more crowded than previously. The report notes that Google and OpenAI are neck to neck in the race to build cutting-edge AI, and that other companies are fiercely closing in. Meta, Anthropic, and Elon Musk’s xAI are a few of these names. Chinese competitors are also closing in on the AI race. In particular, DeepSeek’s R1 model is very close to the top-performing models of two of the leading AI companies. “It creates an exciting space. It’s good that these models are not all developed by five guys in Silicon Valley. Chinese models are catching up as far as performance to the US models..but across the globe, there are new players emerging in the space.” In recent news, OpenAI has launched its new AI model GPT-4.1, along with smaller versions GPT-4.1 mini and GPT-4.1 nano. These models boast major improvements in coding, instruction following, and long context comprehension. READ NOW:10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatilityand14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention According to OpenAI, the models outperform the company’s most advanced GPT-4o model across the board and are available only on OpenAI’s application programming interface (API). In particular, the GPT-4.1 brags a 21% improvement over GPT-4o and 27% over GPT-4.5 on coding. Moreover, there are improvements in instruction following and long context comprehension, which make these models a better choice for powering AI agents. “Benchmarks are strong, but we focused on real-world utility, and developers seem very happy.” OpenAI also noted that these models operate at a “much lower cost” compared to GPT-4.5, and that the company would turn off the GPT-4.5 preview that is available in the API in July because the new models offer “improved or similar performance.” For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here). A close-up of a colorful high-end graphics card being plugged in to a gaming computer. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 223 NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) specializes in AI-driven solutions, offering platforms for data centers, self-driving cars, robotics, and cloud services. On April 14,Reutersreported that the company is planning to build AI servers worth as much as $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years. Seeking help from partners such as TSMC, the announcement includes production of its Blackwell AI chips at TSMC’s factory in Phoenix, Arizona, and supercomputer manufacturing plants in Texas by Foxconn and Wistron. Analysts believe that the move aligns with those of tech firms who have pledged to bring manufacturing back to the US. “It is unlikely Nvidia would have moved any production to the U.S. if it was not for pressure from the Trump administration. The half a trillion number is likely hyperbole, in the same way Apple made a half a trillion promise.” CEO Jensen Huang said that his company sees little short-term impact from higher U.S. tariffs. Nevertheless, they would move production to the U.S. in the longer term. “Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain and boosts our resiliency.” Overall, NVDAranks 3rdon our list of AI stocks on the move. While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. (Bloomberg) -- Oil fell for a second day as wider markets turned lower and expectations increased for a glut because of the escalating trade war between the world’s two biggest economies.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBrent crude traded near $64 a barrel, with West The U.S. government ”indicated that the license requirement addresses the risk that the covered products may be used in, or diverted to, a supercomputer in China,” Nvidia said. Big Tech stocks are too important to be sacrificed in a trade war but a negotiated peace isn't yet on the table. The airline issued dual-guidance benchmarks in the face of extreme market uncertainty. Nvidia shares plummeted 8% after the U.S. banned its H20 chip sales to China, impacting equities and the crypto market. Northrop Grumman is better than Boeing at building stealth aircraft. Might Northrop Grumman stock be better than Boeing, too? Nvidia's announcement brings Big Tech’s investment pledges to US AI infrastructure to just north of $1.6 trillion since Trump's inauguration. Nvidia did not warn at least some major customers in advance about new U.S. export rules it was told about a week ago requiring it to obtain licenses to sell its China-focused artificial intelligence chip, according to two sources familiar with the matter.  The U.S. chipmaker disclosed on Tuesday that American officials had informed the company on April 9 that its H20 chip would require an export license for sales to China.  The move to restrict H20 shipments marks Washington's latest effort to limit China's access to advanced semiconductors, as the United States seeks to maintain its edge in AI technology. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.