Title: Jim Cramer’s Dilemma_ Should Investors Wait or Buy the Dip in Caterpillar (CAT)_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 16-02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-dilemma-investors-wait-160233189.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses.
In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer discussed the reasons behind the recent market turmoil. Cramer emphasized that markets haven’t yet priced in the full brunt of the policies that are coming out of the White House. With Peter Navarro’s anti-China agenda now setting the tone, Cramer warned that corporate earnings and valuations are being fundamentally redefined, and made a bold prediction at where the S&P 500 index could potentially find its bottom:
“I think that the way you want to look at it is what multiple do you put on the new earnings estimates for the S&P. And I think that the S&P people thought it would be 270 to 280; now it’s going to be 230. I think you have to put a worst case, 14 times, because markets have tended to bottom at 14 times earnings and that gives you a 36% downside from here. […] We’re still at 20, that’s the problem. You take it down to 14, where it’s historically bottom, you multiply it by 230, and you get S&P 3220, and that should be your bottom.”
READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Got These 10 Stocks All Wrong and Jim Cramer Nailed These 11 Stock Picks.
Cramer then painted a picture of the economic path ahead, noting that the current President’s stance is no longer about deal-making but about generating revenue. He warned viewers that without a change in course, the economy could be heading straight toward a recession:
“You’ve got this dichotomy. I mean, this is a man who’s not talking about negotiating. He’s talking about raising a lot of revenue. In the interim, we’ve got inflation because there’s bargaining, but everybody has to pay higher prices and ultimately a recession if there is not some sort of accommodation made.”
While discussing if the current environment is reminiscent of 2007, Cramer rejected the comparison, but acknowledged that capital is fleeing the US markets which might indicate a loss of confidence in American economic leadership:
“Look, there are signs that the U.S. has lost its supremacy. I want to take that off the table if we decide to change our view. See, let’s say I tell people, I think it’s time to really bail. It’s really dangerous. And then the market drops 50 percent. And then the president switches. Can I tell people, oh, now it’s fine, all clear? No, that does not work. It’s not 2007. And by the way, 2007, it took six years to get back. Eighteen months is the average of the last other five bear markets. Eighteen months. “
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 7th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors, as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund holders: 62
Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) is a leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, with its fortunes closely tied to global trade and infrastructure development. Cramer discussed the stock following a downgrade from UBS, explaining that the company is vulnerable to slowing world trade but may be worth considering if infrastructure spending returns. Here’s his remarks:
“UBS, good firm, they downgraded Caterpillar from hold to sell. So people are saying, well, there’s going to be a halt in world trade, a halt in construction. So you sell companies that are related to infrastructure. And I think what you’re struggling with here is, is Caterpillar buy at a certain point? Because maybe infrastructure comes back. But my problem is, I think you have to wait. And I know wait is just not what you want to hear. No one really wants to hear somebody come on air and say, I think you have to wait and see. But I think that’s the right thing, the right strategy to advocate. Well, I’m not going to tell people to sell Caterpillar too soon. Look, let’s say Caterpillar goes to 240. Can I tell people, hey, 240, you got to get back in? Are we using a 2007 paradigm, or are we using the other 5-20% declines? Because if it’s the other 5-20% declines, then you can’t sell. You might not have to buy. You can’t sell. “
Overall, CAT ranks 7th on our list of stocks Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CAT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Oil price plunges below $60, dragging oil majors like XOM, CVX, and SHEL lower. Trade war tariffs and OPEC+ supply surge shake up global energy markets.
We recently published a list of 8 Worst Small Cap Agriculture Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE:CNH) stands against other worst small cap agriculture stocks to buy. To supply the world’s demands for food and raw materials, the agriculture sector—which includes growing […]
AFRM and RH have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Walmart Inc. (NYSE:WMT) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer […]
Caterpillar (CAT) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
Zacks.com users have recently been watching Enphase Energy (ENPH) quite a bit. Thus, it is worth knowing the facts that could determine the stock's prospects.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer […]
CABGY vs. BF.B: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option?
In times of volatility, investors often find comfort in a company maintaining a steady-as-we-go policy.  Caterpillar's consistency came from its dividend policy.  Such a move is a positive signal to investors that the company will do well enough to at least keep the dividend level.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
