Title: Jim Cramer on Caterpillar Inc. (CAT)_ “Don’t Sell Those – It’s a Mistake”
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 18-41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-caterpillar-inc-cat-184115531.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Believes Trump Hasn’t Ordered A Market Crash & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed.
In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Friday, Jim Cramer struggled to understand President Trump’s game plan. The President’s decision to announce tariffs on countries that have a trade surplus with the US roiled the stock market and made Cramer speculate whether the coming Monday would resemble 1987’s infamous Black Monday crash. He commented:
“I do think that what’s happened Carl, is that I struggle for why, for what the President’s game plan is. Because if you wanted to make the market, uh, crash, I think you would go with his game plan. I don’t like that, I do not favor that, that’s a they know nothing game plan, and it’s very disappointing. Because I’m a savvy person, business person, surrounded by business people, it should not be in our country’s interest to have the market crash.”
Naturally, criticizing the government is controversial and so is speculating about a possible incoming historic market crash. However, Cramer remained defiant and shared with viewers how he withstood the 1987 crash:
“Now if I am blamed for what I said, you know what, I don’t play for dinner! I am finally at the darn age where I’m allowed to say that if I mean it. Now I said it a couple of other times and I was right! In every occasion. I was in cash for 1987. In cash. That was not stupid. I was in cash for the crash. I obviously said in 2007 that they knew nothing. That was a good call. I don’t want this to be that call. There’s plenty of opportunity for the President to say, you know I’ve been thinking. We’ll do the TikTok deal. We’ll avoid this.”
While he didn’t shun buying stocks, Cramer urged viewers to be careful. “I can’t think of a single reason to buy a stock,” he said. Now I’m on hold, I mean we’ve sold enough stuff for our charitable trust. But I can’t bottom fish! I don’t want to sleep with the fishes!” he added.
In his Thursday show, Cramer outlined that stocks were readjusting to lower multiples stemming from tariff-induced higher costs of business. When asked if he was more bearish than his earlier prediction of prices falling for a multiple adjustment, he remarked:
“I think that, I find it impossible to believe that the President would actually order a crash. . . .We have a lot of people who have money in the stock market. It’s the bedrock of a lot of 401(k) and IRA. And I think that should play a role too. And I am much more of a hard-line tariff person than the President. . .I hate free trade. I am so much harder line than Navarro! And Trump!”
Cramer implored the Trump administration to give companies a path to navigate through tariffs. “You can undo what you did in the next 48 hours,” he said. “It makes no sense to hurt American companies. Give them a path! And then what then we go up!,” he added.
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 4th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A construction crew operating a hydraulic shovel during a nighttime project.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 62
Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) is one of the largest industrial equipment companies in the world. As a result, its hypothesis depends on economic growth and the interest rate environment. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) has struggled lately as low corn and other prices have reduced the demand for its products as farmers held inventory in hopes of price recovery. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT)’s shares dipped by 13.9% on Thursday and Friday. Here’s what Cramer said about the firm:
“[On BA and CAT being the worst two Dow names] Yeah I know, I mean because of China, although Caterpillar has diversified away from China so much and Boeing has got so many orders it shouldn’t be. Those are both mistakes. Shouldn’t be. Don’t sell those.”
Overall, CAT ranks 4th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CAT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Caterpillar (CAT) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
The retailer says the “range of outcomes’” for operating income growth has widened and that it wants to maintain flexibility to “invest in price as tariffs are implemented.”
Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian told analysts and reporters on Wednesday morning that the U.S.-based carrier will not pay tariffs on any aircraft deliveries from Airbus this year.  The comments were made before the Trump administration announced a 90-day pause on import tariffs for goods from around the world except China.  Delta would work closely with Netherlands-based Airbus on the issue.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
