Title: Microsoft (MSFT) Faces Capex Shift but Analysts Stay Bullish on Long-Term AI Plans
Date: 2025-04-16 19:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-msft-faces-capex-shift-191243770.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: We recently published a list of10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s tariffs could prove to be a massive gift for China, even helping it catch up in the AI race. “It’s going to be very hard for the U.S. to win the so-called AI Cold War if America’s trade policies are simultaneously tanking global markets, discouraging technological investments, and potentially undermining traditional alliances with key allies.” Trump’s policies are disrupting supply chains and causing volatility in global markets, which may lead US allies to turn to China to meet their technological needs. “Suddenly, in the wake of this trade fiasco, we see EU officials saying, ‘Let’s get on the phone with China and talk. Huawei has this telecommunications hardware system they want to sell, and there’s also these AI models that are free of charge.” READ ALSO:10 AI Stocks on the Moveand10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. With all the tensions caused by the US tariffs, China’s President Xi Jinping has recently called for stronger ties with Vietnam on trade and supply chains as he attended the signing of dozens of cooperation agreements between the two nations. While Beijing faces 145% U.S. duties, Vietnam has been negotiating a reduction of U.S. tariffs of 46% that would otherwise apply in July after a global moratorium expires,Reutersreported. “The two sides should strengthen cooperation in production and supply chains,” Xi The President has also urged increased trade and stronger ties with Hanoi on artificial intelligence and the green economy. Discussing the meetings, U.S. President Donald Trump said that the two countries’ discussions were focused on harming the United States. However, he said that he did not blame them for holding such talks. “I don’t blame China; I don’t blame Vietnam. That’s a lovely meeting. Meeting like, trying to figure out, ‘how do we screw the United States of America?'” For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here).

