Title: Zuckerberg: Snapchat would have grown faster if it accepted $6B buyout offer
Date: 2025-04-16 20:27
URL: https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/16/zuckerberg-snapchat-would-have-grown-faster-if-it-accepted-6b-buyout-offer/?.tsrc=rss

Latest
AI
Amazon
Apps
Biotech & Health
Climate
Cloud Computing
Commerce
Crypto
Enterprise
EVs
Fintech
Fundraising
Gadgets
Gaming
Google
Government & Policy
Hardware
Instagram
Layoffs
Media & Entertainment
Meta
Microsoft
Privacy
Robotics
Security
Social
Space
Startups
TikTok
Transportation
Venture
Events
Startup Battlefield
StrictlyVC
Newsletters
Podcasts
Videos
Partner Content
TechCrunch Brand Studio
Crunchboard
Contact Us
Posted:
During Meta’s antitrust trial this week, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg said that Snapchat would have grown faster if it accepted his company’s offer to buy the social network back in 2013,Business Insiderreports.
Court documents revealed that Meta, then called Facebook, offered to buy Snapchat for $6 billion (reports at the time said thatthe dollar amount was $3 billion). In response to questioning from an FTC attorney, Zuckerberg said he thought Snapchat “wasn’t growing at the potential that it could” and that his company would have improved the app.
“For what it’s worth, I think if we would have bought them, we would have accelerated their growth, but that’s just speculation,” Zuckerberg testified.
The government brought up the failed acquisition attempt to support its argument that Meta aims to preserve its dominance in the social media landscape by acquiring rivals, rather than competing with them directly.
The FTC is looking to force Meta to restructure or sell Instagram and WhatsApp, arguing that the company spent billions to acquire the apps to fend off Facebook competitors, creating an illegal monopoly.
Topics
Subscribe for the industry’s biggest tech news
Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunch’s coverage.
TechCrunch's AI experts cover the latest news in the fast-moving field.
Every Monday, gets you up to speed on the latest advances in aerospace.
Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly.
By submitting your email, you agree to ourTermsandPrivacy Notice.
© 2025 Yahoo.
1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now!
1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now!