Title: Trump energy boss’s company plunging 40% is a warning for US oil production
Date: 2025-04-16 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-energy-boss-company-plunging-100000589.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Energy Secretary Chris Wright says Donald Trump’s administration is giving the “green light” to more US oil production, but the signal from the fracking company he used to run is flashing bright red.
Liberty Energy Inc. (LBRT), which Wright led until his appointment to Trump’s cabinet, has tumbled 43% this year, one of the most precipitous declines among US energy stocks. The value of Wright’s stake in Liberty has fallen by nearly half to about $30 million over that period.
Liberty’s rout is a warning that all is not well in America’s shale patch, despite Trump’s pledge to achieve “energy dominance.” Oil field servicers often provide the first indication of an industry downturn because they’re the ones hired to drill and frack new wells. After the trade war and OPEC’s recent decision to hike production knee-capped crude prices, investors expect US shale producers to avoid pumping more barrels into an oversupplied market.
A drop in spending on services means US oil production could stall, or even decline this year, for the first time since the pandemic. So far, servicers are getting the brunt of the impact from tariff fears: An index of the companies has slid 28% this year, compared with 7% for oil and gas producers.
“It’s just going to be painful,” said Dan Pickering, chief investment officer at energy-focused financial services firm Pickering Energy Partners. “What comes next, and we’ve already heard whispers of this, it will be slowing down of drilling activity, releasing frack crews.”
Liberty is due to kick off earnings season for oil field servicers on Wednesday after the market closes, with larger rivals Halliburton Co. (HAL), Baker Hughes Co. (BKR) and SLB (SLB) to follow next week.
Oil field service companies are largely dependent on producer spending on drilling and fracking new wells for their income, leaving them uniquely vulnerable to downturns. Producers like Diamondback Energy Inc. and Devon Energy Corp., by contrast, can continue to earn revenue from their existing wells. Plus, they have the option of hedging oil prices and renegotiating for lower-cost drilling contracts.
Even before tariffs, servicers had been suffering from lower demand as shale producers become more efficient, which means fewer drilling days and workers to do the same job. Investors will find out soon if further cuts are coming as contracts inked before the trade war expire and producers respond to the slump in crude prices.
West Texas Intermediate crude oil, the US benchmark, closed at $61.33 on Tuesday, down 14% this year.
“We would not be surprised to see US oil output decline” if low prices persist, Barclays Plc analysts led by Amarpreet Singh wrote in a note to clients on Friday.
A representative for Liberty declined to comment, citing a mandated quiet period ahead of the company’s earnings release. Wright didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. The energy secretary did, however, put a positive spin on the market in an interview with Bloomberg TV on April 11. Trump’s election gave a “green light” to increase production, with pledges to roll back regulation and expand oil lease sales and permitting, he said.
“Now there is extra fear of world economic growth in the next few months among the tariffs dialogue,” he said. “The marketplace may be discounting the wrong answer here. We will see very positive economic growth in the next few years.”
Investors and analysts aren’t convinced. US revenue for the five biggest frack providers is expected to drop by almost $1 billion this year, a 5% decline and the second consecutive annual drop, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Last week, producers idled oil rigs in US shale fields at the fastest pace in almost two years.
US shale is on the brink of major cutbacks, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM). The industry will cut 50 oil rigs at a sustained $60 a barrel WTI price, reducing production by half a million barrels a day, analysts led by Arun Jayaram wrote in a note this week. If prices drop to $55 a barrel, the impact doubles, the analysts said.
Prices falling below $60 “will create softness that’s going to cost us jobs,” said T.M. “Roe” Patterson, co-founder and managing partner at private equity fund Marauder Capital. “We’re going stack rigs and we’re going to see an industry pullback,” Patterson said.
Still, oil field servicers are unlikely to go bankrupt in droves like they did during the 2014 and 2020 downturns. Balance sheets are much healthier after the pandemic as companies focus on capital discipline, said Jeff Krimmel, owner of energy strategy consulting firm Krimmel Strategy Group.
“It’s not like you’re going to see huge swaths of the sector struggling with liquidity, struggling to pay their bills,” Krimmel said. “For the ones that are best differentiated with technology, this might actually be an opportunity for them to make a more compelling case even than they have to this point.”
For his part, Wright wants the oil patch to focus on the benefits he says the Trump administration will bring over the long term. Trump has been clear about his desire for more crude output and lower prices, which will help bring “prosperity at home and peace abroad,” Wright said.
Predictions “of the demise of demand growth for oil are older than I am,” he said in the Bloomberg TV interview. “A long-term growth rate of oil has been going on for decades. I don’t see any big change in that in the foreseeable future.”
But concerns about demand are riding high in an industry that overwhelmingly supported Trump with cash and votes in his run for the White House.
“I would like to see the administration do a little more to put some consistency in their messaging around crude oil and to backstop pricing a little bit,” Patterson said. “Frankly, everything they’re saying right now is kind of counterintuitive.”
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does ACNB (ACNB) have what it takes? Let's find out.
Income investors can look at the proverbial glass of water as half-full amid intense stock market volatility.  Energy Transfer LP (NYSE: ET) is on the bubble to qualify for this list.  This midstream energy leader's business should hold up quite well even if President Trump's steep tariffs remain in place.
Oil prices have tumbled this year.  Lower crude prices will impact oil company cash flows.  Three oil companies that can still thrive in the current environment are Devon Energy (NYSE: DVN), ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP), and Chevron (NYSE: CVX).
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Simple tools are often the best when it comes to researching growth stocks. To speed up your analysis, use the Composite Rating.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
You’ll need to do a bit of legwork to find a good fit, but it’s worth it to get one of these loans.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.