Title: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent to America's biggest CEOs: Stop worrying
Date: 2025-04-16 12:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/treasury-secretary-scott-bessent-to-americas-biggest-ceos-stop-worrying-121627070.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
US Treasury Scott Bessent has a message to powerful public company CEOs: Stop worrying about tariffs, and get back to business.
"We're going to have a lot more clarity on the way forward [on tariffs] over the next 90 days," Bessent told Yahoo Finance in aninterviewon Tuesday (video above).
Bessent was responding to a question about CEOs voicing concerns about the Trump administration's trade policy. Some top leaders have expressed to me that the tariffs are putting their businesses into a state of chaos.
Bessent added, "They'll [CEOs] also have clarity on tax and on deregulation. I remember in 2017 I heard a lot of the same things because the tax deal wasn't done until right before Christmas in 2017. And it was the same thing. We can't plan. We can't do this. We need clarity. So, you know, we're going to have clarity on tax. We're going to have clarity on deregulation."
Read more:What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet
Corporate America has sounded the alarm on the state of the economy amid the tariff turmoil.
JPMorgan (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon said in a recent TV interview that a recession is likely. Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon told analysts on his earnings call on Monday that the prospect of a recession has increased.
Bessent's hedge fund mentor Stanley Druckenmiller has weighed in onXthat he doesn't support tariffs above 10%.
"Well, the consumer is concerned about a number of things ... the pricing and costs of things, inflation," Constellation Brands (STZ) CEO Bill Newlands told me on Yahoo Finance'sCatalysts. "They're concerned about immigration, particularly consumers that have had friends or family who have been involved with issues around immigration. How that's translating is that people are spending less. They're out less in restaurants. They're spending less on consumer goods and consumables."
The Corona and Modelo beer maker has seen beer sales go flat amid the economic uncertainty.
Bessent said about the recession concerns from Dimon and Solomon: "Look, that's their job is to be concerned. But again, I think that there is all this chatter on tariffs and what we're worried about. And, you know, I come from Wall Street, I think Wall Street can continue to do great, but we are focused on Main Street."
The concerns from CEOs have been well placed.
On April 9, the Trump administration announced a 90-day pause on all reciprocal tariffs, with the exception being China. The tariffs on China, one of the US's most important trading partners, now stand at 145%.
A 10% across-the-board tax is still being applied to all imports to the US.
The administration further refined its tariff plans on April 11.
The White House issued a rule that spared smartphones, computers, semiconductors, and other electronics from reciprocal tariffs — especially the harsher ones on Chinese goods. The US Customs and Border Patrol said that the goods would be excluded from Trump's 10% global tariff on most countries and the much more significant 145% tariffs on Chinese imports.
Bessent suggested atrade deal with China remains in the distance.
Trump quickly downplayed that he was reversing course on tariffs, noting electronics would still get hit.
"There was no Tariff ‘exception’," Trump said in a social media post on Sunday. "These products are subject to the existing 20% FentanylTariffs, and they are just moving to a different Tariff 'bucket.'"
The administration is working on a semiconductor tariff, according to Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) has recovered to a decline of 4.67% beneath its level at the April 2 tariff announcement, but a decline is still a decline. The index is off by 12% from its mid-February peak.
Brian Sozziis Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X@BrianSozzi,Instagram, andLinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Luxury electric vehicle (EV) maker Lucid Group (NASDAQ: LCID) launched its fully electric Gravity SUV to the public last year and began accepting registrations from interested customers.  A company executive also announced that plans to launch a new, midsize SUV next year are on track.  Maybe more important for Lucid investors are plans to launch a new, lower-priced, midsize SUV next year.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent sat down exclusively with Yahoo Finance as  economic uncertainty from Trump administration's tariffs continues to weigh on investors.
Mortgage applications for refinancing and purchases dropped last week after rates rose 20 basis points, reflecting market turbulence from President Trump's tariffs.
Here's why your water bill is going up.
When a severe rice shortage sent prices skyrocketing in Japan last year, Tokyo restaurant owner Arata Hirano did what had once seemed unthinkable: he switched to an American variety.  The price of the Californian Calrose rice he buys has doubled since his first purchase last summer, but even so it's far cheaper than home-grown grains.  His willingness to embrace foreign rice may presage a seismic change in mindset for Japanese businesses and consumers - one that could allow Tokyo leeway to relax some restrictions if rice becomes a thorny topic in tariff talks with U.S. President Donald Trump, who has called out Japan's high levies on its staple grain.
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe US economy is set to lose billions of dollars in revenue in 2025 from a pullback in foreign tourism and boycott
First, I will briefly discuss the outlook for the economy and monetary policy.  At the Fed, we are always focused on the dual-mandate goals given to us by Congress: maximum employment and stable prices.  The labor market is at or near maximum employment.
Trump wants to bring tech manufacturing to the US. There's little chance it will happen.
Trump's Treasury secretary wants business owners to relax. That's hard to do when Trump's tariffs are pushing costs higher and profits lower and threatening a recession.
Nvidia stock sank after a surprise disclosure it would take a hit north of $5 billion following new chip export restrictions.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.