Title: Treasuries Rally as Fed’s Powell Focuses on Price Stability
Date: 2025-04-16 20:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/treasuries-rally-fed-powell-focuses-200030165.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- US Treasuries rallied for a third day as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank will aim to prevent tariffs from leading to stickier inflation.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
DOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on Leave
The five-year note led gains in the US government debt market on Wednesday, with yields down seven basis points to 3.9% as Powell said the central bank was “well positioned to wait for more clarity” on how President Donald Trump’s evolving trade policy impacts price pressures. The moves in yields accelerated as equities slumped more than 2%.
The “bond market is comforted by Powell’s sanguine outlook on funding conditions and reserve abundance, but the equity market is getting anxious as investors are looking for the Powell put — which is not there yet,” said Tracy Chen, a portfolio manager at Brandywine Global Investment Management. “There is no sense of urgency to act from Powell. He is in a wait-and-see mode given all the uncertainty in tariff standoff.”
The rally in bonds also followed a solid $13 billion sale of 20-year bonds, which was awarded at 4.81% compared with a 4.814% when-issued yield at the 1 p.m. New York time bidding deadline.
Earlier, data showed US retail sales rose substantially in March on a jump in car purchases and other goods such as electronics, suggesting consumers were scrambling to get ahead of tariffs.
In sharp contrast with the state of market a week ago, when Trump’s about-face on tariffs shook investors, futures volumes on Wednesday were well below recent levels. By about 3 p.m. New York time, Treasury contracts were running at about 60% of 20-day average, with SOFR futures at a similar level.
To Gregory Faranello, head of US rates trading and strategy for AmeriVet Securities, the Treasury market is now trading more cleanly than it was earlier in the month as the risk of global tariffs raised threats to the economy, undermining Treasuries’ reputation as the world’s safest asset.
“Positions feel better balanced, so back to a risk-off” market, he said. Faranello favors five-year notes “if the Fed is going to be reactionary versus preemptive.”
Powell’s Message
Powell’s comments, delivered at the Economic Club of Chicago, were in sharp focus across Wall Street after a bout of volatility in the $29 trillion Treasury market.
The Fed chief acknowledged that tension was building between the central bank’s dual mandates of ensuring US growth while keeping inflation checked.
Still, he echoed Cleveland Fed President Beth Hammack, who’d pointed out that there’s good reason for officials to hold interest rates at current levels until there is more clarity on how tariffs and other policy changes will impact the economy.
Traders were pricing in about 90 basis points of easing by the end of the year, implying a minimum of three quarter-point reductions starting in July. At JPMorgan Chase & Co., economist Michael Feroli said that Powell’s comments were consistent with the bank’s view that the first cut of the year will actually come in September.
Powell said that despite recent volatility, the market was functioning, so there wasn’t a need for the Fed to step in now. The remark jolted US equity markets, and helped fuel a further advance in bonds.
The dollar, meanwhile, held tight to its losses — bringing its year-to-date decline to 6.4%, according to a Bloomberg gauge.
He also said the Fed’s recent decision to slow the pace of its balance-sheet runoff — known as quantitative tightening — and the fact that reserves remain abundant mean the central bank can continue QT longer.
--With assistance from James Hirai.
(Updates prices, adds comments throughout.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Reuters) -The ripple effects of Donald Trump's global trade war are increasingly being felt across numerous industries all at once and on Wednesday were once again exerting pressure on U.S. stock markets that have been roiled for weeks by his erratic trade policies.  Stocks fell broadly, with tech stocks hit particularly hard after bellwethers like Nvidia that are highly tied into the world's supply chain warned of hits to their bottom line.  Meanwhile, airlines said they are bracing for an uncertain summer travel season, and the head of the Federal Reserve noted slowing economic activity - but also cast a wary eye on the threat that tariffs pose to its goal of lowering inflation.
In a speech on Wednesday, Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell warned of higher prices, “continued volatility” in the markets, and the looming threat of stagflation.
Trump's Treasury secretary wants business owners to relax. That's hard to do when Trump's tariffs are pushing costs higher and profits lower and threatening a recession.
Apple stock fell more than 2% late Wednesday morning, once again putting its market capitalization below the $3 trillion mark after a brief rally.
U.S. pipeline and terminal operator Kinder Morgan left its annual profit forecast unchanged on Wednesday, as it continued to bank on demand increase for natural gas even as President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs sparked uncertainty across the energy industry.  While Kinder Morgan does not expect tariffs to have a significant impact on project economics, it said the uncertainty sparked by them, along with commodity prices, caused the company to be "a little bit more conservative" in communicating its annual outlook.  It expects to post an adjusted profit of $1.27 per share in 2025.
Chinese online marketplace Temu and fast-fashion retailer Shein, two of the biggest advertisers on U.S. social media, are sharply cutting their U.S. digital ad spending, industry data show, in a blow to tech companies such as Meta's Facebook and YouTube.  The online retailers, both of which ship low-priced China-made goods direct to U.S. shoppers, had been on an ad spree until recently, targeting younger, thriftier shoppers in digital media.  U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order earlier this month threatens this business.
TSMC, the main global producer of advanced chips used in artificial intelligence applications, is set to report a 57% leap in first-quarter profit on Thursday, though it is also likely to flag risks from U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policies.  Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co is expected to report a net profit of T$354.6 billion ($10.92 billion) for the three months ended March 31, according to a LSEG SmartEstimate drawn from 18 analysts.
Since his inauguration in January, U.S. President Donald Trump has announced - and sometimes reversed - tariffs on a slew of products and countries.  "Approximately 70% of our aluminum produced in Canada is destined for U.S. customers and is now subject to 25% tariff costs ... Currently the net annual result is approximately $100 million negative for our business," CEO William Oplinger said during a post-earnings conference call.  The aluminum producer said the tariffs on Canadian imports had cost the company roughly $20 million in the first quarter, ended March 31.
On Wednesday, Walmart (NYSE: WMT) stock was guilty by association in the eyes of the market, a dynamic reflected in a share price drop of nearly 3%.  A top investment bank published a downbeat research note on a major peer in the retail world, and the bearishness spread to Walmart's stock.  Overall, however, few investors were enthusiastic about any stocks, as Walmart's decline was only slightly steeper than the S&P 500's (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) 2.2% dip.
The March retail sales report comes as investors are closely watching for any signs of slowing in US economic growth before the implementation of President Trump's tariffs.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.