Title: 'Global diversification is back' as US exceptionalism fades
Date: 2025-04-12 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/global-diversification-back-us-exceptionalism-120005664.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Markets (^GSPC,^IXIC,^DJI) are shifting as investors look beyond the once-dominant "Magnificent Seven" and focus on international equities gaining traction.
Horizon Investments head of research and quantitative strategies Mike Dickson joins Market Domination to discuss why global diversification may be the new core strategy as capital moves away from US assets.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Dominationhere.
We're joined now by Mike Dixon, head of research and quantitative strategies for Horizon Investments. Mike, it is good to see you. I thought it was interesting, Mike, you say in your notes there that global diversification, Mike, that could be, you say, the new MAG7 trade. What do you mean by that, Mike? Walk us through it.
Yeah, what a week. This is this is the kind of week you just wish there was a three-day weekend involved on the other end, right? But uh, when when you look at the the what I mean by that is that the MAG7 trade is definitely being challenged. It's an area of the market where valuations were kind of priced to perfection. And here we are with just massive uncertainties and that increase in risk premium, you know, has definitely seen that segment of the market really suffer. And even before, uh, you know, just this this last week we saw extremely strong performance from international stocks to start the year. This is very consistent with what we saw in 2017 during Trump's first term. And it's just a reminder as well with the strength that we've seen, uh, you know, that global diversification, uh, you know, is back. And uh with a lot of areas of this kind of move away from the US exceptionalism trade, uh that's where international stocks, uh, you know, begin to look a lot more attractive. You've got a lot of different sector makeup, uh, a good bit lower valuations, uh and I think uh really poised to to be a place to to put capital when the top of the market in the US here is struggling and under stress.
And we've already been seeing that move to some extent, right? The move into international, the move into Europe in particular, Mike. It sounds like you think that that move has more legs. And does it come at the expense of capital moving into US equities?
Well, I think when you look at where capital has been moving, right? Just looking at international versus US stocks, looking at the moves in yields, looking at the moves in the US dollar, all of these really point to a coordinated move away from US assets. And I think that that is a trend that is likely to persist here in the short to medium term. And again, is a trend somewhat consistent with what we saw during the first term with President Trump. And that that is an area of the market that's been very ignored for for quite some time. And I think that along with, you know, even inside of the US, just the the rest of the market, right, the broadening out. We've seen that be very strong thus far to start the year. And I really think that broadening out trade both within the, you know, global international space as well as, you know, the more equal weight sectors here in the US is kind of kind of like the new core portfolio to think about as opposed to just the pure MAG7, which is what it was in '23 and '24.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.