Title: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent to America's biggest CEOs: Stop worrying
Date: 2025-04-16 12:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/treasury-secretary-scott-bessent-to-americas-biggest-ceos-stop-worrying-121627070.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
US Treasury Scott Bessent has a message to powerful public company CEOs: Stop worrying about tariffs, and get back to business.
"We're going to have a lot more clarity on the way forward [on tariffs] over the next 90 days," Bessent told Yahoo Finance in an interview on Tuesday (video above).
Bessent was responding to a question about CEOs voicing concerns about the Trump administration's trade policy. Some top leaders have expressed to me that the tariffs are putting their businesses into a state of chaos.
Bessent added, "They'll [CEOs] also have clarity on tax and on deregulation. I remember in 2017 I heard a lot of the same things because the tax deal wasn't done until right before Christmas in 2017. And it was the same thing. We can't plan. We can't do this. We need clarity. So, you know, we're going to have clarity on tax. We're going to have clarity on deregulation."
Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet
Corporate America has sounded the alarm on the state of the economy amid the tariff turmoil.
JPMorgan (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon said in a recent TV interview that a recession is likely. Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon told analysts on his earnings call on Monday that the prospect of a recession has increased.
Bessent's hedge fund mentor Stanley Druckenmiller has weighed in on X that he doesn't support tariffs above 10%.
"Well, the consumer is concerned about a number of things ... the pricing and costs of things, inflation," Constellation Brands (STZ) CEO Bill Newlands told me on Yahoo Finance's Catalysts. "They're concerned about immigration, particularly consumers that have had friends or family who have been involved with issues around immigration. How that's translating is that people are spending less. They're out less in restaurants. They're spending less on consumer goods and consumables."
The Corona and Modelo beer maker has seen beer sales go flat amid the economic uncertainty.
Bessent said about the recession concerns from Dimon and Solomon: "Look, that's their job is to be concerned. But again, I think that there is all this chatter on tariffs and what we're worried about. And, you know, I come from Wall Street, I think Wall Street can continue to do great, but we are focused on Main Street."
The concerns from CEOs have been well placed.
On April 9, the Trump administration announced a 90-day pause on all reciprocal tariffs, with the exception being China. The tariffs on China, one of the US's most important trading partners, now stand at 145%.
A 10% across-the-board tax is still being applied to all imports to the US.
The administration further refined its tariff plans on April 11.
The White House issued a rule that spared smartphones, computers, semiconductors, and other electronics from reciprocal tariffs — especially the harsher ones on Chinese goods. The US Customs and Border Patrol said that the goods would be excluded from Trump's 10% global tariff on most countries and the much more significant 145% tariffs on Chinese imports.
Bessent suggested a trade deal with China remains in the distance.
Trump quickly downplayed that he was reversing course on tariffs, noting electronics would still get hit.
"There was no Tariff ‘exception’," Trump said in a social media post on Sunday. "These products are subject to the existing 20% Fentanyl Tariffs, and they are just moving to a different Tariff 'bucket.'"
The administration is working on a semiconductor tariff, according to Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) has recovered to a decline of 4.67% beneath its level at the April 2 tariff announcement, but a decline is still a decline. The index is off by 12% from its mid-February peak.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
The Trump administration plans to eliminate the IRS' Direct File program, an electronic system for filing tax returns directly to the agency for free, according to two people familiar with the decision.  The program developed during Joe Biden's presidency was credited by users with making tax filing easy, fast and economical.  The program had been in limbo since the start of the Trump administration as Elon Musk and the Department of Government Efficiency have slashed their way through the federal government.
Mortgage applications for refinancing and purchases dropped last week after rates rose 20 basis points, reflecting market turbulence from President Trump's tariffs.
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Wednesday the central bank will 'wait for greater clarity' before considering any changes to interest rates as he expects President Trump’s tariffs to generate 'higher inflation and slower growth.'
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell suggested on Wednesday that hopes the central bank will step in to tamp down on market volatility are likely misplaced.  Asked if the Fed would intervene to counter sharp declines in the stock market, Powell said "I'm going to say no, with an explanation."  "What I think is going on in markets is markets are processing what's going on, markets are struggling with a lot of uncertainty and that means volatility," Powell said in an appearance in Chicago.
Nvidia stock sank after a surprise disclosure it would take a hit north of $5 billion following new chip export restrictions.
The Trump administration this week moved to restrict Nvidia's sale of artificial intelligence chips to China.  The House Select Committee, which focuses on national security threats from China, opened an investigation into Nvidia's sale of chips across Asia, the report said.  It is trying to assess whether the U.S. chipmaker knowingly provided DeepSeek with critical technology to develop AI, potentially in violation of U.S. rules, the NYT report added.
(Bloomberg) -- United Airlines Holdings Inc. reassured investors worried about wobbly demand with a vow to make money even during a recession.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe company plans to control costs and keep its planes full, dialing back flying plans as needed to keep profits coming in
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg hoped to avoid a high-stakes antitrust trial playing out this week in Washington, D.C., but he wasn't willing to pay what US antitrust cops wanted.
The March retail sales report comes as investors are closely watching for any signs of slowing in US economic growth before the implementation of President Trump's tariffs.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent sat down exclusively with Yahoo Finance as  economic uncertainty from Trump administration's tariffs continues to weigh on investors.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.