Title: AXPC, EQT, Halliburton, and Range Resources Welcome Interior Secretary Doug Burgum to Pennsylvania Site Showcasing American Energy Leadership and Innovation
Date: 2025-04-04 14:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/axpc-eqt-halliburton-range-resources-140200222.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
HOUSTON, April 04, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC), in partnership with EQT Corporation (EQT), Halliburton Company (Halliburton), and Range Resources, on Thursday hosted Department of the Interior Secretary and Chair of the National Energy Dominance Council Doug Burgum for a Marcellus shale field visit in Washington County, Pennsylvania.
Secretary Burgum visited a hydraulic fracturing site highlighting modern energy development and the vital role of Pennsylvania oil and gas in meeting America’s growing energy needs. The event emphasized the importance of smart energy policies that unleash American energy and featured Halliburton’s Zeus® intelligent electric fracturing platform at a Range Resources site, demonstrating how innovation is boosting domestic supply while lowering emissions and costs.
"AXPC is proud to bring together industry leaders and policymakers to see firsthand how American innovation is driving record energy production," said AXPC CEO Anne Bradbury. "With the right policies in place, we can continue to grow production, support good-paying jobs, and lower costs for families across the country — all while reducing emissions and enhancing our energy independence."
"EQT is proud to have joined energy leaders, local officials, our community, and employees in welcoming Secretary Burgum to Western Pennsylvania — home to one of the world’s richest natural gas reserves," said Toby Z. Rice, President and CEO of EQT. "The Administration’s decision to visit Appalachia within its first 100 days highlights its recognition of this region’s key role in securing America’s energy future. We look forward to further working with Secretary Burgum and the Interior Department to ensure a secure, reliable, and sustainable energy future for all Americans."
"Over the last 70 years, Halliburton developed and continues to evolve hydraulic fracturing, while proudly manufacturing our equipment in Duncan, Oklahoma," said Mark Richard, President, Western Hemisphere, Halliburton. "It’s through collaboration and our spirit of innovation that we have advanced fracturing operations to an intelligent, autonomous platform. The Zeus® platform increases efficiency, maximizes production and helps unleash energy across the United States and around the world."
"The blue-collar spirit is why Pennsylvanians have always rolled up their sleeves when the world needed them — and we’re ready to do it again to help the U.S. meet its energy needs," said Dennis Degner, CEO, Range Resources. "By leveraging American energy, we can drive American excellence and lead the way in powering innovation, strengthening national security, and advancing the next generation of manufacturing and technology."
The site visit and discussion highlighted the opportunity for American energy producers to meet growing demand at home and abroad as well as drive emissions reductions and support local communities. Achieving these goals depends on domestic energy policies that promote continued investment and production.
Full event remarkshere.
About AXPC
AXPC is the voice of the leading independent U.S. energy producers. We promote the inherent value of American-made oil and natural gas. We educate and advocate for responsible upstream development and constructive federal solutions with policymakers, industry partners, and the media. We actively support our members’ commitment to continuous improvement.
About EQT Corporation
EQT Corporation is a premier, vertically integrated American natural gas company with production and midstream operations focused in the Appalachian Basin. We are dedicated to responsibly developing our world-class asset base and being the operator of choice for our stakeholders. By leveraging a culture that prioritizes operational efficiency, technology and sustainability, we seek to continuously improve the way we produce environmentally responsible, reliable and low-cost energy. We have a longstanding commitment to the safety of our employees, contractors, and communities, and to the reduction of our overall environmental footprint. Our values are evident in the way we operate and in how we interact each day – trust, teamwork, heart, and evolution are at the center of all we do.
About Halliburton Company
Halliburton is one of the world’s leading providers of products and services to the energy industry. Founded in 1919, we create innovative technologies, products, and services that help our customers maximize their value throughout the life cycle of an asset and advance a sustainable energy future. Visit us athalliburton.com; connect with us onLinkedIn,YouTube,InstagramandFacebook.
About Range Resources
Range Resources Corporation (NYSE: RRC) is a leading U.S. independent natural gas and NGL producer with operations focused in the Appalachian Basin. The Company is headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas. More information about Range can be found atwww.rangeresources.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250404775593/en/
Contacts
Media ContactsHanna BogorowskiAXPC267-229-7496Hbogorowski@axpc.org
Amy RogersEQT Corporation410-703-6968Amy.rogers@eqt.com
Milka HorstHalliburton281-318-9676pr@halliburton.com
Mark WindleRange Resources724-579-9030Mwindle@rangeresources.com
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.