Title: Is Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) Among the Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds?
Date: 2025-04-09 20:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/halliburton-company-nyse-hal-among-202432650.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of10 Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) stands against other best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds.
Geothermal stocks are companies that use heat from the earth to generate electricity, heating, and cooling. This comprises companies in geothermal energy production, exploration, and technology development.
The geothermal market is growing rapidly. On April 2, 2025, Dandelion Energy, a prominent private company specializing in home geothermal heating and cooling, announced a partnership with one of the nation’s largest homebuilders to integrate geothermal systems into over 1,500 new homes in Colorado over the following two years. The program’s goal, which is among the biggest residential geothermal deployments in American history, is to standardize geothermal heating and cooling in new construction. When compared to air-source heat pumps, homeowners may anticipate saving almost $30 million over the next 20 years due to lower energy expenditures and better efficiency. According to a recent Department of Energy report, the widespread use of geothermal heat pumps could reduce the need for 24,500 miles of additional grid transmission lines, which is comparable to crossing the United States eight times. Overall, the collaboration highlights a growing trend toward sustainable homebuilding and lower carbon footprints in residential buildings.
Governor of Colorado Jared Polis stated:
“Geothermal energy – the heat beneath our feet – is a clean energy option that will help save Coloradans money and protect our state for future generations. I’m very excited that Dandelion is building on Colorado’s leadership on geothermal by connecting more than 1,500 Colorado homes to low-cost heating and cooling. It’s good for Coloradans, for our air quality, and our economy,”
As we look forward, according to the International Energy Agency’s report, geothermal energy, which now meets less than 1% of worldwide demand, is anticipated to supply up to 15% of global power by 2050, with an anticipated capacity of 800 GW and approximately 6,000 TWh per year. Advancements in drilling technology, comprising hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling, might unlock geothermal resources at depths greater than 3 km, hence extending the global potential. In 2023, more than 75% of global geothermal capacity was utilized, greatly outperforming wind (30%) and solar (15%) in terms of capacity factor. Investment in geothermal energy could surpass $1 trillion by 2035 due to decreased costs and oil and gas sector expertise. Government support may reduce prices by 80% by 2035, putting geothermal on equal ground with solar and wind. There are still major obstacles to overcome, such as the lack of qualified workers, environmental effects, and delays in obtaining permits. The success of geothermal energy depends on governments streamlining procedures, offering incentives, and encouraging research to fulfill the world’s expanding demand for electricity.
As per Deloitte’s report, rapidly maturing Enhanced geothermal systems (EGS) capable of providing 24/7 baseload electricity by accessing deep heat reservoirs are benefiting from federal funding and cross-sector investment in technological advances such as new drilling techniques and extreme heat operations, as well as bipartisan support to accelerate projects. Technology companies are collaborating with developers to produce geothermal electricity, as well as with utilities to facilitate EGS deployments by offering a clean transition tariff to cover the costs and risks of implementing a new technology. Meanwhile, a utility inked the largest geothermal power purchase agreement, reaching 320 MW, to meet a public utility commission’s need to obtain carbon-free power 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
We sifted through online rankings to form an initial list of 10 Geothermal stocks. From the resultant dataset, we chose the top 9 stocks most favored by hedge funds, using Insider Monkey’s database of 1,009 hedge funds in Q4 2024 to gauge hedge fund sentiment for stocks. We have also included a pure-play private geothermal company and ranked it 10th on our list.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Investors: 49
Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) is the largest oilfield service company in North America, based on market share, and one of theBest Geothermal Stocks. Despite industry fragmentation, it has a dominant position in the hydraulic fracturing and completions business, accounting for over half of its revenue. It also has significant positions in other service offerings, such as drilling and completion fluids, which benefit from its expertise in material science and the directional drilling industry.
Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) also offers fully integrated geothermal solutions, including products, technology, and services. The company operates all sorts of geothermal systems by providing solutions for underground analysis, well construction and completion, and energy production management. The firm introduced GeoESP lifting pumps in 2024, strengthening fluid transport in geothermal wells with low power consumption and strong temperature resistance. It also provides liner hanger systems that can withstand temperatures of up to 650°F (343°C), as well as expandable, mechanical, and drop-off solutions for optimal stability and efficiency. These technologies improve operations and reduce costs in geothermal development.
In 2024, Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) reported $3.9 billion in cash from operations and $2.6 billion in free cash flow, with shareholders receiving 60% of free cash flow through $1 billion in stock repurchases and $600 million in dividends. The business anticipates growth in drilling technology, unconventionals, well intervention, and artificial lift, resulting in an additional $2.5 billion to $3 billion in yearly revenue over the next three to five years.
Overall, HALranks 6thon our list of best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the potential of ethanol companies, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than HAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.