Is NIKE Inc. (NKE) the Best Kid-Friendly Stock to Buy According to Billionaires_
2025-04-14 13:47
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-inc-nke-best-kid-134706418.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsUnlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires.The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York indicates a pattern in which stock markets reacted negatively to President Trump’s tariff announcements against China in 2018 and 2019. Current market behaviour in 2025 suggests a similar, potentially more widespread, response to new trade policies. Markets have been underperforming for the first quarter of 2025, considering that the wider market fell by over 10% and the tech-heavy NASDAQ plummeted by more than 15%. The Cboe Volatility Index (aka VIX) is currently at 52.33%, compared to 17.93% at the start of the year.The year 2025 began with the revelation of DeepSeek, an AI program developed in China, which rivalled AI technology in the US Tech sector. DeepSeek requires lesser processing power, which means lower costs and improved results for users. The market immediately saw investors take on a bullish outlook, short-selling stocks before any further impact on their portfolios.In the second month of 2025, the US government’s first round of Tariffs was aimed directly at China in an effort to curb the impact of DeepSeek on the United States’ tech industry. In March, President Trump announced a rate of 54% tariff on Chinese goods, while China retaliated with 34% tariffs on US goods and services.DW (Deutsche Welle) reported that President Trump approved 20% tariffs on European goods & services in the latest round of “Trump Tariffs”. Foreign investors, specifically from European countries, were quick to divest their portfolios. The US economy is considered to be entering “continuous stagflation”, which is defined as continued inflation with very low growth and high unemployment.This scenario has prompted investors to reconsider their future investment strategies. Several reports point out a growing trend among parents who are actively setting aside funds to safeguard their children’s financial future. Survey results of 2000 UK investors over 18 years of age, published by the international adviser, stated that 44% of parents were stressed about making the right investment decisions regarding their children. 35% worry that they have not saved sufficiently to ensure their children’s financial future. In an interview with CNBC, Stacy Francis, the President & CEO of Francis Financials in New York, spoke on how parents can educate their children on investing:“Make sure that money can be talked about, that there’s no taboos…so that your children are learning those really good financial literacy skills that they need to set themselves up for success for the rest of their life.”Investing in the markets for your children’s future has the advantage of time. In a report by MorningStar, investments in stocks have the added benefit of compounding return, which means the earlier you start, the more time your investments have to grow exponentially. CNBC reported on billionaire investor Mark Cuban and how he made billions from his first few million with a long-term view on his investments.To compile this list, we thoroughly reviewed reputable sources and gathered the stocks they collectively favored. These stocks have a long-standing history of performance, with strong balance sheets and sound financials. Then, we used Insider Monkey’s proprietary database of billionaire stock holdings to arrive at our list of 10 best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires as of Q4 2024. For the stocks with the same number of billionaire holdings, we have used the total value of billionaire holdings as a secondary metric to rank the stocks. Billionaires are founders or managers of some of the world’s leading hedge funds and companies.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).A team of trainers and athletes displaying a wide range of athletic and casual footwear.No. of Billionaires: 14Value of total Investment by Billionaires: $3.095 billionNIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE) is a global leader in the athletic goods industry. The company designs, develops, markets, and sells a wide range of athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories, and services worldwide under prominent brands such as NIKE, Jumpman, Converse, and Chuck Taylor. These brands are considered household names for both children & parents/ adults alike.In the Q3 2025 earnings report, NIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE) revenue was $11.27 billion, down 9.33% YoY, although beating analyst estimates by $231.5 million. EPS was $0.54, also beating estimates by $0.25. The company attributes the decline in sales to rising inflation, high tariffs but remains a market leader in high-quality athletic goods. It is among the best kid-friendly stocks to invest in.Recent declines in international markets such as the Middle East, Europe, and Asia (including China & Vietnam) were the result of reduced buying by price-conscious consumers. As per the United States International Trade Commission (USITC), China is the largest importer of shoes from the United States at 37%, while Vietnam is responsible for 29.8%. China was hit with the aforementioned 34% trade tariffs, while Vietnam was hit even harder with 46%. This is likely to further impact NIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE)’s overall revenue figure. Experts consider these conditions as an optimal time to invest in the stock to take advantage of the lower price.Overall, NKEranks 6thon our list of best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential of NKE, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NKE  but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.As uncertainty ripples through retailers - specialty stores could face a major crunch. Sneaker heads have been flocking to StockX for nearly a decade to get their hands on the latest releases. Now the online marketplace is facing risks of a slowdown as consumers tighten their wallets. Greg Schwartz, StockX President & CEO joined "Bloomberg Open interest" in the C-Suite to talk retails growth opportunity.The streaming service has shared financial performance targets with staff that underscore its dominance.United Airlines earnings are due late Tuesday after S&P 500 peer Delta Air Lines last week signaled the sky is "stalling," not falling.We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data […]We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by […]We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially […]US stocks gain after Trump floats auto tariff exemption. He already exempted smartphones and other electronics for now. Dow ends 300 points higher.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettRetiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.