Title: Stocks pummeled as Nasdaq sinks 4%, Dow drops 1,000 points as new China tariffs loom over markets
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 20-21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-pummeled-as-nasdaq-sinks-4-dow-drops-1000-points-as-new-china-tariffs-loom-over-markets-202110047.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Stocks fell sharply on Thursday as tariff headlines again weighed on markets just a day after the US stock market enjoyed one of its best days on record.
The S&P 500 (GSPC) dropped almost 3.5%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) tumbled 4.3%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) fell 1,014 points, or 2.5%. The 10-year Treasury yield (^TNX), in high focus amid bond market whiplash and its role in Trump's decision to reverse sweeping reciprocal tariffs, ended the day flat around 4.39%.
On Thursday, the White House confirmed total tariffs on China will now be 145% when accounting for the previous 20% duties already in place. The news surprised some investors, as President Trump had posted on Truth Social on Wednesday that the tariff rate charged to China would be 125%.
Stocks quickly hit session lows following these headlines.
"The consistent move lower today is showing a large shadow of uncertainty remains," New York Stock Exchange market strategist Eric Criscuolo wrote in a mid-day trading update on Thursday afternoon.
Volatility in afternoon trade offered occasional signs of a recovery. But markets closing off session lows is cold comfort for a market that continues to be whipsawed — and pressured — by relentless tariff headlines.
After a wild market party on Wednesday that saw the S&P 500 enjoy its largest one-day pop since 2008, stocks woke up a little groggy on Thursday.
Futures tied to the major indexes were lower by 1% headed into the release of the March Consumer Price Index (CPI) at 8:30 a.m.
That report showed "core" prices, which exclude the volatile food and energy categories, increased 2.8% in March, their lowest annual increase in four years. The print came in significantly lower than Wall Street's forecast for a 3% increase. Since the Federal Reserve's fight against inflation began, a better-than-expected inflation reading has typically led to a rally in stocks.
Not in this market.
Stocks started selling off at the open with losses only extending as the White House's confirmation that the US tariffs on China are now at 145%.
In individual stocks, Wednesday's biggest winners became some of Thursday's biggest losers. Tesla (TSLA), which rallied over 20% on Wednesday, fell 7.3% Thursday. After soaring 18% the day prior, Nvidia (NVDA) fell 5.9% on Thursday.
"Financial markets are being whipsawed and that's due to public policy being chaotic," Roth Capital Partners chief economist and macro strategist Michael Darda told Yahoo Finance.
The latest tariff headlines highlighted two realities about the current market moment.
For one, the overall tariff rate is still at its highest level in more than a century. The Yale Budget Lab now estimates the US effective tariff rate is 27%. After Trump's "Liberation Day" tariff announcements, the Yale Budget Lab had estimated the effective US tariff rate was 22.5%.
The announcement also reminded investors that Wednesday's celebration was over a "delay" of tariffs.
Exactly what happens over the next 90 days remains to be seen, but tariffs disappearing from the discussion appears unlikely.
As Brent Schutte, Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company's chief investment officer, told Yahoo Finance on Thursday, "There's more uncertainty as we negotiate and figure out what actually happens towards the end of the next 90 days."
Josh Schafer is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on X @_joshschafer.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
The world's second-largest economy is now top of mind for President Trump as the White House confirmed the total tariff on China is actually 145%, higher than the 125% rate previously reported.
Fresh news on tariffs to China revived the stock market sell-off on Thursday less than 24 hours after the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Stocks sank and demand for 'safe-haven' assets exploded - gold leaped 3% to a new high and the Swiss franc had one of its best days ever.  Maybe U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff truce on Wednesday wasn't as conciliatory as it first seemed.  Global investors hunker down for volatility even astariff pause is welcomed  3.
(Bloomberg) -- Investors in the $29 trillion Treasury market got a welcome dose of stability after an auction of 30-year bonds was met with strong demand.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionLonger-dated Treasuries pared their earl
The unusual surge in long-term Treasury yields has rattled investors in the aftermath of President Trump's tariff-fueled "Liberation Day."
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
