Title: Runway AI Secures $300M From Nvidia And Fidelity To Revolutionize Film With Gen-4 Model And Studio D
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 15-46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/runway-ai-secures-300m-nvidia-154639843.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Runway AI, a generative video startup based in New York, has just secured more than $300 million in funding. General Atlantic led the round with support from key-name backers such as Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA), Fidelity Management & Research Company, Baillie Gifford, and SoftBank Vision Fund 2, according to Seeking Alpha.
This new funding raises Runway’s valuation to $3 billion, Bloomberg reported.
The investment showcases strong investor confidence in AI-generated media as a promising frontier for innovation. Runway plans to use the new funding to boost research and expand its reach across the media and entertainment industries. The company is also growing its team of researchers and engineers to accelerate the development pipeline.
Don't Miss:
Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing — this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share.
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
Runway AI recently released Gen-4, its most advanced media generation model to date. Gen-4 delivers precise and consistent visual outputs across characters, locations, and objects in multi-scene compositions, and is meant to enable professional-level storytelling and production at scale.
The company also announced the expansion of Runway Studios, which focuses on creating original film and animation projects using the startup’s proprietary foundation models. Runway Studios is a key player in proving its AI models in action, in real-world, commercial settings.
According to Bloomberg, Runway AI's tools have already been used in a number of high-profile projects, including in scenes for Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN)​ upcoming House of David series, visuals for a Madonna world tour, and branded content for Puma. Runway's AI involvement in these productions shows the increasing need for scalable media solutions to deliver quality and efficiency.
Trending: Invest in the Future of Digital Engagement. Own a Piece of the $100 Billion Metaverse Today for Just $500.
Runway AI has also signed an agreement with Lionsgate to train AI models using the studio's content. These models can then be used for future movie productions.  CEO and co-founder Cristóbal Valenzuela told Bloomberg that the company is developing more partnerships with studios focused on exploring the possibilities of AI-generated content, but he didn't disclose names.
Valenzuela reiterated the company's commitment to collaborating with creative professionals to push the boundaries of modern storytelling with the Gen-4 model and the ongoing studio collaborations at the heart of that, Bloomberg reported.
Runway AI's investor base includes a mix of new and existing backers who see generative video as a high-growth sector. Nvidia's involvement reflects its continued push into physical AI and its broader ambitions beyond generative text and image tools. Fidelity and Baillie Gifford, both known for placing long-term bets on innovative companies, have also made clear that they believe in Runway's ability to lead the AI media generation space.
See Also: With Shares Starting at Just $1.52, This Could be Your Chance to Invest in the Future of Healthcare.
SoftBank Vision Fund 2, managed under SoftBank Group, has been increasingly focused on supporting companies creating foundational models and production tools within AI. General Atlantic's role in this round underscores the growing interest in digital transformation via AI.
Runway AI's momentum positions it in a select group of startups transforming the way media is created, produced, and distributed. With its $3 billion valuation and backing from the biggest names in tech and finance, the company is poised to shape the future of the creative industries.
The focus remains on advancing AI research while delivering tools that help creators meet the rising demand for high-quality content at scale.
Read Next:
Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm — invest pre-IPO from $0.55 per share now.
Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets – with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share!
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK. Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
AMAZON.COM (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report
NVIDIA (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article Runway AI Secures $300M From Nvidia And Fidelity To Revolutionize Film With Gen-4 Model And Studio Deals Raising Its Valuation To $3B originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Tesla (TSLA) stock took another dive on Thursday as analysts chopped price targets for the electric-vehicle maker, citing the Trump administration’s impending 25% tariffs on auto parts and weakening demand in Europe and China.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump said he is looking to allow undocumented farm and hospitality industry workers to leave the US for a short period of time and reenter the country legally, a bid to address concerns about labor shortages from his crackdown on undocumented migration.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson R
Both V and PYPL beat earnings estimates in each of the past four quarters, but which digital payments giant offers stronger growth and global dominance right now?
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
It might not be as much as you think.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
