Title: The Best Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy With $1,000 Right Now
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 11-38
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/08/the-best-warren-buffett-stocks-to-buy-with-1000-ri/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=874c6629-2790-40ff-9078-6f66a3f74b72&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Due to his success -- both personally and through his company, Berkshire Hathaway -- Warren Buffett draws a lot of attention when he speaks and makes investing moves. With Buffett's net worth of over $150 billion and Berkshire Hathaway's market cap of over $1 trillion (as of April 7), it's easy to see why.
People often look to Berkshire Hathaway's stock portfolio to get inspiration for investments they may want to consider, especially during turbulent market times like we're witnessing now. Buffett is known for investing in high-quality businesses, which tend to hold up better during economic down periods.
If you have $1,000 available to invest right now (meaning you have an emergency fund saved), the following two stocks are great options. One is a Buffett staple that he's owned for decades, and the other is a growth stock that has been beaten down since the announcement of President Trump's new tariff plans.
Coca-Cola (KO 1.30%) has been one of Berkshire Hathaway's longest holdings and is currently 9.5% of its stock portfolio. Coca-Cola has two things that Buffett loves: an attractive dividend and an economic/brand moat that can't be replicated by its competitors.
Let's start with the dividend because that's why most investors are attracted to Coca-Cola's stock. Its quarterly dividend is $0.51, with an average yield of around 2.9% in the past 12 months. That's more than double the S&P 500 average over that same time.
More impressive than its current dividend is Coca-Cola increasing its annual dividend for 63 consecutive years, earning it the title of a Dividend King. Its annual dividend has doubled in the past 13 years, outpacing many other Dividend Kings.

KO Dividend data by YCharts
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025
If you're looking for a business that can survive virtually any economic condition thrown its way, Coca-Cola is it. Its products sell regardless of the economy, and it has pricing power, making it one of the more recession-resistant companies you can find.
That doesn't mean Coca-Cola won't hit slumps or that its stock won't sometimes underperform, but it's an investment you can bet on returning value over the long term.
One thing that separates Coca-Cola from its competitors is its vast distribution network. Coca-Cola products are sold in over 200 countries, and its focus on just beverages (unlike PepsiCo, which also sells snacks and other foods) allows it to operate more efficiently. That's partly why PepsiCo's revenue is more than double that of Coca-Cola's, but Coca-Cola's net income far exceeds that of PepsiCo.

KO Revenue (Quarterly) data by YCharts
Buffett once said of Berkshire Hathaway, "Our favorite holding period is forever," and Coca-Cola is a stock I'd feel comfortable holding onto for the long haul.
Amazon's (AMZN -5.35%) stock hasn't fared well so far in 2025, losing around a quarter of its value as of April 7. The stock was already lagging, but President Trump's new tariff plan added insult to injury and sent the stock further down.
With the new tariff plan increasing tariffs on imports from China, it's understandable that investors are worried about how that will affect Amazon's business, with many of its third-party sellers getting their products from there.
This will likely lead to higher prices as sellers face higher costs. However, this shouldn't be a long-term issue that warrants investors giving up on the stock. E-commerce is Amazon's main revenue driver, but its growth driver and profit machine is its cloud platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS).
The tariffs are a concern for Amazon's e-commerce business, but AWS won't be as affected, considering that it delivers a digital service and doesn't deal with physical products. Amazon could face higher costs with products it needs for its data centers that are important to AWS, but ideally, it's small enough that Amazon eats the extra costs instead of passing the buck on to its customers.
Amazon has proved it's a great long-term option, even when it experiences sharp short-term drops. This isn't the first time its stock has plunged like this, and if you're invested in it long enough, it probably won't be the last.

AMZN data by YCharts. The grey area indicates a recession period.
When the dust settles from the current period, Amazon's stock will likely look like a bargain.



Before you buy stock in Coca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Coca-Cola wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


John Mackey, former CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Stefon Walters has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Amazon and Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/10/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
