Title: The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights Walmart, Coca-Cola, HSBC and Friedman Industries
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 10-59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-analyst-blog-highlights-walmart-105900588.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Chicago, IL – April 9, 2025 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include: Walmart Inc. WMT, The Coca-Cola Co. KO, HSBC Holdings plc HSBC and  Friedman Industries Inc. Common Stock FRD.
The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Walmart Inc., The Coca-Cola Co. and HSBC Holdings plc, as well a micro-cap stock Friedman Industries Inc. Common Stock. The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.
These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.
You can see all of today’s research reports here >>>
The daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens and attempts to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.
You can read today's AWS here >>> Pre-Markets Rocket Up on Overseas Optimism
Walmart’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Retail - Supermarkets industry over the past year (+41.8% vs. +40.1%). The company benefits from its diverse business model that spans multiple segments, channels and formats. The company's strong omnichannel strategy has boosted traffic across physical stores and digital platforms.
Walmart's emphasis on improving delivery services has been successful, contributing to steady grocery market share gains. Upsides like these, along with growth in the advertising business, fueled fourth-quarter fiscal 2025 results, wherein the top and bottom lines increased year over year, and e-commerce sales surged.
However, Walmart’s profitability is being impacted by rising selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, thanks to tech investments, higher wages and marketing. Also, volatile currency fluctuations are expected to further pressure sales in the upcoming fiscal year.
(You can read the full research report on Walmart here >>>)
Shares of Coca-Cola have outperformed the Zacks Beverages - Soft drinks industry over the past year (+17.9% vs. +1.3%). The company has experienced positive business trends, as evident by its strong track record of beating expectations. In fourth-quarter 2024, the company exceeded sales and earnings estimates for the eighth consecutive quarter, with earnings showing year-over-year improvement.
Results benefited from continued business momentum, aided by higher pricing across markets facing intense inflation and favorable mix. Coca-Cola's all-weather strategy -- combining marketing, innovation, and revenue growth management -- supports its vision of a total beverage company and is expected to drive revenue growth in 2025.
Coca-Cola has provided an optimistic view for 2025. However, Coca-Cola faces inflationary cost pressures due to higher commodity and material costs, as well as increased marketing investments.
(You can read the full research report on Coca-Cola here >>>)
HSBC’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Banks - Foreign industry over the past year (+28.5% vs. +8.3%). The company’s strong capital position, relatively high interest rates, global network and business simplification initiatives will keep supporting the company’s financials. As part of its Asia pivot strategy, it is moving away from less profitable markets and has announced the sale of businesses in Germany and South Africa.
HSBC has exited retail operations in the U.S., Canada, France, New Zealand, Greece, Russia, Argentina and Armenia. While efforts to strengthen its market share in Asia will support financials, they will likely lead to an increase in expenses.
For 2025, the company expects operating expenses to increase 3%. Additionally, the company’s subdued revenue performance -- in light of weaker loan demand amid a challenging macroeconomic backdrop -- is a concern.
(You can read the full research report on HSBC here >>>)
Shares of Friedman Industries have underperformed the Zacks Metal Products - Procurement and Fabrication industry over the past year (-24.6% vs. -1.4%). This microcap company with a market capitalization of $97.38 million has seen fiscal third-quarter sales decline 18.9% year over year. The tubular segment remains weak and high inventory levels pose risks amid steel price volatility.
Rising costs and debt burdens could pressure profitability despite hedging strategies and operational efficiencies. Nevertheless, Friedman Industries' sales backlog grew 11% year over year in third-quarter fiscal 2025, signaling stronger demand and potential revenue recovery.
Post-election stability has driven increased order activity, with fiscal fourth-quarter sales and margin expansion expected as hot-rolled coil (HRC) prices rebound. Debt fell 9% to $32.5 million, with $99.2 million in available credit supporting operations. Industry tailwinds include a projected increase in HRC prices and rising infrastructure and manufacturing investments.
(You can read the full research report on Friedman Industries here >>>)
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
See Stocks Free >>
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
support@zacks.com
https://www.zacks.com
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Walmart Inc. (WMT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Friedman Industries Inc. (FRD): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Honeywell International (HON) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.
Costco (COST) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
March was another strong month for  Costco  Wholesale, suggesting consumer demand for bulk buying wasn’t dampened by macroeconomic uncertainty.  Costco’s March sales increased by 8.6% year over year to $25.5 billion, slightly decelerating from February’s 8.8% increase but still pointing to strong sales trends for the month.  Fresh foods were a top category last month, with sales up by low double digits, said Josh Dahmen, assistant vice president of financial planning and investor relations.
Costco’s CEO Ron Vachris sat down with The Wall Street Journal to discuss how its $86 billion Kirkland Signature brand runs and why it allows Costco leverage over many big brands.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Talked About These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (NYSE:LYB) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, expressed concern over President Donald Trump’s focus on the […]
Popular Ramsey Solutions money expert George Kamel has been braced for tax season since post-election. While Kamel filmed his YouTube video on potential major tax changes last year, he admitted some...
We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher Asset Management. […]
Coca-Cola (NYSE: KO) is one of the best-known consumer staples companies on the planet and has an incredible dividend track record.  At a time of elevated market volatility, owning a stock like Coca-Cola can help investors sleep well at night.  Coca-Cola, with its namesake soda and a host of other beverage products, has a global reach and loyal customers.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
