Title: Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights_ Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, Berkshire Hathaway and Blackrock
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 08-42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-investment-ideas-feature-highlights-084200337.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Chicago, IL – April 8, 2025 – Today, Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights Coca-Cola KO, PepsiCo PEP, Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B) and Blackrock BLK.
The consumer staples sector typically draws interest during economic downturns as consumers buy these products regardless of economic conditions. Seeing as beverages are one of the most essential consumer items, Coca-Cola stock is historically known to be a pleasant hedge against market volatility when economic uncertainty arises.
This scenario is playing out with President Trump’s “Liberation Tariffs” rocking markets over the last few trading sessions. Amid the mayhem, Coca-Cola's stock hit a 52-week peak of $73 a share last Thursday and is sitting on +9% gains this year compared to the S&P 500’s 14% decline and rival PepsiCo’s 6% drop.
Thanks to its global presence as one of the most recognized brands in the world, Coca-Cola’s stock has remained a primary holding of many mutual, pension, and hedge funds. Limiting panic selling that may arise from retail investors, 70% of Coca-Cola shares are owned by institutional shareholders including Berkshire Hathaway, Blackrock and Vanguard Group.
What also helps Coca-Cola navigate more sensitive economic fluctuations is the company’s core focus on its flagship soda and other drink products as opposed to Pepsi, which has a diversified portfolio of snack products that can see demand wayward.
While Coca-Cola and Pepsi both share the prestigious Dividend King title, it’s noteworthy that Coca-Cola still has the reliability edge. Having a current annual dividend yield of 2.92%, Coca-Cola has increased its dividend for 64 consecutive years while Pepsi has done so for 53 consecutive years.
Coca-Cola is expected to post 2% sales growth in fiscal 2025 with its top line projected to expand another 5% in FY26 to $50.49 billion. Furthermore, annual earnings are slated to increase by 3% this year and are projected to spike another 8% in FY26 to $3.20 per share.
Following its most recent rally, Coca-Cola stock trades at a 23.6X forward earnings multiple which is slightly above its Zacks Beverages-Soft drinks Industry average of 19.1X and Pepsi’s 17.7X. However, KO does trade beneath its decade-long high of 28.5X forward earnings and is on par with the median of 23.4X during this period.
For now, Coca-Cola stock lands a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Despite trading at a premium to its peers in terms of P/E valuation, Coca-Cola stock has lived up to the notoriety of being a reliable defensive hedge against economic uncertainty. After recently hitting 52-week peaks there could be better buying opportunities but holding KO shares may be ideal as markets adjust to the implementation of an ongoing trade war.
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
See Stocks Free >>
Media Contact
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
support@zacks.com
https://www.zacks.com
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
BlackRock (BLK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.B) : Free Stock Analysis Report
PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Gary Locke, Former Ambassador to China, discusses what may happen to the trading relationship between China & the US if the Trump Administration decides to impose a 104% tariff on China Wednesday. Locke goes into detail on how this 104% tariff will affect the prices of goods Americans buy, and make American made goods less appealing to Chinese consumers. He also talks about whether President Trump's reciprocal tariffs will make US trading partners more likely to trade with China rather than the US. Gary Locke speaks with Kailey Leinz and Joe Mathieu on the late edition of Bloomberg's "Balance of Power."
Walmart, Coca-Cola, HSBC and Friedman Industries are included in this Analyst Blog.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Early retirement is different. Every retirement plan is based on a combination of goals, risks and personal budget. You want to build a portfolio for security, so you never need to worry about money again, while also generating the returns that you need to maintain your lifestyle. Often, this means restructuring your portfolio in retirement […] The post I’m 54 and Retiring Soon. How Should I Structure My $1.6 Million Portfolio? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
