Morgan Stanley to Offer Crypto Trading to E_Trade Customers
2025-05-01 13-39
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/morgan-stanley-plans-offer-crypto-101533734.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Morgan Stanley is working on a plan to add cryptocurrency trading to its E*Trade platform, in what would be the most significant move by a major US bank to help everyday customers buy into the asset class since the Trump administration began removing regulatory barriers.
Most Read from Bloomberg
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
The project is nascent and executives envision launching the service sometime next year, according to people familiar with the matter. The firm is considering partnering with one or multiple established crypto firms as it sets up the mechanics for the brokerage’s clients to buy and sell popular tokens including Bitcoin and Ether.
Rival Charles Schwab Corp. said Thursday that it aims to proceed as early as this year with a previously disclosed plan for crypto trading.
The moves come amid a dramatic shift in US policy toward virtual assets. During his campaign, President Donald Trump hawked his own digital collectibles and soaked up campaign donations from crypto enthusiasts while vowing to make the US the “crypto capital of the planet.” His victory in November prompted the biggest banks to start rethinking their years-long posture of largely avoiding the notoriously volatile sector.
Inside Morgan Stanley, discussions on how to expand in cryptocurrencies began gaining momentum late last year, the people said. E*Trade already offered access to crypto exchange-traded funds, ETF options and futures. And in January, after the Information reported the unit was exploring whether to offer crypto trading, Chief Executive Officer Ted Pick said Morgan Stanley aimed to talk with regulators about ways to do more with the asset class safely.
Ultimately, executives decided spot trading on E*Trade would be the ideal next step, the people said. A company spokesperson declined to comment.
The moves by Morgan Stanley and Schwab could boost competition for crypto incumbents including Robinhood Markets Inc. and Coinbase Inc., depending in part on how Morgan Stanley’s partnerships take shape.
Not ‘a Fad’
Big US banks have mainly stayed on the sidelines as crypto has ebbed and flowed in popularity over the past decade. Proposals to help customers buy tokens quickly raised thorny questions about how to guard assets that are known for being prone to hacks and scams. Watchdogs were even uneasy about letting banks accept cash deposits from high-flying crypto ventures.
The financial industry had its own prominent skeptics, most notably JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon. Over the years, he has called Bitcoin “worthless,” “a fraud” and a “pet rock.” Still, Dimon said last year that “I defend your right to do Bitcoin,” and his firm has embraced blockchain technology — with projects including JPM Coin — and engaged exchanges including Coinbase as clients.
Almost as soon as Trump took office, regulators started rolling back measures that discouraged banks from pushing into crypto. Days after his inauguration, the president issued an executive order aimed at promoting US “leadership in digital assets and financial technology while protecting economic liberty.” That same day, the Securities and Exchange Commission repealed accounting guidance that crypto firms had blamed for thwarting their ambitions to work with banks.
Last week, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. withdrew 2023 guidance to banks on risks tied to the sector. The Bank Policy Institute, an influential trade group representing the biggest US banks, applauded the move.
“It empowers regulated financial institutions to better serve their customers safely and invest in innovative new products and services,” Paige Pidano Paridon, its co-head of regulatory affairs, said in a statement after the announcement.
Morgan Stanley’s former chief executive officer, James Gorman, was ahead of many peers in expressing interest in crypto, saying in 2017 that Bitcoin was “more than just a fad.”
Bank of New York Mellon Corp. also stood out as something of an exception, pursuing plans to custody digital assets. Gary Gensler, who ran the SEC during the Joe Biden’s presidency, credited the firm with doing the “legwork,” and the agency granted BNY a “non-objection” to the plan last year, a regulatory term that gives comfort to the bank that its structure doesn’t fall afoul of the agency’s requirements.
For Morgan Stanley, offering crypto trading at E*Trade would ratchet up competition with the likes of Robinhood. That firm has let clients trade crypto for more than a half decade — a business that pulled in $626 million last year, or 21% of Robinhood’s total net revenue. And as Trump’s policy changes boosted trading, the company’s first-quarter profit more than doubled.
The landscape is poised to get a lot more crowded.
SoFi Technologies Inc. CEO Anthony Noto said this week that, given the changing regulatory environment, his firm will consider adding crypto investing back to its platform after exiting that business in 2023.
And on Thursday, Schwab CEO Rick Wurster updated investors on the timing of his firm’s plans. He had announced shortly after Trump’s election that the company would look to add spot crypto trading once regulations changed.
Ideally, Schwab will introduce crypto this year, and certainly within next 12 months, he said. Asked if the light from regulators is green or yellow, he responded: “I’d call it pretty green.”
--With assistance from Paige Smith.
(Updates with Schwab’s expected timing for rolling out crypto trading in the third and final paragraphs.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
The digital banking pioneer has now reported six straight quarters of positive earnings.  Is SoFi the smartest investment you can make today?  The financial services segment, which offers bank accounts, investment products, and credit cards, was the standout.
Robinhood reported $927 million in revenue in Q1, up 50% from the same period last year.
Howmet (HWM) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 11.69% and 0.47%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Sales and marketing expenses recently rose faster than total revenue.  Shares of SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ: SOFI) leaped higher when the market opened on Tuesday, April 29, and ended the day in positive territory.  In the first quarter of 2025, SoFi Technologies broke several records regarding its key performance indicators.
CEO Vlad Tenev said the company has become “more resilient” by targeting sophisticated retail investors.
The Wall Street veteran breaks out the fintech's latest earnings report.
(Bloomberg) -- There’s a course-correction underway among financial firms that went all out on ESG hiring just a few years back, according to recruiters advising banks and money managers.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowAt Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.