Oil Slump Accelerates on Signs OPEC+ Will Maintain Higher Output
2025-04-30 19-05
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-set-historic-april-selloff-045121940.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil settled below $60 a barrel for the first time in three weeks as signs emerged that the Saudi-led OPEC+ alliance may be entering a prolonged period of higher production.
Most Read from Bloomberg
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
West Texas Intermediate fell as much as 4.2% on Wednesday after Reuters reported that Saudi Arabian officials have been telling allies and industry experts that the kingdom can endure a sustained period of depressed prices. The most-active contract capped its biggest monthly decline since November 2021.
The report added to existing concerns that Saudi Arabia planned to steer OPEC+ to agree on another supply surge next week.
“This confirms the market’s fears that Saudi Arabia’s accelerated unwinds were not temporary, but a long-term strategy shift,” said Rebecca Babin, a senior energy trader at CIBC Private Wealth Group. It raises the question of whether “Saudi is going to repeat the 2020 playbook to dramatically increase production.”
OPEC+ rocked the crude market in early April, with a surprise decision to increase supply in May by 411,000 barrels a day, the equivalent of three monthly tranches from a previous plan. Morgan Stanley has said it expects a “meaningful surplus” to develop over time, while JPMorgan Chase & Co. warned the cartel may accelerate planned production increases at a meeting next week.
Beyond OPEC+, non-cartel nations are also expected to add supplies, including drillers in Canada and Guyana, feeding concerns about a global glut.
At the same time, hopes are fading that there will be quick breakthroughs in US-led trade negotiations, weighing on the outlook for energy demand. The US economy contracted for the first time since 2022 in the first quarter as a result of a surge in pre-tariff imports and softer consumer spending. In China, factory activity slipped into the worst contraction since December 2023, revealing early damage from the trade war.
Trump said in remarks to ABC News that China deserved the steep tariffs he’d imposed on their exports. Hee said later Wednesday that he didn’t want China’s products unless the country is fair.
--With assistance from Yongchang Chin.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Private credit may be all the rage but the business-development companies that started the trend are headed for tougher times, according to Josh Easterly, co-president of BDC manager Sixth Street.  Interest rates on loans to U.S. companies are going to fall, because of the chilling effect Trump administration policies are having on the U.S. economy, Easterly wrote in a letter to shareholders.  Returns could be even lower than Easterly forecasts because he assumes loan defaults won't exceed the historical BDC average of 1%.
Rick Rieder of BlackRock has been favoring higher-quality credit and shorter maturities. The allure of 5% mortgage securities.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Citadel Securities has sent the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a wish list for capital markets regulation, including warnings about the risks of 24-hour trading planned by exchanges.  The market maker founded by billionaire investor Ken Griffin said overnight trading requires a clear regulatory framework, as well as market infrastructure to support it, calling for consistency around dates.  Exchanges like Nasdaq, Cboe Global Markets and Intercontinental Exchange, the operator of the New York Stock Exchange, have announced plans for extended trading hours.
Strong earnings from big technology firms and easing trade tensions fueled a rally in stocks, lifting the Nasdaq Composite to levels last reached before President Trump’s tariff announcement touched off a roller-coaster April.  The tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 1.5%, up 0.6% from its April 2 close.  The S&P 500, which added 0.6% on Thursday, ended 1.2% shy of where it settled before Trump’s barrage of tariffs were unleashed from the White House Rose Garden.
(Bloomberg) -- The yen fell sharply against the dollar after the Bank of Japan said it will take longer than it previously thought to hit the inflation target, leading traders to pare bets on further interest-rate hikes.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The U.S. Treasury's primary dealers say they would prefer to end the federal debt ceiling, as it likely increases debt service costs and market volatility and may hurt the dollar's reserve asset status, minutes of the Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee (TBAC) showed on Wednesday.  "The Committee expressed that its preferred option would be for Congress to delegate broad authority to the administration to borrow as necessary to fund government obligations," the TBAC said in the minutes from its quarterly refunding meeting held on Tuesday.  Treasury debt yields surged this month after Trump announced punishing "reciprocal" tariffs on many countries on April 2.
(Bloomberg) -- Short-term Treasuries rose and traders boosted their expectations for Federal Reserve interest-rate cuts later this year after the US economy contracted for the first time since 2022.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agen
(Bloomberg) -- Gold was set for its first back-to-back weekly loss this year, as risk appetite returned to Wall Street on strong tech earnings and traders curbed their bets on US interest-rate cuts this year after factory activity data.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First
UBS on Wednesday posted better than expected first-quarter net profit, but the Swiss bank warned of an uncertain outlook as U.S. tariffs raise global growth fears even as the market tumult drove up earnings in its trading activity.  Switzerland's biggest bank reported net profit attributable to shareholders of $1.7 billion in the first quarter of 2025, down from $1.8 billion a year earlier, but beating an average estimate of $1.3 billion in a company-provided poll of analysts.  In its investment banking division, global markets enjoyed a record quarter with revenues up 32% year-on-year, underpinned by higher client activity in equities and foreign exchange, UBS said.
Tariffs hadn't raised the cost of living as of March, according to Wednesday's report on the Federal Reserve's preferred measure of inflation.