Title: Exxon and Chevron hold the line against tariffs, OPEC, and plunging oil prices
Date: 2025-05-02 18:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-chevron-hold-line-against-185227605.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
U.S. Big Oil giants Exxon Mobil and Chevron said May 2 they will steadfastly maintain their spending and stock buyback plans in the face of tariff uncertainty and lower oil prices—despite reporting declining quarterly earnings year over year.
The straighter paths of Exxon and Chevron, which have maintained their emphasis on fossil fuels more consistently, differ from those of their European counterparts, Shell and BP, which are now retrenching back to oil and gas after investing more heartily in renewable energy in recent years. However, Shell announced May 2 it still plans $3.5 billion in second-quarter buybacks, while BP, which is under greater financial distress, is scaling back buybacks this year.
Even though tariffs are expected to add to certain costs and OPEC is increasing its production volumes—further weighing on oil prices—Exxon Mobil chairman and CEO Darren Woods said the Western Hemisphere’s largest energy company is maintaining its capital spending program and still plans to start up several projects this year, including off the shores of booming Guyana.
“We’re ready for this,” Woods said on the earnings call, noting that Exxon is “pretty well shielded” from tariffs for projects that are already under construction.
“We know that shorter-term investors want lower capex and higher cash distributions. I suspect with today’s level of market uncertainty, the call for this will be even stronger. That’s shortsighted. We play the long game,” Woods argued. “We are rewarding investors today with investments made in the past when we faced similar circumstances and a lot of criticism for staying the course. The passage of time demonstrated the value in this approach.”
One particularly timely project Exxon Mobil just brought online this spring is its $10 billion China chemical complex. “We will competitively supply high-value chemical products for the China market, protected from tariffs with attractive long-term growth.”
However, Woods did make it clear that about one-third of Exxon’s oil and gas production is short-cycle, especially in the onshore U.S., where it can ramp down more quickly if needed later this year. Additional projects that are not yet green-lit could always be delayed if needed, he said.
Last year Exxon dramatically increased its exposure to the onshore U.S., in particular the massive Permian Basin, with the $60 billion acquisition of Pioneer Natural Resources.
“I don’t think we have finished mining the value that we see in this combination,” Woods said. “It’s full steam ahead. Everything is looking very good, and we’re exceeding our own expectations.”
The two biggest oil and gas production drivers for Exxon are the Permian and offshore Guyana, which was pioneered by Exxon in recent years.
They reported earnings on the same day as usual, but Exxon also is going to arbitration May 26 in a high-stakes feud that could decide the fate of Chevron’s pending $53 billion acquisition of Hess.
The crown jewel of the Hess portfolio is its 30% stake in Exxon’s Stabroek block off the shores of Guyana. Exxon took Hess to arbitration arguing it should have first right of refusal to purchase Hess’s Guyana stake.
The dispute is expected to determine whether the much-delayed Chevron-Hess deal could close in the third quarter or whether it falls apart completely.
Touting its confidence, Chevron recently bought 5% of Hess’s shares, and Chevron chairman and CEO Mike Wirth said May 2 he expects the deal to close in the “coming months.”
And like Woods, Wirth said he’s undeterred by the tariff and oil price situations. Chevron has a $10 billion to $20 billion share buyback range each year, and while 2025 looks to be on the lower end of the range, Chevron is keeping its guidance.
“Chevron has a proven track record of managing through uncertainty and commodity cycles, and with long-standing financial priorities as our guide, we’re well positioned to win in any environment,” Wirth said.
Chevron is even looking to acquire in petrochemicals. Wirth said Chevron is interested in acquiring Phillips 66’s 50% stake in their Chevron Phillips Chemical joint venture and has already reached out about a potential deal.
“We’d be interested in acquiring the other half at a reasonable value for both parties, and we’ll see how that plays out,” Wirth said.
That conversation is particularly timely because Phillips 66 is dealing with a heated proxy fight with activist shareholder Elliott Investment Management, which is in part pushing for the sale of the joint venture. Phillips 66 has thus far resisted the notion.
Outside the U.S., Chevron has invested most heavily of late in Kazakhstan’s massive Tengiz oilfield, bringing a $48 billion expansion online in January.
Wirth visited Kazakhstan in April and met with Kazakh President Kassym-Jomart Tokayev. Wirth said he is optimistic Chevron can continue the relationship for decades to come.
However, as part of the OPEC+ group of OPEC allies, Kazakhstan is now feuding with OPEC for exceeding its oil production quotas, including new Chevron production.
Wirth said the OPEC issues were not discussed during his visit, nor were there any discussions of temporarily curtailing Tengiz production.
Showcasing the tangled web of the global industry, Exxon also owns a 25% stake in Chevron’s Tengizchevroil joint venture.
Chevron’s adjusted earnings year over year fell 30% from $5.4 billion to $3.8 billion, although earnings rose slightly sequentially from $3.6 billion in the fourth quarter. Chevron’s stock was up about 1.6% in afternoon trading.
Exxon’s earnings dipped 6% year over year from $8.2 billion to $7.7 billion, while also up sequentially from $7.6 billion. Exxon’s stock was holding almost even, but up 0.6% in the afternoon.
Shell saw the biggest stock jump of the group at 3%. Shell CEO Wael Sawan said the company is emphasizing buybacks over any big, imminent dealmaking, especially as rumor mills have wondered whether Shell could seek to acquire BP in a mega merger.
Shell’s adjusted earnings fell almost 28% year over year from $7.7 billion to $5.6 billion, while up sequentially from $3.7 billion in the fourth quarter.
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
HOUSTON (Reuters) -Exxon Mobil on Friday beat Wall Street's estimate for first-quarter profit as higher oil and gas production from Guyana and the Permian basin helped boost earnings.  The buyback figure puts Exxon on track to meet its annual share repurchase goal of $20 billion.  The energy sector has faced a tumultuous start to the year after U.S. President Donald Trump's global tariff announcements stoked recession fears.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil slumped as OPEC+ discussed making a second major production increase, inflaming concerns about swelling global supplies that have dragged down crude prices this year. Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Milli
If you're a baby boomer retiring in the next five years, this is the time to maximize your income and savings. Thanks to catch-up contributions, you can sock away an additional $1,000 into your IRA or...
Alphabet faces increased competition and regulatory pressure, but its stock looks to be on sale.
Chevron  stock fell early Friday even after the oil major reported earnings that beat expectations.  Investors appear to be more interested in its stock buybacks, which are expected to fall along with oil prices.  Chevron’s core results were relatively strong, and the company got a boost from the startup of a large project in Kazakhstan.
Exxon  Mobil is pushing full-throttle ahead on its growth plans, even as the oil market is teetering.  Earnings per share came in at $1.76, compared with a median analyst estimate of $1.75.  Oil prices have slumped below $60 per barrel, near four-year lows, because of worry that tariffs will hurt demand even as OPEC raises production.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio