Title: Worried About Tariffs? Keep a Watch on 2 Energy Giants: XOM & CVX
Date: 2025-04-08 13:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/worried-tariffs-keep-watch-2-133900150.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season President Donald Trump’s recently imposed tariff has rattled the equity market. The question in everybody’s mind is whether the tariffs will be in place for an extended period. If the tariffs stick around for a while, U.S. spending across all businesses will probably take a hit in the face of increased prices. Eventually, there will be a contraction in the American economy. If there is a slowdown, then energy demand will go down, which could weigh heavily on the business performance of most energy companies. Now, these are still assumptions, and nobody is sure of what is going to happen, thereby fueling ambiguity. Amid the uncertain and turbulent energy business, should energy investors keep a close eye on energy giants like Chevron Corporation CVX and Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM? Integrated energy companies are relatively less prone to uncertain business scenarios. This is because when their upstream business suffers from low oil prices, they can keep afloat by banking on their downstream operations. If these companies have strong balance sheets, they can confidently leverage their financial strength to avail loans during uncertain times at favorable rates, maintaining their operational stability even during turbulent times. Chevron Chevron, currently carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), is among the integrated energy giants with a presence in both the upstream and downstream energy spaces. In the low-cost Permian – the most prolific basin in the United States – CVX has a strong footprint, which will likely aid the company’s production growth in the long run. Chevron’s capital discipline is also noteworthy, as this will pave the way for considerable cash flow generation. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. However, CVX can likely navigate the current energy market uncertainty with confidence, backed by its strong balance sheet and integrated business model. Chevron’s debt-to-capitalization is at 13.8%, considerably lower than the 29% of the composite stocks belonging to the industry. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research ExxonMobil ExxonMobil is the largest non-government integrated energy company in the world. In the prolific Permian and Guyana resources, XOM has a solid pipeline of profitable projects, securing a healthy production outlook. XOM with a Zacks Rank of 3 also has a strong balance sheet that it can rely on to sail through the current turbulent tariff-induced business environment. ExxonMobil’s debt-to-capitalization is 13.4%, which is also at a very low level and, hence, is significantly below the industry. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research We came across a bullish thesis on Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) on Substack by Charly AI. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on VZ. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ)’s share was trading at $42.17 as of April 8th. VZ’s trailing and forward P/E were 10.19 and 9.01 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Verizon (VZ) presents […] The stock market recently took a big dip, driven down by concerns about how much tariffs will affect the economy.  One of the benefits of falling stock prices is that dividend yields move in the opposite direction. President Trump's trade policies are sending many stocks that were performing well in the wrong direction and exacerbating things for others that were already struggling.  Consider two examples: Tilray (NASDAQ: TLRY) and Novavax (NASDAQ: NVAX).  Tilray's shares have dropped significantly this year and are worth about 58 cents apiece as of this writing. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 10 Stocks in Focus. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC) stands against other stocks in Jim Cramer’s focus. On Friday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, commented on the current state of the […] ConocoPhillips (COP) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report. Tapestry, a new app designed to organize the open social web, is adding a valuable feature to help people who are keeping up with multiple social networks: It will now remove duplicate posts from your feed. That means if you follow the same person across social networking services like Bluesky and Mastodon, you won't have to see their post appear twice in your feed if they've shared it in multiple places. The new feature, called Crosstalk, is rolling out with the Tapestry 1.1 iOS update on Tuesd Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
