Title: Chevron to Begin Pipeline Preparations in Eastern Mediterranean
Date: 2025-04-08 14:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-begin-pipeline-preparations-eastern-144200373.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Chevron Corporation CVX will begin a detailed seabed survey in the Eastern Mediterranean this summer, marking the first step toward constructing a crucial pipeline linking Cyprus’ Aphrodite natural gas field to processing facilities in Egypt. The announcement was made after a discussion between the company and the Cypriot president held in Houston. The discussion also supported the processing of the survey in accordance with a predefined timetable. The pipeline is designed to transport gas from the Aphrodite gas field to an undisclosed Egyptian facility. This strategic infrastructure will support energy demand in neighboring regions and the European Union, positioning Cyprus as a key supplier in the region. For Chevron, the Aphrodite project is an important part of its diversified portfolio spanning across the eastern Mediterranean region and is part of Chevron’s plans. It is the only U.S.-based energy company that operates in Cyprus, Israel, Egypt and Greece. The Aphrodite gas field was discovered by Noble Energy in September 2011 during the drilling of the A-1 well. The discovery was later appraised with the A-2 well in 2013. The gas field is situated in Block 12 offshore Cyprus at water depths of 1,700 meters. It lies 160 km south of the city of Limassol and 30 kilometers toward the northwest of the Leviathan field, which is located in Israeli waters. The field is estimated to contain up to 4.5 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. Chevron, currently carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), is the operator of the block, holding a 35% stake. Its partners in the block are Shell plc and NewMed Energy, holding a 35% and 30% stake, respectively. In November 2019, the government of Cyprus granted the partners in Block 12 a production license valid for 25 years, with a provision to extend it for an additional 10 years. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. In February, Chevron and its partners reached a framework agreement with Egypt to guide the development of the Aphrodite gas field. This followed the approval of a revised production plan by the Cypriot government and the Chevron-led consortium, which includes the construction of a floating production platform and a pipeline to transport the gas to Egypt. While Chevron leads Aphrodite’s development, other energy majors are also exploring Cypriot waters. Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM and Qatar Petroleum are actively drilling, while Eni S.p.A. E and TotalEnergies SE TTE have discovered the Cronos deposit, estimated to contain over 3 trillion cubic feet of gas. The Cyprus Energy Minister has also hinted at potential collaboration among ExxonMobil, Eni, and TotalEnergies to jointly develop nearby fields, suggesting a broader cooperative energy landscape emerging in the Eastern Mediterranean. ExxonMobil's bellwether status in the energy space and optimal capital structure have historically produced industry-leading returns, making it a relatively lower-risk energy sector play. With the acquisition and integration of Pioneer in its upstream portfolio, the majority of XOM’s total production is expected to be generated by the combined advantaged assets of Permian, Guyana, and LNG by 2030. Notably, ExxonMobil’s strong presence in the Permian Basin has resulted in strong growth in its production levels, which are expected to double by 2030. Eni SpA, based in Rome, Italy, is among the leading integrated energy players in the world. E’s upstream operations include the exploitation and production of oil and natural gas resources. Through its midstream activities, Eni transports and stores hydrocarbons. France-based TotalEnergies is among the top five publicly traded global integrated oil and gas companies based on production volumes, proved reserves and market capitalization. TTE has operations in more than 130 countries across five continents. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Eni SpA (E) : Free Stock Analysis Report TotalEnergies SE Sponsored ADR (TTE) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research New Fortress Energy (NFE) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road. E is exploring further upstream asset sales after offloading stakes in Ivory Coast and Congo to Vitol in a $1.65 billion deal. ICU Medical aims to enable healthcare systems to customize infusion setups, optimizing device footprint without compromising performance or safety. Leadership shakeup at pharmacy retailer includes finance and healthcare appointments amid ongoing turnaround efforts We recently published a list of 11 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other best American energy stocks to buy now. On Friday, April 4, oil futures reached multiyear lows following China’s response to the tariffs imposed […] Jeep owner&nbsp;Stellantis NV&nbsp;is willing to help its suppliers pay tariff costs to withstand the initial shock of US President&nbsp;Donald Trump's trade war. Bloomberg's David Welch outlines the plan from the automaker on "Bloomberg Open Interest." Health insurance stocks extended Monday’s gains into Tuesday after Medicare regulators finalized stronger-than-expected 2026 payment rates. The oil stock beat the market in Q1. Here's why it remains a buy on any dip. We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher Asset […] UBS analyst Josh Silverstein lowered the firm’s price target on Exxon Mobil (XOM) to $135 from $146 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. The firm sees Energy viewed as a recession downside play, the analyst tells investors in a research note. UBS lowered its price target reflecting increased uncertainty around economic activity and commodity prices. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> See the top stocks recommended by a Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
