Chevron & Exxon Mobil Earnings_ What to Expect
2025-05-01 21-27
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-exxon-mobil-earnings-expect-212700191.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Earnings season continues to move rapidly, with a notably rich reporting docket this week. A few big-tech names and representatives from many sectors have delivered their quarterly prints, with next week just as exciting.
Among the bunch this week are two energy titans, Exxon Mobil XOM and Chevron CVX. There has been a slight performance disparity between the two in 2025, with XOM shares outperforming.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Stay up-to-date with all quarterly releases: See Zacks Earnings Calendar.
Energy companies are expected to face a harsh reporting period in general, with earnings for the broader Zacks Oil & Energy sector expected to be down -22.7% from the same period last year on -0.4% lower revenues.
Let’s take a closer look at revisions for XOM and CVX.
Exxon Mobil
Earnings revisions for the upcoming release have been back-and-forth but overall reflect stability, with the $1.74 Zacks Consensus EPS estimate up 1.2% since just the beginning of February. The value implies a 15% pullback from the same period last year, reflecting a notable profitability crunch.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Investors will also be zeroed in on the company’s cash flows, which have allowed it to sport a shareholder-friendly nature for years. Below is a chart illustrating the company’s free cash flow on a quarterly basis.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Chevron
Earnings expectations for CVX’s release have fallen much more, with the current $2.15 Zacks Consensus EPS estimate down 13% over the same timeframe and suggesting a 27% decline year-over-year.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The company’s sales expectations have actually drifted higher, with the current $47.9 billion expected up more than 2% over the same time period while suggesting a 1.5% pullback year-over-year.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Putting Everything Together
Two energy heavyweights – Exxon Mobil XOM and Chevron CVX – are on the reporting docket this week, continuing a hectic week of earnings overall.
The setup for XOM appears to be much more attractive heading into the release given its favorable EPS revisions trend relative to CVX.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
No less than two analysts upgraded their recommendations on the specialty vehicle and equipment maker.  This was thanks to a pair of post-earnings analyst recommendation upgrades, which brought a fresh wave of optimism to the stock.  In his view, Caterpillar now rates an outperform (buy, in other words), up from his previous tag of perform (hold).
Chevron can weather the storm, assuming prices don’t fall much lower, but it may have to cut its share-repurchase plan.  Buybacks will likely be the biggest question on the oil company’s first-quarter earnings call.  Analysts expect Chevron to report $2.16 of earnings per share, down from $2.93 a year ago.
Besides Wall Street's top -and-bottom-line estimates for Westlake (WLK), review projections for some of its key metrics to gain a deeper understanding of how the company might have fared during the quarter ended March 2025.
AES (AES) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -27.03% and 8.65%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
HOUSTON (Reuters) -A vessel chartered by Chevron carrying some 300,000 barrels of Venezuelan oil was set to start discharging at a Venezuelan port on Thursday, according to shipping data and a source.  It would be the last tanker to return its cargo following state company PDVSA's order to return the crude amid payment uncertainty related to U.S. sanctions.  The Marshall Islands-flagged vessel, Dubai Attraction, on Thursday entered a berth in Amuay terminal, Venezuela, to start discharging the cargo it originally intended to export, LSEG shipping data showed.
The headline numbers for Sirius XM (SIRI) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Carrier Global Corporation (NYSE:CARR) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, […]
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.