Title: Chevron to survey east Mediterranean seabed for pipeline linking gas field to Egypt, Cyprus says
Date: 2025-04-07 22:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-survey-east-mediterranean-seabed-221636382.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) — Energy company Chevron will begin a survey of the east Mediterranean seabed early this summer to prepare for a pipeline connecting a sizable natural gas deposit in Cyprus waters with processing facilities in Egypt, Cypriot officials said Monday. Chevron CEO Mike Wirth told Cypriot President Nikos Christodoulides in a meeting at Chevron headquarters in Houston the survey will proceed according to a set timetable. No further details were disclosed in a statement issued by Cypriot government spokesman Konstantinos Letymbiotis. The pipeline will link Cyprus’ Aphrodite field -- estimated to contain up to 4.5 trillion cubic feet of natural gas -– with an undisclosed facility on Egypt’s coastline. Christodoulides was in Houston as part of a weeklong trip to the U.S. to solicit investment in the east Mediterranean island nation. Chevron and partners Shell and Israeli NewMed Energy are in charge of developing Aphrodite, which was discovered in 2011 some 160 km (100 miles) off Cyprus’ southern coastline, within the island’s exclusive economic zone. In February, Chevron, NewMed and Shell signed an agreement with Egypt outlining the framework under which Aphrodite will be developed. The agreement came after the Cypriot government and the Chevron-led consortium approved a revised production plan that includes a floating platform to process extracted gas as well as the pipeline to Egypt. Christodoulides told Wirth that Aphrodite’s development is a priority for the Cypriot government “as it highlights the importance of our country as a new source of supply for the needs of neighboring countries but also the European Union,” the statement said. Chevron officials said Aphrodite is an “important part of the energy company’s portfolio of activities in the eastern Mediterranean, a region that is part of Chevron’s future plans and priorities,” it said. Chevron is the only energy company that operates in Cyprus, Israel, Egypt and Greece. ExxonMobil and partner Qatar Petroleum hold exploration licenses for two blocks where they have discovered at least one sizable gas field and are currently drilling a second. A consortium made up of Italy’s Eni and French Total holds exploration licenses for four blocks and have discovered the Cronos deposit, estimated to hold more than 3 trillion cubic feet of gas. In November, Cyprus Energy Minister George Papanastasiou said that ExxonMobil, Eni and Total could partner up to jointly develop gas deposits in close proximity to each other. While FMC faces headwinds from pricing pressures and de-stocking, it gains on its efforts to strengthen its product portfolio and restructuring actions. CVX is set to begin a seabed survey to link Cyprus' Aphrodite gas field to Egypt, boosting regional energy ties. TOKYO (Reuters) -Japan's Economy Minister Ryosei Akazawa has been appointed as trade negotiator with the United States, the government's top spokesperson said on Tuesday.  Bilateral discussions on exchange-rate moves will continue to be managed by Japan's finance minister and the U.S. treasury secretary, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshimasa Hayashi told a news conference.  Japanese Prime Minister Shigeru Ishiba is considering another visit to the United States for discussions with U.S. President Donald Trump "at the most appropriate timing", with progress in ministerial-level talks being a key consideration, Hayashi said. When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
