Title: Chevron to 'triple-frac' half of Permian oil wells in 2025 to cut costs, time
Date: 2025-04-09 10:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-triple-frac-half-permian-100928474.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season By Sheila Dang HOUSTON - U.S. oil major Chevron plans to increase the use of a technique that allows it to fracture subterranean rock in three wells at a time in the Permian basin, the company told Reuters, in an effort to cut the time and cost of producing oil. Chevron's expansion of the technique, known as triple-frac, comes as the second-largest U.S. oil producer expects to continue growing output in the Permian, the biggest U.S. oilfield, even as it begins to slow spending in the basin. The shale oil revolution in the United States has been driven by technological advancement. The widespread deployment of hydraulic fracking, which involves drilling wells and injecting sand and water into them to fracture rock and extract oil and gas, made previously uncommercial fossil fuel deposits held in shale rock profitable in the late 2000s. Chevron began employing triple-frac for the first time in the Permian in March last year. This year the company plans to use it on 50% to 60% of its wells in the basin, up from 20% last year, Jeff Newhook, a completions operations manager, told Reuters in an interview. The extent of Chevron's planned deployment of the technique to new wells has not previously been reported. Fracking three wells at once allows Chevron to complete each well and bring them to production in 25% less time, Newhook said, which translates to a 12% reduction in costs per well. "What's really in it for us is a more efficient use of capital and a better return on our investment," he said. Fracking two wells at once has grown in popularity as oil producers look for efficiency, but fracking three or even four at a time remains a niche strategy, said Thomas Parambil Jacob, senior vice president at consultancy Rystad Energy. Companies that can complete wells more quickly have an advantage over competitors, particularly in shale fields, where oil production quickly decreases over time, said Hugh Daigle, an associate professor at University of Texas at Austin's department of petroleum and geosystems engineering. Shale producers have continued to innovate over the years, learning to bend drill bits horizontally and drill longer distances. Recent innovation has added artificial intelligence to process drilling data in real time for better results. Triple-fracking requires the same amounts of sand and water as fracking one well at a time, but uses them more quickly, meaning Chevron needs 60% more water and sand per day when using the technique, Newhook said. That creates a logistical challenge for sand and water supply, with more than 10 trucks arriving per hour to deliver sand to the well pad. The company has also begun fracking three wells at a time in another shale field, the Denver-Julesberg basin in Colorado, Newhook said. Chevron uses mostly electric-powered equipment for triple-fracking, which consumes 50% more power per day than fracking one well at a time, he added. Triple-frac also requires more capital spending upfront to have enough wells drilled in advance, Daigle said. Chevron hit production of 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day from the Permian in December and aims to increase output by about 10% this year, CEO Mike Wirth has said previously. After this year, Chevron expects Permian production growth will begin to slow as the company focuses on generating free cash flow. (Reporting by Sheila Dang in Houston; Editing by Simon Webb and Nia Williams) (Bloomberg) -- Traders are looking for a US stock-market bottom after the biggest four-day rout in five years, but key technical indicators suggest more pain is ahead.Stocks are the most oversold since the depths of the pandemic, conditions that briefly lifted the S&P 500 Index by as much as 4% higher Tuesday. But the US equity benchmark erased its gains to end the session 1.6% lower at about 4,983 — teetering on the brink of a bear market — amid mounting trade tensions between the US and China. China is set to receive about 3 million metric tons of U.S. soybeans in April-May, according to sources and shipping data, despite new higher tariffs on American products that are poised to choke off flows of China's largest U.S. farm import item.  "We don't expect cancellations or any major issues with these cargoes since a government company has made these purchases," said one of the sources, a Singapore-based trader at an international trading company which runs oilseed processing plants in China.  With China the world's largest soybean importer and the United States the second-largest grower of the oilseed, their escalating trade war threatens to disrupt global flows of crops as each side has ratcheted up trade levies. Chinese producers of plastic Christmas trees and other festive decorations say orders from U.S. clients, which are crucial for their business, should have started to come in by now.  U.S. President Donald Trump has raised tariffs on Chinese imports by 104%so far this year in an escalating trade war that threatens great pain for the world's largest exporter of manufactured goods.  U.S. retailers are almost completely reliant on China for Christmas decorations, where they source 87% of such goods - worth roughly $4 billion. Savers pulled vast sums of 401(k) money from stocks and shifted to more conservative investments, in response to the tariff-induced market turmoil. But that's not necessarily a good strategy. Technology stocks have taken a big beating in recent months as the Trump administration's policies have led investors to press the panic button amid concerns that the tariff-fueled global trade war could hurt the U.S. economy and may even send it into a recession.  Investors have become risk-averse, which explains why high-flying tech stocks that were benefiting big time from the rapid adoption of cloud computing and artificial intelligence (AI) have pulled back substantially.  The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite index, which hit its most recent high on Dec. 16 last year, has shed nearly 23% of its value since then and now trades in bear territory. When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” A deluge of cheap, imported shrimp tanked the economies of small shrimping towns like Bayou La Batre in southern Alabama. The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
