Title: Market Chatter_ Meta Platforms Offered $450 Million Settlement to End FTC Antitrust Case
Date: 2025-04-16 10:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/market-chatter-meta-platforms-offered-102406317.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: We recently published a list ofJim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’sSquawk on the Street, Jim Cramer reacted to the partial tariff exemptions announced by the White House, interpreting them not as a full retreat, but as a strategic pause designed to avoid punishing American companies. He suggested the administration was being careful not to hand over competitive advantages to Southeast Asian rivals, particularly Samsung: “So what I saw today, and not to be facetious, but what I see is people saying, you know what, we’ve seen the downside. Maybe we can test it again. But the president has, I don’t want to say blink, because that’s nonsense. What the president did was say, OK, look, we’re not going to continue to punish American companies and give the green light to Korea. I don’t know if you heard Lutnick’s words. He was very specific. Southeast Asia. That’s Samsung. They didn’t want to give the ball to Samsung.” READ ALSO:Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 StocksandJim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks. Turning to currency dynamics, Cramer pushed back on what he sees as misplaced panic over a weakening U.S. dollar. Instead, he argued that a softer dollar actually benefits American multinationals and gives long-needed relief to CFOs who’ve spent years blaming currency strength for lost market share: “Well, look, I’m not so certain I’m going to do a little contrary stuff on the dollar here. When we listen to conference calls, for the last four years, all we hear about is it would have been so much better if the dollar weren’t so strong. We keep losing share, the dollar’s too strong. Suddenly the dollar’s weaker, and now we start hearing all the downside, what, the bonds? I mean, I’m almost thinking that, I’m gonna put this out there, the people who are saying that it’s the end of the world, that the dollar is weaker, I think they have to go do some work boots on the ground. […] So suddenly the dollar’s weaker and we are petrified? These are people who have an agenda. And their agenda is to say, you know what matters more than anything else? Our hegemony from a strong dollar. And I don’t get it. If you’re in our business of picking stocks, you’re sick and tired of hearing CFOs say, we are done. We’ve got to stop this dollar rise.”

