Title: Meta Trains AI on EU Public Content as Market Headwinds Linger
Date: 2025-04-14 18:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-trains-ai-eu-public-184755976.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) is stepping up its artificial intelligence efforts in Europe. On Monday, the company announced it has started training its AI models using public content from users in the European Union. The goal is to make its generative AI more localized and better at understanding how people across the region communicate.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Sign with META.
To stay compliant with EU privacy rules, Meta made it clear that private messages and data from users under 18 won't be included in the training process. Starting this week, users on Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger in the EU will receive notifications about the data collection. Meta also said it's making it easy for people to opt out.
The company says it's aiming to build AI that reflects the diverse cultures, languages, and humor across Europe. That means teaching its models to understand regional dialects, sarcasm, and local context especially as AI systems increasingly span text, voice, video, and images.
Meta pointed out that it's taken a similar approach in other parts of the world. It also noted that companies like Google (GOOG) and OpenAI have already used European data to train their models, though Meta claims its process is more transparent.
Its flagship model, Llama, recently got an upgrade with the release of the Llama 4 series. The company is also gearing up for its developer conference, LlamaCon, set for April 29.
On the stock side, Meta has gained 5.27% over the past week, but the bigger picture is more mixed. It's still down 12.28% for the month and off 9.94% over the past six months a year-to-date drop of 9.25%.
For context, the S&P 500 is up 6.18% for the week but has also struggled recently, falling 3.31% for the month, 7.35% over six months, and 8.40% year-to-date. So while Meta's short-term bounce stands out, its longer-term challenges reflect broader market uncertainty.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
We came across a bullish thesis on Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) on Value Investing Subreddit Page by CompanyCharts. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on META. Meta Platforms, Inc. (META)’s share was trading at $543.57 as of April 11th. META’s trailing and forward P/E were 22.78 and 21.37 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Meta […]
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other AI stocks to watch now. The trade war between two of the world’s biggest economies, China and the US, is deepening even further. In […]
META expands its Ray-Ban smart glasses capabilities in the United Kingdom, adding advanced AI features, including object recognition and real-time translation.
We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued […]
Social media company Meta said Monday that it will start using publicly available content from European users to train its artificial intelligence models, resuming work put on hold last year after activists raised concerns about data privacy.  The company, which owns Facebook and Instagram, said that it would train its AI systems using public posts and comments shared by adult users in the 27-nation European Union.  “People’s interactions with Meta AI — like questions and queries — will also be used to train and improve our models,” the company said in a blog post.
Meta went to court Monday against the Federal Trade Commission in an antitrust case that could force the social media titan to sell off Instagram or WhatsApp.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Chairman Andrew Ferguson weighed in on the agency’s antitrust case against social media giant Meta Platforms in a Monday appearance on “Mornings with Maria."
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.