Title: 3 S&P 500 Stocks That Stand Out
Date: 2025-05-08 04:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-p-500-stocks-stand-043149696.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
The biggest companies in the world call the S&P 500 (^GSPC) home, but only a handful are still growing rapidly. Some of these industry leaders are executing exceptionally well and rewarding shareholders.
Not every big company is a great investment, and we’re here to help you find the best opportunities. That said, here are three S&P 500 stocks leading the market forward.
Market Cap: $1.50 trillion
Famously founded by Mark Zuckerberg in his Harvard dorm, Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) operates a collection of the largest social networks in the world - Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger, along with its metaverse focused Reality Labs.
Why Is META a Top Pick?
13.3% annual increases in its average revenue per user over the last two years show its platform is resonating with power users
Excellent EBITDA margin of 59.9% highlights the efficiency of its business model, and its operating leverage amplified its profits over the last few years
META is a free cash flow machine with the flexibility to invest in growth initiatives or return capital to shareholders
Meta is trading at $597.70 per share, or 13.5x forward EV/EBITDA. Is now the right time to buy? See for yourself in our in-depth research report, it’s free.
Market Cap: $491.7 billion
Launched by Reed Hastings as a DVD mail rental company until its famous pivot to streaming in 2007, Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX) is a pioneering streaming content platform.
Why Will NFLX Beat the Market?
Global Streaming Paid Memberships are rising, meaning the company can increase revenue without incurring additional customer acquisition costs if it can cross-sell additional products and features
Highly efficient business model is illustrated by its impressive 27% EBITDA margin, and its profits increased over the last few years as it scaled
Free cash flow margin increased by 18.6 percentage points over the last few years, giving the company more capital to invest or return to shareholders
At $1,158 per share, Netflix trades at 35.7x forward EV/EBITDA. Is now the time to initiate a position? Find out in our full research report, it’s free.
Market Cap: $273 billion
Founded in 1847, Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM) manufactures and sells a wide range of tobacco and nicotine-containing products, including cigarettes, heated tobacco products, and oral nicotine pouches.
Why Are We Backing PM?
Products are seeing elevated demand as its unit sales averaged 3% growth over the past two years
Differentiated product offerings are difficult to replicate at scale and lead to a best-in-class gross margin of 64.8%
Strong free cash flow margin of 25.7% enables it to reinvest or return capital consistently, and its recently improved profitability means it has even more resources to invest or distribute
Philip Morris’s stock price of $175.49 implies a valuation ratio of 23.4x forward P/E. Is now a good time to buy? See for yourself in our full research report, it’s free.
Market indices reached historic highs following Donald Trump’s presidential victory in November 2024, but the outlook for 2025 is clouded by new trade policies that could impact business confidence and growth.
While this has caused many investors to adopt a "fearful" wait-and-see approach, we’re leaning into our best ideas that can grow regardless of the political or macroeconomic climate. Take advantage of Mr. Market by checking out our Top 5 Growth Stocks for this month. This is a curated list of our High Quality stocks that have generated a market-beating return of 175% over the last five years.
Stocks that made our list in 2019 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+2,183% between December 2019 and December 2024) as well as under-the-radar businesses like Comfort Systems (+751% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free.
Warren Buffett has decided to step down as CEO of Berkshire Hathaway.  Greg Abel will lead in his absence, with help from other leaders at Berkshire Hathaway.  After 60 years at the helm and 75 as a professional investor, Warren Buffett has announced his plan to step down as CEO of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.B) by the end of 2025.
The S&P 500 has been exceptionally volatile this year due to economic uncertainty, and the index is currently 9% below its record high.  Warren Buffett says the stock market could move substantially higher before investor sentiment improves or economic uncertainty dissipates.  Warren Buffett recommends buying high-conviction stock whenever the price is right, regardless of the current economic environment.
Disney’s share price jumped Wednesday morning after the entertainment giant posted surprisingly strong quarterly results.  Domestic parks operating income of $1.8 billion was 10% ahead of expectations, according to consensus estimates from Visible Alpha.  Investors had worried about Disney’s exposure to the wide swath of tariffs unveiled by President Trump last month.
The Oracle of Omaha may be on his way out of the stock-picking business, but he and his team still have got some ideas well worth considering.
Netflix’s (NFLX) upcoming launch of multiple, new high-tech features will be significantly positive for NFLX, BMO Capital wrote in a note to investors today. The bank kept a $1,200 price target and an Outperform rating on the name. BMO’s Take on NFLX’s Initiatives NFLX will start utilizing AI to help its users find content while […]
Let's find out which cybersecurity stock between Zscaler and Palo Alto Networks is a better bet.
The new interface aims to better adapt to your mood.
Uber (UBER) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 62.75% and 0.61%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
After President Donald Trump suggested levying a 100% tariff on movies and shows made outside America, Citi stated that Netflix (NFLX) has a means of reducing the negative impact of such duties on its financial results. However, the bank, which kept a Neutral rating on the name, warned that the potential tariffs could lower NFLX’s […]
News of the day for May 8, 2025
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.