Title: Jim Cramer Says Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) Was Such a ‘Tour De Force’
Date: 2025-05-07 16:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-says-meta-platforms-163757858.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Says AI Is Back & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against the other stocks.
In a recent appearance on CNBC's Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on how market sentiment towards AI appeared to be changing. "Yeah look, this is a moment where, if you have AI, we are now saying it's good," he said. "Remember we were sick of AI for a while and now AI's back," Cramer added.
He also commented on the current tensions between the US and China regarding AI and overall trade. The US has restricted sales of advanced AI chips to China, and to Cramer, the current environment "feels so much like Russia and United States from the Khrushchev time on, it really does." He added that US technology was superior to the Chinese, and when co-host David Faber pointed out that China was pushing out a lot of STEM graduates, Cramer replied: "We're four times smarter than they are. Our schools. Four times better."
The US AI chip sanctions have included restricting all but 18 countries from being able to acquire the latest AI chips. The laws were introduced under the Biden administration and Cramer's been their critic. When Faber asked him to explain the rules, called 'Diffusion Rules,' Cramer outlined:
"Okay so Biden picked 18 friends. 18 friendly nations that were allowed to get all the chips that they . . and then there was the next group, which was the not so friendly, which when look at, is a lot of EU countries which I always thought were friendly because of NATO, that kind of thing. . .Iceland, Mexico, not in there. And then there's just the enemies list."
Cramer added rather cryptically: "And some people now feel that they're going to offer licensing for a country which would really be bad. Worse than what Biden did."
He added:
"No they have got to get that changed because. . .if you go check, Jensen Huang did this . . .he did this huge tour, all around the world, to all these countries that are basically going to be denied and that are not friendly."
As for the impact of tariffs on economic growth, Cramer believes: "Well, we gotta see, this next quarter is the quarter where, everyone is so concerned."
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on May 1st.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A team of developers working in unison to create the company's messaging application.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 262
Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) is a frequent feature of Cramer's morning show. Over the course of the year, he has attributed share price strength to the firm's cost-cutting efforts and linked weakness to economic concerns that drive down advertisement spending. More recently, Cramer has also wondered whether tariffs on Chinese goods will lead to lower Chinese advertisement spending on Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META)'s social media platforms. Here are his recent thoughts:
"Look, Meta was such a tour de force, that I found myself thinking, if I could start a business I'd like to send a check to Zuckerberg and he would target the people I need to find. I mean this was a call where they actually just said basically Procter & Gamble, what are you doing? McDonald's, stop. I mean he was saying that advertisers, if you put money into linear TV, you're just trying to reach the septuagenarian crowd or octogenarian crowd. Come join us. It was just, it was so good. Still they're losing more than $4 billion in Reality Labs, but that's some sort of what, is that Area 51 or something?"
Overall META ranks 2nd on our list of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of META as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than META but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Why These 10 Stocks Soared Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coupang, Inc. (NYSE:CPNG) stands against other Wednesday’s best-performing stocks. The stock market rebounded on Wednesday, with all major indices ending in the green as investors cheered the Federal Reserve’s decision to keep […]
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks That Will Make You Rich In 3 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Salesforce, Inc. (NYSE:CRM) stands against other stocks that will make you rich in 3 years. Is the Bull Market Over? The stock market has been facing volatility […]
We came across a bullish thesis on Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) on Substack by LongYield. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on META. Meta Platforms, Inc. (META)’s share was trading at $572.21 as of May 1st. META’s trailing and forward P/E were 22.37 and 22.78 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Meta’s Q1 2025 results […]
Meta’s CEO is promoting a future where artificial intelligence is increasingly intertwined with people’s lives.
Meta Platforms (META) recently announced its Q1 2025 earnings, and the results were nothing short of extraordinary. With so much stock negativity flying around in recent weeks, the company delivered robust growth across key metrics, and the market responded enthusiastically. After thoroughly reviewing the numbers, I remain stoutly bullish on Meta’s trajectory. In fact, I believe the stock has a clear path to surpassing the $800 mark within the next 12 months. In the sections ahead, I’ll explain
We came across a bullish thesis on Pool Corporation (POOL) on Substack by Douglas Ott. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on POOL. Pool Corporation (POOL)’s share was trading at $291.33 as of April 28th. POOL’s trailing and forward P/E were 27.28 and 25.19 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Pool Corp, once riding high […]
Uncertainty over tariffs, supply chain instability, and other broader macroeconomic headwinds are pushing a growing number of major companies to pull their 2025 earnings guidance. From automakers to airlines and consumer giants, firms are increasingly opting to sit out of the forecasting game, citing economic uncertainty that, for some, is getting too thick to navigate.
73% of surveyed Europeans said they supported the sharing of healthcare data in exchange for personalised treatment plans.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.