Title: Instagram Threads is getting video ads
Date: 2025-05-08 18:15
URL: https://techcrunch.com/2025/05/08/instagram-threads-is-getting-video-ads/?.tsrc=rss

Latest	



		AI	



		Amazon	



		Apps	



		Biotech & Health	



		Climate	



		Cloud Computing	



		Commerce	



		Crypto	



		Enterprise	



		EVs	



		Fintech	



		Fundraising	



		Gadgets	



		Gaming	



		Google	



		Government & Policy	



		Hardware	



		Instagram	



		Layoffs	



		Media & Entertainment	



		Meta	



		Microsoft	



		Privacy	



		Robotics	



		Security	



		Social	



		Space	



		Startups	



		TikTok	



		Transportation	



		Venture	



		Events	



		Startup Battlefield	



		StrictlyVC	



		Newsletters	



		Podcasts	



		Videos	



		Partner Content	



		TechCrunch Brand Studio	



		Crunchboard	



		Contact Us	

Instagram Threads will begin testing video ads, Meta announced on Thursday. The test, which will make Threads look more like its competitor X, is an expansion of Threads’ advertising initiatives, which began last month with the opening up of ads to global advertisers.
The news was announced at Meta’s presentation at the IAB NewFronts, where a number of social media companies pitch themselves to advertisers.
On Threads, Meta says a “small number” of advertisers will test 19:9 or 1:1 video ad creatives that will appear in between pieces of organic content in the Threads feed. The company didn’t share other details around pricing or frequency of those ads, however.
The update follows Meta’s recent announcement that Threads now reaches over 350 million monthly active users. The app has also seen a 35% increase in the time spent on Threads as a result of improvements to the app’s recommendation systems, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg also told investors on Meta’s earnings call in April. 
Meta announced the news around Threads, among other updates to its ad products, at the NewFronts.
The company says it’s also testing a new short-form video solution, Reels trending ads, that will be shown next to the most trending Reels from creators. 
Rival TikTok this week had also introduced an expansion of its similar offering, called Pulse Suite, which will now let advertisers market themselves next to trending content by category, holiday, tentpole moments, cultural events, and evergreen, always-on content from sports, entertainment, and lifestyle publishers. 
Meta will also begin to test Trends in Instagram’s Creator Marketplace to help advertisers find popular trends, and it will test the Creator Marketplace API to help businesses find and connect with quality creators at scale.
The company is also rolling out Video Expansion on Facebook Reels, which adjusts video assets by generating unseen pixels in each video frame to expand the aspect ratio for a more native experience. 
Topics

Consumer News Editor

Sarah has worked as a reporter for TechCrunch since August 2011. She joined the company after having previously spent over three years at ReadWriteWeb. Prior to her work as a reporter, Sarah worked in I.T. across a number of industries, including banking, retail and software.
Get inside access to Europe’s top investment minds — with leaders from Monzo, Accel, Paladin Group, and more — plus top-tier networking at StrictlyVC London.
 Spotify’s latest update gives users more control over their listening experience



 Hugging Face releases a free Operator-like agentic AI tool



 Meet Posha, a countertop robot that cooks your meals for you



 Musk clashes with neighbors in exclusive Austin suburb



 Is Duolingo the face of an AI jobs crisis?



 Google launches AI tools for practicing languages through personalized lessons



 Hugging Face releases a 3D-printed robotic arm starting at $100



© 2025 TechCrunch Media LLC.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
We won't sell or share your personal information to inform the ads you see. You may still see interest-based ads if your information is sold or shared by other companies or was sold or shared previously.
Dismiss
Opt out