Title: Meta's Zuckerberg takes the stand in a government antitrust trial he hoped to avoid
Date: 2025-04-14 21:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/metas-zuckerberg-takes-the-stand-in-a-government-antitrust-trial-he-hoped-to-avoid-213352779.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta Platforms (META) CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Monday took the stand during the first day of a trial he hoped to avoid as the tech giant faces off against President Trump's antitrust cops in a case that threatens the $1.3 trillion empire Zuckerberg built.
The Federal Trade Commission alleges that Meta’s leading social media platform, Facebook, became a monopoly in the market for "personal social networking" in part by buying up potential rival social media startups such as Instagram and WhatsApp.
Buying smaller rival social media companies, the FTC claims, was part of a "buy-or-bury strategy" to block fair competition. The FTC will likely ask the judge overseeing the case to force Meta to sell Instagram and WhatsApp if it wins.
Meta has argued that the FTC misidentified the market in which Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp compete because it left out TikTok, YouTube, X, and LinkedIn. Its lawyers have also noted that the FTC approved the Instagram and WhatsApp purchases more than a decade ago.
Zuckerberg in court Monday didn't agree with how the government defined the personal social networking market that it alleges Meta dominates, arguing it is more expansive than just a friends-and-family connection point.
He said that linking friends and family is "one of the core things" the company does, according to a report of the trial proceedings from the New York Times, but Meta is also involved in “the general idea of entertainment and learning about the world and discovering what’s going on."
An FTC lawyer confronted Zuckerberg with some old posts and emails written before the acquisition of Instagram.
One cited in court was from 2011, where the CEO told other executives that “mobile photos … will increasingly be the future of photos” and that Instagram had become "a large and viable competitor" in that realm, according to a report of the trial proceedings from CNN.
The courtroom in Washington, D.C., was clearly not a place Zuckerberg hoped he would be Monday. Zuckerberg reportedly lobbied President Trump to settle the case before the trial began.
The FTC's early strategy is to question Zuckerberg about internal emails that he and other Facebook executives sent more than a decade ago.
"[It] is better to buy than compete," Zuckerberg allegedly wrote in another internal company email in 2008, according to the government's case.
That message and some of the others cited Monday preceded Facebook's acquisition of Instagram in 2012 for $1 billion and WhatsApp in 2014 for $19 billion.
One key part of the FTC's argument is that Facebook purchased Instagram in 2012 because it "lacked the business talent" to maintain its market dominance through innovation as smartphones drew consumers toward mobile internet.
In another 2012 acquisition, according to the government, Facebook bought then-shuttered Google social app “Glancee" allegedly to foreclose on the search giant’s social networking ambitions.
The government claims these purchases of rivals expanded Meta's ability to surveil its users across the internet and, in turn, corner the online advertising market that fuels digital social platforms.
A spokesperson for Meta said the FTC’s lawsuit mischaracterizes Facebook as a monopolist by leaving out some of its main competitors within the social media market.
"The evidence at trial will show what every 17-year-old in the world knows: Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp compete with Chinese-owned TikTok, YouTube, X, iMessage, and many others," the spokesperson said.
"More than 10 years after the FTC reviewed and cleared our acquisitions, the commission’s action in this case sends the message that no deal is ever truly final. Regulators should be supporting American innovation, rather than seeking to break up a great American company and further advantaging China on critical issues like AI."
The FTC first filed its complaint against Facebook during President Trump’s first term. It was dismissed by federal judge James Boasberg.
But Boasberg later accepted an amended complaint that was refiled during former President Joe Biden’s administration by then-FTC boss Lina Khan.
Regulators are now asking the judge to restore fair competition in the “personal social networking services" market by ordering Instagram’s divestment. They also have requested a court-ordered spin-off of Meta’s messaging service, WhatsApp.
A spin-off of Instagram would deal a major blow to Meta’s bottom line. The app drove $32 billion in US ad revenue for Meta in 2024, representing 48.4% of its total revenue, according to Emarketer.
In December, Emarketer projected that Instagram’s ad revenue would surpass 50% of Meta’s total revenue in 2025.
WhatsApp makes up a much smaller fraction of total revenue. Its business messaging service earned $1.7 billion in 2024.
Paul Swanson, a partner with Holland & Hart and head of the firm’s antitrust practice, said Judge Boasberg is clearly open to hearing the FTC’s theory yet also skeptical of it.
"The FTC has persuaded the judge that there are questions of fact here," Swanson said. "And that's an achievement in itself."
However, he said regulators may find it difficult to further persuade the judge that social platforms like LinkedIn don’t belong in the same market.
“It seems like already there's some concern from the court that the market we're talking about is too narrowly drawn. The judge has not signaled that he’s on board with their narrative,” Swanson said.
Even if Boasberg were to agree with the FTC’s narrowly defined market of personal social networking services, Swanson said, Meta’s share of daily and monthly active users is on the low end of significant enough monopoly to control pricing and output.
The FTC alleges that Facebook’s share of daily active users on US personal social networking apps exceeded 70% since 2016.
Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X @alexiskweed.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
SEOUL (Reuters) -South Korea announced on Tuesday an increase in its support package for the country's vital semiconductor industry to 33 trillion won ($23.25 billion), up about a quarter from a 26 trillion won package unveiled last year.  The measures come in response to calls on the government to expand support at a time of growing policy uncertainty under the current U.S. administration and rising competition from Chinese rivals, the government said in a statement.  South Korea's decision to pump more money into its key chips sector is designed to help companies cope with heavier costs as they compete globally, it said.
Nvidia said it is planning to build AI servers worth as much as $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years with help from partners such as TSMC, the latest American tech firm to back the Trump administration's push for local manufacturing.  Monday's announcement includes production of its Blackwell AI chips at TSMC's factory at Phoenix, Arizona and supercomputer manufacturing plants in Texas by Foxconn and Wistron that are expected to ramp up in 12 to 15 months.  The move aligns the AI chip giant, majority of whose processors are made in Taiwan, with a clutch of tech firms that have pledged to bring manufacturing back to the U.S. amid threats of steep tariffs from President Donald Trump.
Goldman Sachs lowered its outlook for U.S. hotels Monday, pointing to lagging consumer demand, growing economic uncertainty, and troubling signals from the airline industry.
British shoppers spent more last month even as worries about the global economy grew in the run-up to U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff increases, according to data published on Tuesday.  The British Retail Consortium said sales at its member stores - mostly large retail chains - rose by 1.1% year-on-year in March, matching February's increase.  The increase would have been bigger were it not for the Easter holiday falling in April this year unlike in 2024 when it was in March, boosting sales in that month, the BRC said.
(Bloomberg) -- The US will begin imposing tariffs of more than 20% on most imports of tomatoes from Mexico, citing “unfairly priced” shipments from the country.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageA current trade agreement with Mexico for tomatoes failed to protect US growe
Still, currency markets were a lot calmer in early Asian hours after last week's turmoil that badly bruised the dollar despite a surge in Treasury yields, highlighting the shaky investor confidence in the greenback and U.S. assets.  Market focus has been on the ever-shifting tariff headlines with the U.S. removing smartphones and other electronics from its duties on China over the weekend providing some relief, although comments from President Donald Trump suggested the reprieve is likely to be for a short time.  Trump's imposition and then abrupt postponement of tariffs on goods imported to the U.S. has sowed confusion, adding to the uncertainty for investors and policymakers around the world.
TOKYO (Reuters) -Global markets are experiencing volatility from uncertainty over U.S. tariff policy but not seeing a huge decline in short-term liquidity, a senior Bank of Japan official said on Tuesday.  Global stock, currency and bond markets have whipsawed due to President Donald Trump's back-and-forth comments on tariffs, with some analysts seeing the recent sharp declines in U.S. Treasuries and the dollar as a sign markets are losing confidence in the safe-have status of U.S. assets.
A weaker-than-expected revenue report was the news item driving down LVMH Moët Hennessy -- Louis Vuitton's (OTC: LVMUY) American depositary shares (ADS) on Monday.  On Sunday, LVMH published details of its first-quarter revenue, showing that its total top line for the period was just over 20.3 billion euros ($23.1 billion).  Fashion and leather goods, by far its most significant in terms of revenue, was buffeted by a 5% decline from the first-quarter 2024 result, bringing in $11.5 billion.
The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.
The filing in federal court in Texas by the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and business groups that brought the case asked U.S. District Judge Mark Pittman in Fort Worth to enter a final order terminating the late fee rule.  Pittman had previously blocked the CFPB from implementing the rule, which was part of Democratic President Joe Biden's broader crackdown on "junk fees,” though Trump’s Republican administration could have defended the rule on appeal.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.