Title: Veteran Investor Says He’d “Kill to Have Nvidia” in the Low $90s
Date: 2025-04-14 16:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veteran-investor-says-d-kill-163837555.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Intentionally overdramatizing, Dory Wiley, the CEO of Commerce Street Holdings, told Schwab Network recently, that "You'd kill to buy Nvidia (NVDA)" for prices in the low-$90 range. Wiley believes that Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is quite low, while its valuation is attractive. During the same segment, Wiley praised JPMorgan (JPM) and its first-quarter results which it recently unveiled. Wiley has led companies that have been involved with financial markets since 1996, according to his LinkedIn profile. NVDA's Exposure to Tariffs Is Low, Wiley Says "Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is less than 5%, some say less than 2%," Wiley stated. Moreover, in the low-$90s, the shares "were on sale," he believes. Although the stock's decline naturally generates fear, such declines have historically been good buying opportunities, according to the veteran investor. "Anytime the Vix exceeds 40, there's a 90% chance that you'll make money in the next three years," Wiley told Schwab.  And the average return during that period is 50%-80%, he added. JPM Reported Good Results, Wiley Said Asserting that JPM delivered good Q1 results "across the board," Wiley noted that its revenue from equity trading jumped 48% year-over-year, while its earnings climbed significantly. Additionally, its return on tangible equity came in at 7.8%, up from "closer to 5%" in March 2023, he added. "JPM looks safe and sound," he said. While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. We came across a bullish thesis on NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) on Substack by Compounding Your Wealth. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on NVDA. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)’s share was trading at $110.93 as of April 11th. NVDA’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.73 and 24.75 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. NVIDIA Corporation has solidified […] Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) appears to be in a strong position to weather the current storm.  Its cash position is nearly $96.7 billion.  Alphabet makes most of its money from advertising on Google Search and other apps. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer analyzed […] Another tariff climb down from the Trump administration sparked a relief rally in world stocks and bonds on Monday, but smoldering growth fears and deep-rooted doubts over the wisdom and execution of U.S. trade policy limited the euphoria.  Zoom out and the world continues to reassess its long-held faith in the dollar and U.S. Treasuries, the fates of which increasingly appear to be in the hands of foreign private sector investors. When the economy feels shaky, as it has recently with President Donald Trump's announcement of high tariffs on major trading partners of the U.S., consumers often look to finance experts for... It’s a lesson in supply and demand. The stock market may seem like a difficult place right now, with indexes taking new directions from day to day and even from hour to hour.  President Donald Trump's tariffs on imports have stoked concern about corporate profits moving forward and the health of the general economy.  The president has put a 90-day pause on his initial plan to allow for negotiations between the U.S. and trading partners, but until solutions are found, stock market volatility could persist. A real estate investor is questioning whether it still makes sense to hold onto a rental property that has nearly doubled in value since purchase, despite having a 2.75% mortgage. Posting in the r/realestateinvesting subreddit, the user explained that ... The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
