Title: Treasuries Rally as Fed’s Powell Focuses on Price Stability
Date: 2025-04-16 20:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/treasuries-rally-fed-powell-focuses-200030165.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) — US Treasuries rallied for a third day as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank will aim to prevent tariffs from leading to stickier inflation. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs The five-year note led gains in the US government debt market on Wednesday, with yields down seven basis points to 3.9% as Powell said the central bank was “well positioned to wait for more clarity” on how President Donald Trump’s evolving trade policy impacts price pressures. The moves in yields accelerated as equities slumped more than 2%. The “bond market is comforted by Powell’s sanguine outlook on funding conditions and reserve abundance, but the equity market is getting anxious as investors are looking for the Powell put — which is not there yet,” said Tracy Chen, a portfolio manager at Brandywine Global Investment Management. “There is no sense of urgency to act from Powell. He is in a wait-and-see mode given all the uncertainty in tariff standoff.” The rally in bonds also followed a solid $13 billion sale of 20-year bonds, which was awarded at 4.81% compared with a 4.814% when-issued yield at the 1 p.m. New York time bidding deadline. Earlier, data showed US retail sales rose substantially in March on a jump in car purchases and other goods such as electronics, suggesting consumers were scrambling to get ahead of tariffs. In sharp contrast with the state of market a week ago, when Trump’s about-face on tariffs shook investors, futures volumes on Wednesday were well below recent levels. By about 3 p.m. New York time, Treasury contracts were running at about 60% of 20-day average, with SOFR futures at a similar level. To Gregory Faranello, head of US rates trading and strategy for AmeriVet Securities, the Treasury market is now trading more cleanly than it was earlier in the month as the risk of global tariffs raised threats to the economy, undermining Treasuries’ reputation as the world’s safest asset. “Positions feel better balanced, so back to a risk-off” market, he said. Faranello favors five-year notes “if the Fed is going to be reactionary versus preemptive.” Powell’s Message Powell’s comments, delivered at the Economic Club of Chicago, were in sharp focus across Wall Street after a bout of volatility in the $29 trillion Treasury market. The Fed chief acknowledged that tension was building between the central bank’s dual mandates of ensuring US growth while keeping inflation checked. Still, he echoed Cleveland Fed President Beth Hammack, who’d pointed out that there’s good reason for officials to hold interest rates at current levels until there is more clarity on how tariffs and other policy changes will impact the economy. Traders were pricing in about 90 basis points of easing by the end of the year, implying a minimum of three quarter-point reductions starting in July. At JPMorgan Chase & Co., economist Michael Feroli said that Powell’s comments were consistent with the bank’s view that the first cut of the year will actually come in September. Powell said that despite recent volatility, the market was functioning, so there wasn’t a need for the Fed to step in now. The remark jolted US equity markets, and helped fuel a further advance in bonds. The dollar, meanwhile, held tight to its losses — bringing its year-to-date decline to 6.4%, according to a Bloomberg gauge. He also said the Fed’s recent decision to slow the pace of its balance-sheet runoff — known as quantitative tightening — and the fact that reserves remain abundant mean the central bank can continue QT longer. —With assistance from James Hirai. (Updates prices, adds comments throughout.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Trump's Treasury secretary wants business owners to relax. That's hard to do when Trump's tariffs are pushing costs higher and profits lower and threatening a recession. U.S. upland cotton exports to India have risen in the past few months fueled by global tariff conflicts, declining American prices and rising demand in the South Asian country, industry experts said.  Exports to India from February to April jumped to 155,260 running bales, from 25,901 shipped during a year ago period, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) data.  The increase comes as Washington-Beijing trade tensions escalate, reducing U.S. cotton exports to China. President Trump’s 25% tariffs on the auto sector are the talk of the New York International Auto Show. (Bloomberg) -- Hertz Global Holdings Inc. shares had their biggest gain ever after CNBC reported that Pershing Square Capital Management had amassed a position of almost 20% in the beleaguered car rental company.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsBill Ackman’s investment firm said in a filing Wedne CSX railroad's profit fell 27% in the first quarter as two major construction projects contributed to a decline in shipments.  The analysts surveyed by FactSet Research predicted CSX would earn 37 cents a share.  CEO Joe Hinrichs said he still expects volume to increase this year, but it's hard to predict how much because of all the uncertainty about trade policy. Argentina's peso closed 6.6% higher on Wednesday, regaining ground lost after the currency tumbled on a lifting of capital controls earlier in the week.  The currency closed the week, shortened due to the Easter holiday, at 1,125 pesos per U.S. dollar.  On Monday, the peso tumbled after the government undid large parts of years-long capital controls, putting it in a gradually expanding band starting between 1,000 and 1,400 pesos per dollar. We recently published a list of the 10 Best Dividend Monarchs to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other best dividend monarchs. Dividend-focused investors are generally well-acquainted with terms like Dividend Aristocrats and Dividend Kings, but many may not be […] Egypt's revenue from the Suez Canal plunged by almost two thirds last year, officials said Wednesday, attributing the sharp drop to regional tensions and wars in the Middle East that have impacted traffic through the key waterway.  The canal is a major source of foreign currency for the Egyptian government, with about 10% of world trade flowing through the waterway in recent years.  The Suez Canal Authority, which runs the waterway, said the canal generated an annual revenue of $3.991 billion in 2024, down from a historic high of $10.25 billion in 2023, according to a statement posted on its Facebook page. Apple stock fell more than 2% late Wednesday morning, once again putting its market capitalization below the $3 trillion mark after a brief rally. The company hiked its dividend as earnings reflected a surge in investor activity during the first quarter. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
