Title: Earnings and Tariffs: This Week's 5 Must Watch Stocks
Date: 2025-04-09 17:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/earnings-tariffs-weeks-5-must-170500778.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Did you know that the first quarter earnings season kicks off this week? Most people are so consumed with what is happening with the tariffs, that they’ve forgotten that we have an earnings season starting. Like with the first reporting season after the COVID pandemic started in March 2020, this earnings season will be important to see what impacts the companies are seeing, if any, from Trump Administration’s new tariff regime. Should You Care About the Banks? We usually tune into the big bank reports in the first week of earnings, but this week we will be looking at other industries: such as airlines, wine and spirits, used cars, and manufacturing. It’s a new world right now. The Street won’t care about the actual first quarter results as those were “Before Liberation Day.” They will be looking at any forward-looking guidance because the guidance reflects “After Liberation Day.” Be prepared for volatility. 5 Must Watch Earnings Charts This Week 1. Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Delta Air Lines has beat 2 out of the last 4 quarters, including last quarter. But fears about the global economy, and consumer demand, has crushed the stock. Delta Air Lines has fallen 32.7% over the last month. Delta Air Lines is now dirt cheap, with a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) of just 5.5. A P/E under 10 usually indicates a company is extremely cheap. Is Delta Air Lines a value trap? 2. Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Constellation Brands missed last quarter but prior to that miss, it had beat 7 quarters in a row. Shares of Constellation Brands, the maker of beer, wine, and spirits, are down 8.2% in the last month. It’s also cheap. Constellation Brands now has a forward P/E of 12.6. Will Constellation Brands turn it around and beat this quarter? 3. CarMax, Inc. (KMX) CarMax is coming off a big, 30% earnings surprise last quarter. But prior to that beat, the largest used car retailer had missed three quarters in a row. Shares of CarMax have been bucking the negative trend, and are down only 4.4% over the last month. It’s not that cheap, however. CarMax has a forward P/E of 19.5. Will CarMax be a beneficiary of the tariffs on foreign cars? 4. Fastenal Co. (FAST) Fastenal is coming off a rare earnings miss last quarter. That was only the second earnings miss over the last 5 years. Shares of Fastenal, a bellwether for manufacturing, are down 11% in the last month. It’s not cheap. Fastenal trades with a forward P/E of 33.5. A P/E over 30 is seen as being expensive. What will Fastenal tell us about the tariffs and impacts on the manufacturing and construction industries? 5. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) JPMorgan Chase has a great earnings surprise track record. This big bank has beat 10 quarters in a row. Shares of JPMorgan Chase finally came off the recent all-time highs, falling 10.5% in the last month. JPMorgan Chase is still attractively priced for a bank, with a price-to-book (P/B) ratio of just 1.8. A P/B ratio under 2.0, for a bank, is considered attractive. What are the big banks, like JPMorgan Chase, seeing in this economy right now? Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Fastenal Company (FAST) : Free Stock Analysis Report Constellation Brands Inc (STZ) : Free Stock Analysis Report CarMax, Inc. (KMX) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Exxon (XOM) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock? Medical supplies distributor McKesson is Wednesday's pick for IBD 50 Growth Stocks To Watch.  McKesson stock is off a recent high and back in a buy zone.  McKesson stores and distributes pharmaceuticals and wholesale medical supplies to pharmacies and hospitals. Morgan Stanley (MS) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations. CEO Bill Newlands said the business needed to “evolve” its “approach in alignment with our company's mission and values”. The earned wage access provider lodged a lawsuit against the state after it was notified of alleged lending violations. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for KMX's fiscal fourth-quarter earnings and revenues is pegged at 64 cents per share and $5.97 billion, respectively. It would be an understatement to say the stock market’s performance since President Donald Trump announced global tariffs last Wednesday has been unnerving.  Stocks surged Wednesday after Trump paused tariffs above 10% on most countries for 90 days, but uncertainty and market volatility are likely to continue. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
