Title: Bill Ackman’s public campaign to sway Trump on tariffs
Date: 2025-04-08 19:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bill-ackmans-public-campaign-to-sway-trump-on-tariffs-191206320.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Bill Ackman’s public campaign to slow down the rollout of President Trump’s tariffs continued Tuesday as the billionaire again took to social media to advocate for a pause. The hedge fund manager who runs Pershing Square Holdings (PSHZF) and backed Trump during the 2024 campaign said he was "totally supportive" of using tariffs to eliminate unfair trading practices and bring more manufacturing to the US. But he asked for a "30, 60, or 90-day pause before the tariffs are implemented tomorrow to enable negotiations to be completed without a major global economic disruption that will harm the most vulnerable companies and citizens of our country." Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet Trump thus far is not showing signs of listening, at least when it comes to China. The White House confirmed that President Trump will follow through on a threat to add a 50% tariff on Chinese goods, in addition to 34% reciprocal tariffs, raising the overall tariff rate on Chinese goods to 104%. A broader negotiation push is taking shape before new comprehensive US duties across 185 countries go into effect on Wednesday. "China also wants to make a deal, badly, but they don’t know how to get it started," Trump wrote on social media Tuesday. "We are waiting for their call." No Wall Street billionaire has been more public with his views on Trump’s tariffs than Ackman, who this past Sunday urged caution in a series of posts on X. He called the April 9 launch of "reciprocal" tariffs a "mistake," asked for a 90-day pause, and warned of "a self-induced, economic nuclear winter." The comments were notable because of how optimistic Ackman was in 2024 as Trump was elected to his second term. Appearing on CNBC as Trump visited the New York Stock Exchange in December, Ackman predicted "the most pro-growth, pro-business, pro-American" administration in his adult lifetime. Several other billionaires this week offered warnings of their own as the magnitude of what Trump proposed became apparent, with heightened odds of a recession. JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon said in his annual shareholder letter Monday the Trump administration’s new tariffs would produce short-term inflation and "slow down growth." BlackRock (BLK) CEO Larry Fink on Monday said stocks could go down another 20% and that "most CEOs I talk to would say we are probably in a recession right now." Citadel founder Ken Griffin said on Monday that the tariffs are a “huge policy mistake.” Some have even targeted Trump’s aides in their remarks. Home Depot founder Ken Langone, a big GOP donor, told the Financial Times that the president had been “poorly advised by his advisers about this trade situation.” Ackman also had some pointed criticisms of those around Trump before pulling those comments back. He called out US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, alleging in a post that because Lutnick’s firm, Cantor Fitzgerald, is more heavily invested in bonds, Lutnick carries an “irreconcilable conflict of interest” and profits when “our economy implodes.” But Ackman pulled back on that personal jab the following morning. “It was unfair of me to lash out at Howard Lutnick. I don’t think he is pursuing his self interest," he said in another post. “I am just frustrated watching what I believe to be a major policy error occur,” he added in the same post. Kevin Hassett, the director of Trump's National Economic Council, had something to say about Ackman in a Fox News interview Monday: "I would urge everyone, especially Bill, to ease off the rhetoric a little bit." David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance The Trump tariff turmoil triggered new signs of stress on Wall Street, from a freeze in IPOs to a pause in bond sales to a widening of credit spreads. A stock market rally evaporated on Tuesday as the White House announced further tariffs on China. WASHINGTON/BEIJING (Reuters) -The United States said on Tuesday that 104% duties on imports from China will take effect shortly after midnight, even as the administration of President Donald Trump moved to quickly start talks with other trading partners targeted by sweeping tariffs.  S&P 500 companies have lost $5.8 trillion in stock market value since Trump's tariff announcement last Wednesday, the deepest four-day loss since the benchmark was created in the 1950s, according to LSEG data. Sign up for The Morning Brief, Yahoo Finance's flagship newsletter. President Trump's tariffs raised the question: Amid the market sell-off, would mortgage rates come down? Apparently not. Mortgage rates are rising alongside Treasury yields. One of the many challenges facing markets in recent days is a lack of clarity on exactly what President Trump is negotiating as he pushes forward with his trade war. Shares of U.S. health insurers jumped on Tuesday after a bigger-than-expected increase in the government's reimbursement rates for Medicare Advantage plans in 2026 signaled some relief for a sector burdened with steep medical costs.  Shares of Medicare-focused insurer Humana led gains with a nearly 15% jump in premarket trading, while other health insurers including UnitedHealth Group, Centene and CVS Health advanced between 5% and 9%.  The "best-case scenario" rates, coupled with rising tariff risk, make health insurance stocks a strong relative safe haven, Baird Research analysts said in a note to clients. The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. A deluge of cheap, imported shrimp tanked the economies of small shrimping towns like Bayou La Batre in southern Alabama. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
