Title: Trump tariffs take effect hiking trade levies to a 100-year high
Date: 2025-04-09 11:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-tariffs-effect-hiking-trade-112735537.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) — President Donald Trump’s so-called reciprocal tariffs are now in place, dealing a thunderous blow to the world economy as he pushes forward efforts to drastically reorder global trade. Trump’s latest tariffs push levies imposed on China this year to as high as 104%, along with import taxes on roughly 60 trading partners that run trade surpluses with the US. That comes after a 10% baseline tariff for most US trading partners took effect Saturday. The moves raise tariffs to their highest level in more than a century. China announced retaliatory measures at 7 p.m. Beijing time, raising tariffs on US goods from 34% to 84% from April 10, according to a statement. Treasuries extended their selloff, with 30-year yields soaring briefly above 5%, and Asian shares and European shares fell in Wednesday trading. US futures fell sharply after China announced retaliation. Markets had remained volatile throughout the US day Tuesday, rallying as Trump previewed negotiations with South Korea, then reversing as the administration affirmed plans to move ahead with its massive China tariffs. Subscribe to the Bloomberg Daybreak podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen.​​​​​​ Asian countries are bearing the brunt of the measures, with Cambodia facing 49% and Vietnam 46%. Imports from the European Union will be taxed at a 20% rate. “The tariffs are on and the money is pouring in at a level that we’ve never seen before, and it’s going to be great for us. It’s going to be great for other countries. We’ve been ripped off and abused by countries for many years,” Trump said Tuesday at a White House event. In the hours before implementation — at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday in Washington — the White House insisted the duties were indeed coming, squelching market speculation for any last-minute reprieve. US levies on China now include previous 20% levies tied to fentanyl trafficking, a 34% “reciprocal” tariff derived from a calculation based on the bilateral trade balance, and an additional 50% duty Trump announced after Beijing said it would respond by taxing US exports to China. The president welcomed appeals from US allies who want him to lower their rates, saying Tuesday that teams from Japan and South Korea were en route to hammer out agreements. Trump hosted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier this week for talks, while Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni will travel to Washington next week. “We’re doing very well in making, I call them tailored deals, not off-the-rack,” Trump said. “It’s been amazing what’s happened. Sometimes you have to mix it up a little bit.” Still, risks to the world economy abound with Trump’s approach. China has been defiant in the face of Trump’s tariffs, declaring plans to “fight to the end.” The escalation in tensions makes any imminent call between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping less likely and the latest comments raised the risk of a prolonged trade war between the world’s two largest economies. Xi’s No. 2, Li Qiang, said his country has ample policy tools to “fully offset” any negative external shocks in the wake of Trump’s tariffs. Other economic powers are striking back as well. In Canada, a 25% counter-tariff to the auto tariffs Trump imposed on his northern neighbor last week also took effect a minute after midnight. In Europe, both France and Germany are pushing for a tougher response. The White House has been on defense since last week when Trump unveiled his latest tariff plan. Trump argues that the taxes will boost US prosperity and revive domestic manufacturing, but his approach has drawn criticism from Wall Street, economists and some in Trump’s own party, who have questioned the administration’s methodology and warned of an economic fallout that could include higher consumer prices and slower growth, if not a recession. “Whose throat do I get to choke if this proves to be wrong?” Senator Thom Tillis, a North Carolina Republican facing a competitive reelection race next year, asked during a congressional hearing Tuesday. He was one of a number of lawmakers voicing anxiety as constituents see their retirement funds fluctuate. Speaking to US Trade Representative Jamieson Greer, Tillis also asked if voters will feel results from the tariffs in about a year. “I wish you well, but I am skeptical,” he said. Greer told lawmakers: “We will have the president’s plan going into effect and we’re coupling that with immediate negotiations with our partners.” Since Trump’s announcement, the administration has offered mixed messages on the path forward. Some have said the tariffs will unlock talks that see other countries lower barriers on US exports, and perhaps result in Trump reducing his rates as well. But White House trade adviser Peter Navarro has repeatedly pushed back on the notion Trump is merely using tariffs as a negotiating tool. For Trump, who has long argued for tariffs as a solution for his trade grievances, this plan will reassert US power, revive domestic manufacturing and extract geopolitical concessions. Affected nations were rushing to win better terms and weighing their responses ahead of the April 9 deadline, while grappling with a process that many described as chaotic and opaque. A top Vietnamese official visited Washington for last-minute meetings seeking to blunt one of the highest tariff rates applied on any US partner. The nation has been engaging in urgent diplomacy and its representatives have conveyed to Trump administration officials that it is working to address a trade imbalance. Trump said Tuesday he spoke with the South Korean interim leader Han Duck-soo “about their tremendous and unsustainable Surplus, Tariffs, Shipbuilding” and “large scale purchase” of US liquid natural gas. He also discussed “their joint venture in an Alaska Pipeline, and payment for the big time Military Protection we provide to South Korea.” The US president described the discussion as a “great call” and posted on social media that “things are looking good.” South Korea said it’s seeking to cut a “big” trade deal with Washington, and that top commerce officials from both sides will handle detailed negotiations. Japan sent senior officials to Washington to lay the groundwork for tariff negotiations, following a call on Monday between Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shigeru Ishiba. On Wednesday, ministers kept urging the US to review its tariffs while a plunge in stocks and bonds prompted officials from the central bank and the finance ministry to hold a meeting to soothe frayed nerves. EU officials were working on next steps after the US president rejected a proposal to drop tariffs on bilateral trade in industrial goods, saying Monday that it was not enough to reset the trading relationship. A series of Wall Street executives criticized the plan this week, including JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon, who in his annual shareholder letter Monday called for a quick resolution to trade policy uncertainty and warned against a potentially “disastrous” fragmentation of America’s long-term economic alliances. Also expressing concerns in a litany of social media posts was Bill Ackman, the founder of Pershing Square Capital Management and a Trump supporter. He later said he was supportive of the tariff strategy, but called for a pause before the reciprocal duties took effect. While Trump’s aides have offered a chorus of support for the tariffs, some tensions among his team have started to show. Tesla Inc. (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk, who advises Trump, called Navarro a “moron” in a social media post after Navarro called him a “car assembler” rather than a car manufacturer. White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt dismissed the clash, saying “boys will be boys.” Long-promised tariffs on pharmaceutical drugs will be announced “very shortly,” he told Republicans in Washington Tuesday. Other threatened sectoral tariffs include on lumber and semiconductor chips. And Trump is set to further escalate his trade war with China in the coming months, with the White House announcing late Tuesday a plan to increase planned tariffs even further on small parcels from mainland China and Hong Kong that had previously been exempt from taxes. All of this, the president and his administration have repeatedly promised, will lead to a future boom, both economically for the US and politically for his party. “We’re going to win the midterm elections, and we’re going to have a tremendous, thundering landslide,” Trump told Republican lawmakers and donors Tuesday. “I really believe that.” —With assistance from Laura Davison, Malcolm Scott, Jennifer A. Dlouhy, James Mayger, Soo-Hyang Choi, Jasmine Ng and Yoshiaki Nohara. (Updates with China retaliation) More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. In this podcast, Motley Fool analysts Ron Gross, Asit Sharma, and Jason Moser discuss earnings, acquisitions, partnerships, and tariffs.  To catch full episodes of all The Motley Fool's free podcasts, check out our podcast center. Better-than-expected financial results led to BYD stock’s jump.  Tesla, run by CEO Elon Musk, is expected to make almost $1.4 billion in the equivalent quarter.  Tesla delivered about 337,000 vehicles, down 13% year over year. When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
