Title: JPMorgan CEO Dimon expects recession and defaults, urges quick trade talks in Fox Business interview
Date: 2025-04-09 12:50
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorgan-ceo-dimon-expects-recession-125051848.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results By Nupur Anand and Suzanne McGee NEW YORK (Reuters) -JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said on Wednesday that sweeping tariffs imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump will probably lead to a recession and defaults by borrowers, he told Fox Business’ "Mornings with Maria" program. "So long as you have rates going up ... inflation is sticky and credit spreads are gapping out, which they're going to, I think you'll see more credit problems," Dimon said. Dimon urged fast progress on trade negotiations with U.S. trading partners in order to calm markets, which have been roiled by tariff announcements. "I hope what they really do is ... get those things done quickly," he said, referring to trade negotiations between U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent and other nations. "If they want to calm down markets, show progress on those things." Dimon, 69, is one of the most prominent voices in corporate America and has regularly been consulted by administrations during times of crisis. His name was floated for senior economic roles in government during the 2024 presidential campaign, including Treasury secretary, but he stayed put at the bank. "I'm taking a calm view, but I think it could get worse if we don't make some progress here," Dimon said. JPMorgan's economists raised the risk of a U.S. and global recession this year to 60% from 40% after Trump unveiled the trade barriers. The longest running CEO of a large bank also said that IPOs were being canceled amid market volatility. "The bad part of these volatile markets is... what it does to the capital markets and the ability of companies to raise money. So IPOs are being canceled, a couple of hung deals out there in the high-yield land, bridge loans, and that just slows everything down," he said. Even before Trump's latest tariff announcement, new U.S. tariffs and worries about trade contributed to a 13% decline in U.S. mergers and acquisitions in the first quarter, Dealogic data compiled for Reuters showed. "Volatile markets generally are good for our capital markets business, but they're generally not good for equity issuance," Dimon added. In some cases, clients overseas have shunned the U.S. lender in favor of banks closer to home. "We've lost a couple of bond deals already," Dimon said. "They simply say that, you know, we'd rather just do this with a local bank than with a U.S. bank." U.S. stock indexes opened mostly lower on Wednesday, then rebounded, after China announced more levies on U.S. goods, retaliating to President Donald Trump's reciprocal tariffs that took effect earlier in the day. The world's second largest economy would impose additional tariffs of 84% on all U.S. goods from April 10, up from the 34% previously announced, China's finance ministry said. Dimon also said that the economy is facing considerable turbulence and tariffs will have lasting negative consequences in his annual letter published on Monday. (Reporting by Nupur Anand in New York and Suzanne McGee in Providence, editing by Lananh Nguyen and Nick Zieminski) TORONTO (Reuters) -CEOs of Canadian oil and gas producers said on Tuesday they are seeking to avoid making abrupt decisions about spending or production, as global oil prices hit four-year lows and recession fears grow.  Canada, the world's No. 4 oil exporter, was spared the Trump administration's broad global tariffs on April 2 but faces U.S. tariffs on steel and cars.  "My suspicion is that most companies will work to invest through this cycle, though I would also say that in price downturns, this industry does a really good job of shedding costs," said Jon McKenzie, CEO of oil sands producer Cenovus Energy, in an interview in Toronto. High levels of uncertainty will make it tough for investors to figure out when stocks have bottomed WASHINGTON (AP) — House Speaker Mike Johnson found himself in a familiar jam on Tuesday: Conservative Republican holdouts are stalling action on President Donald Trump's "big” bill of tax breaks and spending reductions, refusing to accept a Senate GOP budget framework approved over the weekend because it doesn't cut enough. The commodity-linked Canadian dollar strengthened by the most in nearly three months against its U.S. counterpart on Wednesday as a sudden reversal by the U.S. on tariffs bolstered the outlook for the global economy.  The loonie was trading 1.2% higher at 1.4095 per U.S. dollar, or 70.95 U.S. cents, its biggest advance since January 20.  U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower new tariffs on many countries, even as he raised them further on imports from China. LONDON (AP) — The British government has refused to rule out nationalizing the last plant in the U.K. that makes steel from raw materials as the global trade war increases pressure to preserve the nation’s ability to supply domestic industry with the steel it needs. WASHINGTON (Reuters) -U.S. Federal Reserve policymakers were nearly unanimous at their meeting last month that the U.S. economy faced risks of simultaneously higher inflation and slower growth, with some policymakers noting that "difficult tradeoffs" could lie ahead for the central bank, according to the minutes of the meeting.  The March 18-19 session was held in the wake of initial Trump administration tariff plans that raised uncertainty about the economic outlook and led participants to favor a "cautious approach" that could opt to keep interest rates higher for longer if inflation were to persist, or cut rates if a weakening economy needed more immediate attention.  "Participants assessed that uncertainty around the economic outlook had increased, with almost all participants viewing risks to inflation as tilted to the upside and risks to employment as tilted to the downside," according to the minutes, which were released on Wednesday. HALIFAX — The head of Scotiabank says Canada needs a "growth-first agenda" as the country finds itself at a crossroads. LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, a potential 2028 White House candidate, stood awkwardly in the Oval Office as President Donald Trump signed executive orders and assailed his political opponents on Wednesday, not long after she delivered a speech nearby that offered soft criticism of him but emphasized shared priorities. BEIJING (AP) — China said Tuesday it would “fight to the end” and take countermeasures against the United States to safeguard its own interests after President Donald Trump threatened an additional 50% tariff on Chinese imports. Conservative leader Pierre Poilievre's proposal would bring the total TFSA annual contribution limit to $12,000 Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
