Title: Trump Ally Marjorie Taylor Greene Bought Tesla, Amazon, Blackstone Before Rally
Date: 2025-04-15 18:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-ally-marjorie-taylor-greene-184112118.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene sold US Treasuries and bought stakes in Amazon.com Inc., Blackstone Inc. and Tesla Inc. the day before President Donald Trump put a 90-day pause on retaliatory tariffs and prompted a market rally. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing Greene, the Georgia Republican who’s a close ally of Trump, revealed the transactions in a financial disclosure last week. Greene’s trades were executed over two days, April 8 and 9. On the morning of the 9th, Trump posted on social media that it was a “great time to buy.” About four hours later, he announced he was suspending tariffs, propelling the S&P 500 index to a 9.5% gain, its biggest rally since 2008. Greene’s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Greene, one of the first lawmakers to file a disclosure since Trump announced his tariffs, is an active trader in stocks, filing eight disclosures so far this year. She’s been particularly bullish on the semiconductor and tech industries. Her sale of Treasuries, though, was the first time she’s sold after buying more than $500,000 of the government-backed securities since the beginning of 2025. Congressional Democrats have urged investigations into whether people connected to Trump profited from the timing of the tariff announcements. In a letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said she did not know which officials may have had advance knowledge, but called it “unconscionable” that insiders may have profited from the market volatility. The disclosure reports only require members to list values of transactions in broad ranges, and do not contain specific times of execution or cost basis, so it’s unclear precisely how many of Greene’s trades happened before Trump broke the news of the tariff pause. But at least $11,011 to $165,000 in purchases came on April 8. As of 11:20 a.m. Tuesday in New York, shares of Blackstone, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Tesla traded higher than at any point on that day. Over the two days, her stock purchases totaled $21,021 to $315,000. She sold $50,001 to $100,000 of US Treasuries on April 8. Among the other names in Greene’s purchases were chipmakers Nvidia Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Qualcomm Inc., along with apparel companies Lululemon Athletica Inc. and Nike Inc. (Updates with Greene’s trading history in fifth paragraph) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. We recently published a list of the 11 Best Penny Stocks to Invest in Under $1. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ChargePoint Holdings Inc. (NYSE:CHPT) stands against other penny stocks to invest in under $1. Earlier on February 12 this year, Chief Investment Officer at Cetera Financial Group, […] Nvidia on Tuesday said it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips.  Nvidia's AI chips have been a key focus of U.S. export controls as U.S. officials have moved to keep the most advanced chips from being sold to China as the U.S. tries to keep ahead in the AI race.  After those controls were implemented, Nvidia began designing chips that would come as close as possible to U.S. limits. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. These 10 stocks performed the best over the past 10 years. Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise... A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market. Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds. Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
