Title: JP Morgan, Houlihan Lokey lead M&A advisory rankings in North America for Q1 2025
Date: 2025-04-16 11:41
URL: https://www.privatebankerinternational.com/news/jp-morgan-houlihan-lokey/?.tsrc=rss

JP Morgan took the leading position in terms of deal value by advising on transactions totalling $127.3bn. JP Morgan and Houlihan Lokey have emerged as the leading mergers and acquisitions (M&A) financial advisers in North America for the first quarter of 2025, according to GlobalData’s latest financial advisers league table. This ranking evaluates financial advisers based on the value and volume of M&A transactions they have facilitated. 
                                The gold standard of business intelligence.
                             
                                    Find out more
                                    



 According to GlobalData’s Deals Database, JP Morgan secured its top position in terms of deal value, advising on transactions worth a total of $127.3bn. Houlihan Lokey led in deal volume, successfully advising on 54 transactions during the same period. GlobalData lead analyst Aurojyoti Bose said: “Both JP Morgan and Houlihan Lokey were the top advisers by value and volume in Q1 2024 and retained their respective leadership positions in Q1 2025 as well. Houlihan Lokey was the only adviser to have advised on more than 50 deals during Q1 2025. Meanwhile, JP Morgan was among the only two advisers that managed to surpass the $100bn mark in total deal value during the review period, but still it was comfortably ahead of the firm occupying the second position by value. “More than half of the deals advised by JP Morgan during Q1 2025 were billion-dollar deals* and involvement in these big-ticket deals helped it secure the top position by value. During Q1 2025, it advised on 25 billion-dollar deals that also included four mega deals valued more than or equal to $10bn.” The analysis further indicates that Goldman Sachs ranked second in terms of value, advising on $110.9bn worth of deals, followed by Morgan Stanley with $89bn, Citi with $76.5bn, and Barclays with $66.7bn. In terms of deal volume, JP Morgan held the second position with 43 transactions, followed by Goldman Sachs with 36 deals, Morgan Stanley with 31 deals, and Piper Sandler with 25 deals. GlobalData’s league tables are based on the real-time tracking of thousands of company websites, advisory firm websites and other reliable sources available on the secondary domain. A dedicated team of analysts monitors all these sources to gather in-depth details for each deal, including adviser names. To ensure further robustness to the data, the company also seeks submissions of deals from leading advisers.   
                The gold standard of business intelligence.
             

                    Find out more
                    



 Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.  




                                                                                                                                Private Banker In Brief                                                                                                                         


 




                                                                                                                        Private Banker International : Private Banker International Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        


 




                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        


 


                                                    I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance with  Privacy Policy

 View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network. 
 
				Powered by
				
 © Verdict Media Limited 2025 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.  As part of GlobalData's extensive network of websites, this site is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation,  personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services.  Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessiblehere.

We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.  We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website. 

By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’. 