Title: Bond Rebound Relieves Markets Dazed by Week of Trade Turmoil
Date: 2025-04-14 21:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bond-market-rebound-relieves-markets-200910752.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Wall Street on Monday finally caught a respite from the deep selloffs and unusually sharp swings that have raced through markets ever since President Donald Trump unleashed his global trade war. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? The Secret Formula for Faster Trains Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage That was most evident in the Treasuries market. US government bonds rebounded from a five-day selloff that last week sent 10-year yields surging by the most in over two decades and fanned fears that an accelerating exodus from the securities would push the financial system toward a crisis. The relief — however fleeting it may turn out to be — was echoed in the equity market, where major indexes saw modest gains after Trump extended a temporary tariff exemption to imports of smartphones and other electronics and did nothing new to accelerate his conflict with China. “No news is good news in this environment,” said Adam Phillips, managing director of investments at EP Wealth Advisors. “We’re not saying the bottoms are in — we’re hopeful they are — but things can flare up at any time. One press conference or post on X could spark new headwinds,” he said. “We’re not in the clear yet.” The bond market’s recovery pulled down the benchmark 10-year Treasury rate by about 12 basis points to 4.37% as bonds advanced across maturities. That drop eased concerns that built last week, when a steady rise in yields threatened to deal the economy another hit by pushing up the cost of all kinds of loans. There was speculation it could worsen as Trump undermines confidence in US policy, with some speculating that the Federal Reserve would potentially need to step in. But yields had risen so much — and so quickly — that by Monday some on Wall Street were seeing it as a chance to buy, especially since bonds will likely gain if the economy stalls and the Fed resumes cutting interest rates rates. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent moved to tamp down concerns about the market in an interview with Bloomberg Television Monday, saying he has tools to steady it, like buybacks, if needed. He also said there’s no evidence that overseas governments are selling their stockpiles of Treasuries. JPMorgan Asset Management’s Bob Michele, the global head of fixed income, said in an interview on Bloomberg Television that Treasuries may have hit bottom. Barclays Plc said five-year bonds were attractive given the “downside risks.” “You do appreciate some of the stability in the market,” Vishal Khanduja, head of broader fixed-income markets at Morgan Stanley Investment Management. “These yield levels are compelling for a country that is going into a slower growth environment at best.” There remains little doubt that Trump’s shifting tariff policies are poised to exert a major drag on the economy by keeping businesses in wait-and-see mode and dampening the confidence of consumers. And Wall Street traders dazed by the rapid-fire reversals in the previous seven days since Trump’s tariff reveal said they have no confidence that the volatility is over with. The VIX Index — which is known as the fear gauge — remains higher than it was on April 2, even though it has pulled back sharply from recent peaks. A similar gauge for the Treasury market points to continued volatility ahead. And the 10-day realized volatility on the S&P 500 remains at the highest since the early days of the pandemic. By recent standards, though, the swings on Monday were far less jarring than last week, when the S&P 500 swung more than 10% in a single session. The S&P 500 ended the day up 0.8% after paring its gains late in the trading day. “What we’ve experienced over the last couple of weeks is it feels like the administration is trying to get its footing on its international trade policy in real time,” said Keith Buchanan, senior portfolio manager at Globalt Investments. “We’re all trying to figure out what the heck is going on.” --With assistance from Michael Mackenzie and Isabelle Lee. (Updates to include reference to Bessent interview in ninth paragraph.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. A new analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston found that Americans are right to expect the costs of tariffs to be reflected in their receipts. Trump wants low interest rates, but his own tariffs are pushing them higher. Investors now fear some unorthodox scheme to force rates down that could end up even worse than tariffs. South Korea announced on Tuesday an increase in its support package for the country's vital semiconductor industry to 33 trillion won ($23.25 billion), up about a quarter from a 26 trillion won package unveiled last year.  The measures come in response to calls on the government to expand support at a time of growing policy uncertainty under the current U.S. administration and rising competition from Chinese rivals, the government said in a statement.  South Korea's decision to pump more money into its key chips sector is designed to help companies cope with heavier costs as they compete globally, it said. Allegro had said in March that a sweetened $35.10 per share offer from Onsemi was "inadequate", just a few months after the smaller chip firm turned down a $34.50 a share proposal.  "We have decided to withdraw our acquisition proposal given the reluctance of Allegro’s Board of Directors to fully engage and explore our proposal," Onsemi CEO Hassane El-Khoury said. The Brisbane-based firm, which operates 27 Taco Bell outlets in Australia, said it was in talks with the parent of the Mexican food brand to transfer the business to new ownership.  "If a new operator cannot be identified and/or an agreement cannot be reached, other exit options will be explored," Collins Foods said.  In December, the quick-service restaurant operator posted a 2% drop in revenue from Taco Bell for the first half of fiscal 2025, as it struggled to compete with key Mexican food rival Guzman y Gomez. Hertz said the incident may have resulted in personal data being impacted.  The company said Cleo Communications, a vendor that provides file transfer services, experienced an incident where hackers exploited zero-day vulnerabilities within its platform in October and December.  The affected data could include customers' contact, credit card and driver's license information, Hertz said in a notification on its website, adding that a small number of those may have had their social security or passport information impacted as well. Leaders at PepsiCo have agreed to meet this week with civil rights advocates from the National Action Network to discuss the company's recent decision to roll back some of its diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, the Reverend Al Sharpton said on Monday.  In an April 4 letter to PepsiCo CEO Ramon Laguarta, Sharpton threatened to lead a boycott against the company.  PepsiCo — one of the largest food and beverage companies in North America whose brands include Gatorade, Lay’s potato chips, Doritos, Mountain Dew as well as Pepsi — told employees in February that the company will no longer set goals for minority representation in its managerial roles or supplier base. A listed version of Systematica Investments' flagship hedge fund is down roughly 19% this year, as some trend-following strategies have struggled to navigate the market turmoil caused by the new U.S. trade policies.  The Schroder Gaia BlueTrend fund, which invests in rates, equities, currencies and commodities, is a listed version of Systematica's flagship BlueTrend hedge fund.  The firm, with $17 billion in assets under management, is led by Leda Braga, BlueCrest Capital's former president and head of Systematica trading. Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming. The firm lays out how the S&P 500 could break out above its current trading range between 5,000 and 5,500. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
