Title: BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after stock traders post record haul
Date: 2025-04-15 11:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bofas-moynihan-says-we-potentially-face-a-changing-economy-after-stock-traders-post-record-haul-112048249.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Bank of America (BAC) and Citigroup (C) reported first quarter increases in profits and revenue driven by robust trading results, becoming the latest big banks to benefit from the market volatility triggered by the start of President Trump’s tariff rollout in February and March. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan acknowledged in a statement Tuesday that "we potentially face a changing economy in the future" — a nod to the uncertainties ahead as some of Trump's more aggressive tariffs are still in question — but he also told analysts the bank's research team doesn't see a recession happening in 2025. US consumers, according to the bank's data, keep "pushing money into the economy" and the lender's business clients "remain profitable, liquid and have strong results." "We continue to watch for signs the environment [is] actually changing," Moynihan added. Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser also nodded to Trump's trade war in her Tuesday earnings statement, noting that "when all is said and done, and longstanding trade imbalances and other structural shifts are behind us, the U.S. will still be the world’s leading economy, and the dollar will remain the reserve currency." At Bank of America, total sales and trading revenue for the country's second-largest bank rose 9% from the year-ago period to $5.66 billion, its highest quarterly haul in more than a decade. Bank of America's revenue just from trading equities was up 17% to $2.2 billion, its highest ever for one quarter. Citigroup's sales and trading revenue rose 12% from the year-ago period to $6 billion, with Citi also notching its highest quarter ever for equity trading. JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Goldman Sachs (GS), and Morgan Stanley (MS) also reported jumps in trading amid market volatility during the first quarter. Together, the big five banks on Wall Street pulled in nearly $37 billion on that front. At the same time, some banks showed a slight pullback in investment banking, as companies became more cautious about new deals amid the uncertainties surrounding Trump’s trade policies. Those fees at Bank of America fell 3% from the year-ago period to $1.52 billion. Read more: How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility However, Citigroup reported that its investment banking fees rose 13.6% from the year-ago period to $1.1 billion. Its total profits and revenue also rose from a year ago to $4 billion and $21.6 billion, exceeding analyst expectations. Total profits for Bank of America were $7.4 billion. That figure was 11% higher than a year ago and exceeded what analysts expected. The stocks of Bank of America and Citigroup both rose in Tuesday morning trading. Bank of America CFO Alastair Borthwick told reporters, "Our research team at this point doesn't believe we'll see a recession, and our clients continue to show encouraging signs." "Our research team are still calling for modest growth," he added. "They've talked about the fact that they think that some of the uncertainty may lead to a slowdown in the economy before it picks back up, but that would be very similar to things like the blue-chip consensus at this point, and similar to what Chairman Powell has said" — referring to Fed Chair Jerome Powell. But there were signs that Bank of America expects credit conditions to worsen. It set aside $1.48 billion in credit provisions for potential future losses, more than 12% more than it set aside a year ago. Borthwick walked analysts through a comparison of the bank's balance sheet now as compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, a tumultuous period following a housing crash and financial crisis that severely tested Bank of America and the rest of the US banking system. He told analysts that Bank of America's capital base and liquidity have increased significantly since the end of 2009, and stress test results indicate significantly lower credit losses expected in a severe downturn. The changes made since that time, Moynihan said, allow the bank to "stand tall in times of stress." Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance (Bloomberg) -- As China staggers into a slowdown caused by Donald Trump’s trade war, a hobbled jobs market is impairing the resilience Beijing needs to battle it out against the US.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageTrump’s 145% tariffs on China’s goods are threatening to One of the biggest two-day sell-offs in stock market history saw investors pile into the stock market earlier this month. U.S. Treasury yields will fall, according to bond strategists polled by Reuters who say an economic slowdown in the wake of President Donald Trump's erratic and sweeping tariffs on trading partners will eventually compel the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates.  Their optimism on Treasury market performance comes as inflation expectations surge, creating hesitancy among Fed policymakers on rate cuts, and as nearly half of survey respondents said they were concerned about the market's safe-haven status.  A searing sell-off last week driven by hedge funds unwinding large leveraged bets pushed up the benchmark 10-year Treasury yield by more than 70 basis points to a near two-month high of 4.59%. Trump wants low interest rates, but his own tariffs are pushing them higher. Investors now fear some unorthodox scheme to force rates down that could end up even worse than tariffs. BAC's Q1 earnings gain from solid equity trading income, higher NII and decent advisory and debt underwriting performance amid higher provisions and expenses. That comes at the expense of drugstores, department stores, mass merchandisers and even specialty beauty retailers, per TD Cowen. Recent announcements of sweeping tariffs have wreaked havoc on the stock market, wiping out trillions in market value of the many companies that rely on parts, materials and finished goods that are... Here are historical mortgage rates since 1971. Seeing home interest rates over time can help you understand today’s rates and decide if it's a good time to buy a house. Lucid is on track to launch its midsize electric SUV in 2026, company executives said on Tuesday, as the EV maker looks to tap an increasingly competitive segment dominated by rival Tesla's bestselling Model Y crossover.  Lucid is not immune to the Trump administration's tariffs but is working to mitigate its effects, interim CEO Marc Winterhoff told Reuters. (Bloomberg) -- Investor sentiment regarding economic prospects is the most negative in three decades, yet fund managers’ pessimism isn’t fully reflected in their asset allocation which could mean more losses for US stocks, a Bank of America Corp. survey shows.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage$15 Million F Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
