Title: If Wall Street CEOs See a Recession, Their Guidance Isn’t Showing It—Yet
Date: 2025-04-13 14:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/a210e7d6-6628-344d-820b-9ed20c4629cc/if-wall-street-ceos-see-a.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo and Morgan Stanley reported solid earnings results, while BlackRock posted another quarter of record assets. In a pleasant surprise for investors—who in some cases were expecting market-sensitive firms to dial down their earnings forecasts—the companies left their outlooks largely unchanged. Uncertainty abounds. Citi joined a string of brokerages, including Goldman Sachs and BofA, in slashing their benchmark index target below the 6000 mark.  Citi's current year-end target stands at 5800, below its previous estimate of 6500, while it also cut the index's earnings-per-share(EPS) projection to $255 from $270. Media outlets are navigating heightened distrust and a slew of legal challenges with a retrial of the former Alaska governor’s case kicking off Monday. Paul and  Emily Ross  have a little over $2 million in their retirement accounts, and spending it down won’t require a dollar in taxes.  Paul, 51, has talked to his four boys about the benefits of Roth accounts, and he has done the same as a guest speaker at a high-school economics class.  “I consider myself a Roth evangelist.” The current US air traffic control system is under strain, seeing more tarmac delays year after year, and a slew of high-profile plane crashes in the past year. Former US Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao says the US still has "the safest system in the world" and is "considered the gold standard" for aviation, but does admit that technological changes need to keep up with the times. National Business Aviation Association President and CEO Edward Bolen agrees that the US "needs to invest in people, facilities and equipment so they can respond in a dynamic way." Heather Krause of the GAO breaks down ways to mitigate air travel risk. Tariff exemptions for smartphones, PCs, and the other tech products announced by the White House on Friday are only temporary, says Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick.  Appearing on ABC's This Week, Lutnick said Sunday that those products are going to be part of the semiconductor sector tariffs, which are going to be announced in the coming week.  "They're exempt from the recriprocal tariffs but they're included in the semiconductor tariffs, which are coming in probably a month or two," Lutnick said. The world of cryptocurrencies is new, innovative and ever changing. Depending on the cryptocurrency, if you got in on the ground floor, there's a good chance that you've seen a sizable return on... Can HOAs really do that? TOKYO (Reuters) -Japan must strengthen the yen, such as by helping boost the country's industrial competitiveness, as the currency's weakness has pushed up households' living costs, the ruling party's policy chief said on Sunday.  Ahead of trade talks with the U.S., Itsunori Onodera, chair of the Liberal Democratic Party's Policy Research Council, also said Japan should not intentionally sell its U.S. Treasury holdings, the largest outside the United States, in retaliation against tariffs levied by President Donald Trump.  "As a U.S. ally, the government shouldn't think about intentionally using U.S. Treasury holdings," Onodera told a programme on public broadcaster NHK, rejecting an opposition lawmaker's suggestion that Tokyo use its huge holdings of U.S. government debt as a negotiating tool in bilateral trade talks. If you have a tax-deferred retirement savings account such as a 401(k), taking earlier or larger withdrawals than required won't directly reduce future mandated distributions. However, since pulling money out now will likely reduce the future balance of your 401(k), it could indirectly reduce the size of the compulsory distributions. That's because these obligatory withdrawals […] The post Do 401(k) Withdrawals Before I Turn 73 Count Toward My RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is there a downside to taking your pension on a monthly basis vs. taking a lump sum? The monthly payments would be higher than the return I would get on the lump sum. – Claudette There are certainly some downsides of taking monthly pension payments instead of a lump sum. But that doesn't necessarily mean […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is There a Downside to Taking a Monthly Pension vs. Lump Sum? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
