Title: Is BAC Stock a Buy Before Q1 Earnings as Tariffs Stoke Recession Fear_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 13-42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bac-stock-buy-q1-earnings-134200907.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
One of the biggest banks in the United States, Bank of America BAC, is scheduled to announce first-quarter 2025 results on April 15 before the opening bell.   Among BAC’s close peers, JPMorgan JPM is slated to report on April 11 and Citigroup C on April 15. Stay up-to-date with all quarterly releases: See Zacks Earnings Calendar.  Bank of America’s fourth-quarter performance was solid, driven by impressive capital markets performance and growth in net interest income (NII). This time, the company’s performance will likely be decent. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter revenues of $26.74 billion suggests 3.6% year-over-year growth.  In the past seven days, the consensus estimate for earnings for the to-be-reported quarter has been revised 1.3% upward to 81 cents. This indicates a 2.4% decline from the prior-year quarter, as rising provisions for credit losses, higher operating expenses and muted capital markets performance are likely to have hampered BAC’s bottom-line growth.
Estimate Revision Trend
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Bank of America has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company’s earnings outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in each of the trailing four quarters, with the average beat being 5.80%.
BAC Surprise History
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
NII: In the first quarter, the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged at 4.25-4.5%. This is likely to have offered some support to Bank of America’s NII as the funding/deposit costs stabilized. However, an uncertain macroeconomic backdrop because of Trump’s tariff plans is likely to have resulted in a decent lending scenario. Per the Fed’s latest data, the demand for commercial and industrial, real estate and consumer loans was modest in the first two months of the quarter. Hence, BAC is expected to have witnessed a modest rise in loan demand. Similarly, JPMorgan and Citigroup are likely to have recorded a marginal improvement in loan demand.  BAC expects NII (fully tax equivalent) to be between $14.5 billion and $14.6 billion for the quarter.   The Zacks Consensus Estimate for NII of $14.42 billion suggests a 2.8% year-over-year increase. Our estimate for NII is $14.38 billion.  Investment Banking (IB) Fees: Global mergers and acquisitions (M&As) in the first quarter of 2025 were less impressive than previously expected. While deal value and volume rose marginally during the quarter, this was majorly led by the Asia Pacific region. The year started on an extremely positive note with the expectations of robust IB performance on the back of the Trump administration being business-friendly and the likelihood of tax cuts and deregulations.   However, none of these materialized, and the rebound fizzled as ambiguity over the tariff and ensuing trade war resulted in extreme market volatility. These developments have led to economic uncertainty, with data indicating a slowdown in the U.S. economy and mounting inflationary pressure. Hence, amid such a backdrop, companies started rethinking their M&A plans despite stabilizing rates and having significant investible capital. So, Bank of America’s advisory fees are likely to have recorded a marginal rise.  Also, the IPO market saw signs of cautious optimism, given the market volatility and geopolitical challenges. Further, the subdued equity market performance led to weak activity in follow-up equity issuances. Bond issuance volume was subdued for similar reasons. Therefore, BAC’s underwriting fees (accounting for almost 40% of total IB fees) are expected to have recorded a modest increase during the to-be-reported quarter.  The Zacks Consensus Estimate for IB income of $1.59 billion indicates a rise of 1.7% from the prior-year quarter. We expect IB income to be $1.71 billion.  Trading Income: Client activity and market volatility were solid in the first quarter. The uncertainty over the impact of tariffs on the U.S. economy and the Fed’s monetary policy drove client activity as investors shifted to safe havens. Further, volatility was high in equity markets and other asset classes, including commodities, bonds and foreign exchange. Hence, BAC is likely to have recorded a solid performance in trading revenues this time.  The Zacks Consensus Estimate for total sales and trading revenues of $4.89 billion suggests a 4.1% fall on a year-over-year basis. Our estimate for the metric is the same as the consensus estimate.  Expenses: While BAC managed expenses prudently in the past, expansion into newer markets by opening financial centers and efforts to digitize operations and upgrade existing financial centers are expected to have kept non-interest expenses elevated in the to-be-reported quarter.  Management expects non-interest expenses to be approximately $17.6 billion (including $0.6-$0.7 billion of seasonally elevated costs).  Our estimate for non-interest expenses stands at $17.63 billion.  Asset Quality: Bank of America is likely to have set aside a significant amount of money for potential delinquent loans, given the expectations of higher for longer interest rates and the impact of Trump’s tariffs on inflation.   Our estimate for provision for credit losses is pegged at $1.18 billion.  The Zacks Consensus Estimate for non-performing loans (NPLs) of $6.48 billion implies a 10.2% rise from the prior-year quarter. Also, the consensus estimate for non-performing assets (NPAs) of $6.52 billion suggests a 7.1% rise. Our estimates for NPLs and NPAs are pegged at $6.03 billion and $6.13 billion, respectively.
Our proven model predicts an earnings beat for Bank of America this time. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat. That is the case here, as you can see below.  Bank of America has an Earnings ESP of +1.29%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.  It carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
In the first quarter, BAC shares lost 5.1%, underperforming its close peers – JPMorgan and Citigroup. On the other hand, the stock outperformed the S&P 500 Index.
Q1 BAC Price Performance
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Let’s check out the value Bank of America offers investors at current levels. The stock is trading at a 12-month trailing price-to-tangible book (P/TB) of 1.35X. This is below the industry’s 2.31X. This shows that the stock is currently inexpensive.
Price-to-Tangible Book Ratio (TTM)
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Further, BAC stock is trading at a discount compared with JPMorgan, which has a P/TB of 2.37X. On the other hand, Citigroup has a P/TB of 0.68X, making it inexpensive compared with Bank of America.
The interest rate pressure that Bank of America has faced since 2023 has subsided to some extent, and risks surrounding deposit outflows have abated. Further, the industry-wide lending scenario is expected to be decent and the company will gain from the same.   The company’s aggressive branch expansion across the United States as part of a broader strategy to solidify customer relationships and tap into new markets will drive NII growth over time. BAC announced plans to open more than 165 new financial centers by 2026-end. This will also help capitalize on cross-selling opportunities over the long term. Further, it spends $13 billion annually on technology, of which almost $4 billion will be utilized for new technology initiatives this year.  Nonetheless, BAC continues to face adverse impacts from prolonged higher rates, leading to high deposit costs. Also, the volatile nature of the capital markets business is expected to make fee income growth challenging. Mounting operating expenses and weak asset quality are other headwinds. Additionally, Trump’s tariffs are likely to result in a rise in inflation, and several market participants have raised the expectation of recession in the coming days. This is worrisome for BAC. While Bank of America's prospects remain promising, investors should not rush to buy the stock. Those interested in adding it to their portfolios might be better off waiting until after the release of quarterly numbers for clarity and a potentially attractive entry point.  Those who already have the BAC stock in their portfolio can hold on to it because it is less likely to disappoint over the long term.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Independent Bank Corp. (INDB) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
As bank-earnings season begins Friday with JPMorgan, investors care more about the outlook than prior results.
GS is set to report first-quarter 2025 earnings. We assess the factors influencing its performance and how investors should play this stock now.
Innovation sessions, governance oversight and a clear focus on solving practical problems helped shape internal and customer-facing use cases.
Darren King will “drive strategy, cultivate talent and pursue growth” as Fifth Third pushes southeast, the bank said. He succeeds Kris Garrett, the lender’s retiring wealth and asset manager.
Windows users' data and computers could be at risk.
When stocks started tanking last week, investors in the biggest leveraged exchange-traded funds doubled down.  Investors plowed a net $3.4 billion into the ProShares UltraPro QQQ ETF from Thursday to Tuesday, according to FactSet, including a record high $1.8 billion on Monday alone.  The fund seeks to triple the daily performance of the Nasdaq-100 index, up or down.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on Tuesday approved Bristol Myers Squibb & Co’s (NYSE:BMY) Opdivo (nivolumab) plus Yervoy (ipilimumab) as a first-line treatment of adult and pediatric patients (12 years and older) with unresectable or metastatic microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) colorectal cancer (CRC). The approval comes ahead of over two months of the June 23, 2025, Prescription Drug User Fee Act goal date. The approval is based on the Chec
Anticipation is growing for Citigroup (NYSE: C) to release its first-quarter earnings on April 15.  The banking giant's shares have fallen 16% year to date as of this writing amid a stock market sell-off fueled by economic uncertainties and the looming effects of new trade tariffs.  Here are a few reasons why Citigroup shares could be a compelling addition to your portfolio now.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
