Title: Stocks Hit by Wild Volatility on US-China Threats_ Markets Wrap
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 21-16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asian-traders-brace-swings-us-224236671.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- Wild swings lashed Wall Street for a fourth straight session as back-and-forth trade threats between the US and China knocked down stocks, erasing an earlier rally that was the biggest since 2022. The S&P 500 fell 1.6%, leaving it on the brink of a bear market.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs
Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing
This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side
In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap
Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up
Hopes for a quick end to extreme volatility were dashed after a White House official said the US is moving forward with tariffs on China as high as 104% while Premier Li Qiang said his country has ample policy tools to “fully offset” negative external shocks. Long-term Treasury yields soared after a lackluster US sale of notes highlighted cracks in the haven status of government debt.
Tuesday’s slide extended the S&P 500’s drop since the president detailed worldwide levies last Wednesday to more than 12% and at one point pushed the gauge down 20% since its record close in February, though stocks bounced at that level. It was also another day of nearly unprecedented volume on US equity markets, with more than 23 billion shares changing hands.
Subscribe to the Stock Movers Podcast on Apple, Spotify and other Podcast Platforms.
“The volatility reflects the new situation in which no one knows what the rules of road are, or even what the desired destination is,” said Que Nguyen at Research Affiliates LLC. “Until investors reset expectations or those rules and goals are better understood, markets will continue these wild swings between hope and fear.”
Across world markets, investors have been gripped by concerns that something may break in the financial plumbing amid the cross-asset volatility, spurring speculation the Federal Reserve may need to speed up rate cuts to prevent a recession even with inflation jitters running rampant.
“The fundamental reason for the drawdown has been policy uncertainty - it’s functionally impossible to put in a bottom until that fundamental reason has been resolved, or at least until there is directional clarity on it,” said Scott Ladner at Horizon Investments.
Trump spent the final hours before his sweeping tariffs were set for full implementation lining up talks with key US allies, but hopes for a last-minute agreement with China appeared distant.
As foreign nations appeal to Washington for negotiations, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said there’s the potential for advantageous trade deals. Japan looks set to get priority in US tariff talks while Trump said prospects for a deal with South Korea were “looking good.”
“Tariffs go into effect tomorrow, so that’s the kickoff point of negotiation,” said Andrea DiCenso, co-portfolio manager of the Alpha Strategies Team at Loomis, Sayles & Co. “We’re just going to be living through a barrage of headlines, every single day, all day: Who did the administration meet with? What was the outcome? And then we go back and forth, and back and forth.”
As Trump’s trade war sent markets into a tailspin, Bank of America Corp. clients posted their fourth-biggest inflow into US equities on record last week: $8 billion.
Institutional clients, retail traders and hedge funds were all net buyers, strategist Jill Carey Hall wrote in a Tuesday research note.
Meantime, warnings from Wall Street strategists keep piling up on the dour outlook for stocks.
BlackRock Inc. strategists Jean Boivin and Wei Li downgraded US equities on Monday to neutral from overweight on a three-month horizon, saying they expect “more pressure on risk assets in the near term given the major escalation in global trade tensions.”
And a strategy team at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., including Peter Oppenheimer and Lilia Peytavin, said the equity selloff could well turn into a longer-lasting cyclical bear market as recession risks mount.
Key Events This Week:
Federal Reserve minutes, Wednesday
Fed’s Tom Barkin speaks, Wednesday
China PPI, CPI, Thursday
US CPI, jobless claims, Thursday
Fed’s Michelle Bowman’s nomination hearing in Senate for the position of vice chair for supervision, Thursday
Fed’s Austan Goolsbee, Patrick Harker, Lorie Logan, Jeff Schmid speak, Thursday
US PPI, University of Michigan consumer sentiment, Friday
Major banks reporting earnings include JPMorgan Chase, Bank of New York Mellon, Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo, Friday
Fed’s John Williams and Alberto Musalem speak, Friday
Some of the main moves in markets:
Stocks
The S&P 500 fell 1.6% as of 4 p.m. New York time
The Nasdaq 100 fell 2%
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.8%
The MSCI World Index fell 0.3%
Currencies
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell 0.2%
The euro rose 0.4% to $1.0955
The British pound rose 0.4% to $1.2772
The Japanese yen rose 1% to 146.29 per dollar
Cryptocurrencies
Bitcoin fell 2.8% to $76,752.34
Ether fell 6.7% to $1,465.6
Bonds
The yield on 10-year Treasuries advanced nine basis points to 4.27%
Germany’s 10-year yield advanced two basis points to 2.63%
Britain’s 10-year yield declined one basis point to 4.60%
Commodities
West Texas Intermediate crude fell 3.5% to $58.56 a barrel
Spot gold was little changed
This story was produced with the assistance of Bloomberg Automation.
--With assistance from Phil Kuntz, Robert Brand, Anand Krishnamoorthy and Aya Wagatsuma.
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
With markets crashing after U.S. President Donald Trump announced his latest tariffs, Citigroup’s banking head Viswas Raghavan called a global meeting of senior bankers on Monday and told them to get on the phone with their clients.  Raghavan's message was simple, according to one banker on the call: Stay close to clients because if you do not, a competitor will.  Raghavan told them to assure clients that Citi, which nearly collapsed during the 2008 financial crisis, had plenty of funds this time to weather the tariff storm, said the banker, one of two who recounted the call.
(Bloomberg) -- Sarah Wynn-Williams, a former Meta Platforms Inc. executive-turned-whistleblower, testified before Congress that the social media giant threatened US interests while cozying up to China — claims the company said are false. Wynn-Williams, who served as director of global public policy for the company until she left in 2017, told the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism on Wednesday that she witnessed executives undermining US national security. The testimony
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
