Title: Apple’s iPhone cost could rise 90% if it’s made in US, BofA says
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 17-43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-iphone-cost-could-rise-174342086.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) — It’s possible for Apple Inc. (AAPL) to move iPhone production to America, but it would almost double the cost of making the device while creating logistical headaches, according to Bank of America.
“iPhone cost can increase 25% purely on higher labor cost in the US,” BofA analysts led by Wamsi Mohan wrote in a note to clients on Wednesday.
While the tech giant can find domestic labor for assembly, a “significant portion” of parts used in manufacturing the iPhone would still be assembled in China and imported to the US, they added. Assuming Apple has to pay reciprocal tariffs on those imports, its total cost would rise 90% or more, they estimated.
The estimate comes as President Donald Trump zeros in on China for his trade fight. The Trump administration paused its reciprocal tariffs on dozens of countries for 90 days, but increased its duties on China to 125%. Meanwhile, China slapped 84% retaliatory levies on American goods.
Apple shares are soaring on the news, up more than 10% for their best day since July 2020. But the stock has taken a beating this year, losing 23%, and is down 14% since Trump’s tariff announcement on April 2, erasing $479 billion in market capitalization.
Rosenblatt Securities warned last week that levies could “blow up” the stock. And Wedbush’s Dan Ives, a long-time technology bull, cut his price target, noting that a tariff fight would be a “complete disaster” for the company. Meanwhile, fear of price increases spurred iPhone panic buying last weekend.
For Apple to make relocating its final assembly of iPhones to the US viable, it would need tariff waivers on components and sub-assemblies manufactured outside of the country, Mohan wrote. However, he doesn’t see this happening.
“Unless it becomes clear as to how permanent the new tariffs are, we do not expect Apple to take the step of moving manufacturing into the US,” said Mohan, who holds a buy rating and a $250 price target on the stock, which is currently trading above $190. “We do expect, however, that Apple will continue to diversify its supply chain, and also increase production of iPhones in other countries such as India.”
—With assistance from Ryan Vlastelica.
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
President Donald Trump is raising China’s tariff rate to 125% but also said he is considering excluding imports by some companies.
Apple has tried to appease the Trump administration to no avail. It has one move left: surcharges on iPhones, attaching them directly to the cost of tariffs.
Shares of the consumer tech giant Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) had blasted over 11% higher, as of 1:55 p.m. ET today, after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on higher tariff rates for most countries and a universal 10% tariff base during the pause, citing progress on negotiations, according to CNBC.  The rebound follows one of Apple's worst four-day stretches of trading since 2000.  President Trump's surprising tariff announcements last week sent Apple shares into freefall.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
It might not be as much as you think.
Earn 5% cash back on valuable Discover cash-back rotating categories like grocery stores, Target, gas stations, and Amazon.com.
Credit utilization is a big part of your credit score, and you should take steps to manage it well.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
