Title: BofA Launches 'Golf with Us' to Bring Affordable Rounds to More Than 50,000 Youth Nationwide
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 13-10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bofa-launches-golf-us-bring-131000640.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Young players can enjoy rounds for $5 or less and instructional opportunities through partnership with Youth on Course
CHARLOTTE, N.C. and MONTEREY, Calif., April 10, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America today announced the launch of Golf with Us, a new initiative designed to grow the next generation of golfers.
Golf with Us offers youth, ages 6-18, a free one-year membership to Youth on Course, courtesy of Bank of America. Enrollment in the program is open until May 24, 2025, and includes access to thousands of courses in 97 markets for $5 or less per round. The courses are in the Youth on Course network.
"When kids get involved in sports, they learn first-hand about achieving their goals and develop lifelong skills that help them thrive," said David Tyrie, President, Marketing, Digital & Specialized Consumer Client Solutions, Bank of America. "By working with Youth on Course to help make golf more accessible, we're helping grow the sport while also making a positive impact in our communities."
Through Golf with Us, BofA will also bring unique instructional opportunities to youth in select markets throughout the spring, summer and fall by hosting a series of free clinics featuring professional golfers, athletes and celebrities with a passion for golf.
Program membership also includes a registered handicap index in the United States Golf Association's Golf Handicap Information Network (GHIN) system, continued development as well as learning opportunities. Interested families can enroll in Youth on Course and learn more about the Golf with Us offer at BofA.com/GolfwithUs.
"Golf has the power to shape young lives in incredible ways - not just through the sport itself, but through the friendships, confidence and opportunities it creates," said Youth on Course CEO Adam Heieck. "Through this partnership with Bank of America, we're making it possible for more kids across the country to step onto the course and discover what's possible. This partnership is about more than just golf; it's about opening doors and changing futures."
Youth on Course and BofA recently announced a multi-year, strategic partnership to expand golf access across the country for young players who are challenged to find an affordable place to play. As part of the agreement, BofA is helping fund widespread expansion of municipal course locations participating in the program. To date, more than 2,000 courses are Youth on Course partners nationwide.
The bank will promote Golf with Us through a series of commercials beginning during the Masters Tournament. BofA serves as Champion Partner of the Masters Tournament and has partnered with the Augusta National Women's Amateur since 2019, hosting annual golf clinics for youth in the Augusta, GA area. In 2025, BofA became the presenting partner of the More Than Golf Invitational for female amateur golfers in partnership with the ANNIKA Foundation founded by golfing legend Annika Sorenstam. In addition, BofA has partnered since 2002 with the Latin America Amateur Championship and Asia-Pacific Amateur Championships.
Beyond its growing golf partnership portfolio, BofA also partners with iconic brands in sports that share a vision for excellence and achievement to deepen client relationships, inspire and showcase teammates, create lasting economic impact in communities, and drive growth, globally and locally, through the power of sport. To learn more, visit about.bankofamerica.com/en/making-an-impact/sports
Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving approximately 69 million consumer and small business clients with 3,700 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 58 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BAC).
Youth on CourseYouth on Course, a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization headquartered in Monterey, Calif., provides youth 18 and under access to life-changing opportunities through golf. Since its inception in 2006, Youth on Course members have played more than 4 million subsidized rounds of golf for $5 or less at thousands of partner courses throughout the United States, Canada, and Australia. Its members include the top juniors in the sport, competing on the AJGA and Underrated Tours, the inaugural United States Golf Association U.S. National Development Team, and all collegiate levels. The organization forges new pathways for youth to grow in the game via opportunities including the DRIVE Club, Careers on Course, Leadership Council, and its annual College Scholarship awards. The Youth on Course Alumni Network extends membership to those 19 and older, offering opportunities for young adults to connect at complementary events, access exclusive deals, and network with the top employers in the golf industry. Supporters can participate in various initiatives including the Youth on Course 100 Hole Hike, Vintage Cup and Online Auction to help fund golf access for youth. More information about Youth on Course can be found by visiting youthoncourse.org or Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, TikTok and X.
Reporters may contact:Andy Aldridge, Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.387.0514andrew.aldridge@bofa.com
Daniel Monroe, Youth on CourseBuffalo GroupePhone: 843.422.0682dmonroe@buffalogroupe.com

View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bofa-launches-golf-with-us-to-bring-affordable-rounds-to-more-than-50-000-youth-nationwide-302425385.html
SOURCE Bank of America Corporation
As bank-earnings season begins Friday with JPMorgan, investors care more about the outlook than prior results.
Honeywell International (HON) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.
Honeywell International (HON) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions may not translate into further price increase in the near term.
Netflix (NFLX) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
