Title: The Zacks Analyst Blog ServiceNow, Alphabet, NVIDIA and DXC
Date: 2025-04-15 11:44:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-analyst-blog-servicenow-alphabet-114400701.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Chicago, IL – April 15, 2025 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include ServiceNow NOW, Alphabet GOOGL, NVIDIA NVDA and DXC Technology DXC. ServiceNowshares have plunged 25.9% year to date, underperforming both the Zacks Computer & Technology sector and the Zacks Computers – IT Services industry’s decline of 14.4% and 18.9%, respectively. NOW shares have suffered from a worsening macroeconomic environment following U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to levy tariffs on trading partners, including China and Mexico. The company’s federal business is expected to suffer from DOGE related issues. ServiceNow expects unfavorable forex impact of roughly $175 million for 2025 and back-end loaded federal business is expected to hurt the growth rate. ServiceNow’s strategy to accelerate the adoption of its Agentic AI by foregoing immediate revenues is expected to affect the subscription revenue growth rate in 2025. So, what should investors do with NOW stock? Let’s dig deep to find out. ServiceNow has strengthened its portfolio with the launch of the Yokohama platform. The update brings new AI agents across varied domains, including CRM, HR and IT, delivering enhanced productivity as well as smoother and smarter functioning of workflows. The Yokohama platform update is expected to help ServiceNow continue winning clients. ServiceNow is extensively leveraging AI and machine learning technologies to boost the potency of its solutions. A rich partner base that includes the likes ofAlphabet, Amazon, Microsoft andNVIDIAis noteworthy. In January, ServiceNow and Alphabet’s Google Cloud expanded their partnership, under which the former will bring its Now Platform and a full suite of workflows to customers on Google Cloud Marketplace. ServiceNow will also make its Customer Relationship Management, IT Service Management and Security Incident Response solutions available on Google Distributed Cloud. NVIDIA and NOW collaborated to launch AI agents for the telecom industry. The AI agents were built with NVIDIA AI Enterprise software and the AI platform NVIDIA DGX Cloud. Last month, ServiceNow expanded its partnership with NVIDIA to enhance agentic AI by integrating NVIDIA Llama Nemotron reasoning models and AI agent evaluation tools into the ServiceNow Platform for optimized business transformation. DXC Technologyand ServiceNow have collaborated to introduce DXC Assure BPM (Business Process Management), which combines DXC Technology’s insurance expertise and scale with ServiceNow’s single platform and data model. ServiceNow has been actively pursuing acquisitions this year. Early this month, the company announced plans to buy ServiceNow announced its plan to acquire Logik.ai, a leading provider of AI-powered Configure, Price, Quote solutions. In late February, NOW announced the acquisition of the Quality 360 solution from Advania to enhance its strength in the manufacturing industry. The buyout of Moveworks boosts NOW’s agentic AI offerings. For the first quarter of 2025, subscription revenues are projected between $2.995 billion and $3 billion, suggesting an improvement of 18.5-19% year over year on a GAAP basis. At cc, subscription revenues are expected to grow in the 19.5-20% range. Unfavorable forex is expected to hurt revenues by $40 million. Sequentially, these figures imply modest revenue growth. Subscription revenues improved 21.2% year over year, on a reported basis, to $2.866 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024. On a cc basis, revenues increased 21% to $2.859 billion. For 2025, NOW expects subscription revenues to be $12.635-$12.675 billion, which suggests a rise of 18.5% to 19% from 2024 on a GAAP basis and 19.5% to 20% on a non-GAAP basis. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2025 earnings is pegged at $16.23 per share, down by a penny over the past 30 days, indicating a 16.59% increase over 2024’s reported figure. NOW’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the trailing four quarters, the average surprise being 7.02%. Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar. The consensus mark for 2025 revenues is pegged at $13 billion, suggesting growth of 18.39% over 2024’s reported figure. ServiceNow stock is overvalued, as suggested by the Value Score of F. In terms of the forward 12-month Price/Sales, NOW is trading at 11.86X, higher than the sector’s 5.34X. Technically, ServiceNow stock is displaying a bearish trend as it is trading below both the 200-day and the 50-day moving averages. ServiceNow’s robust GenAI portfolio and strong partner base are expected to drive its clientele, boosting subscription revenues. However, unfavorable forex amid a challenging macroeconomic environment is a concern. NOW stock’s stretched valuation makes the stock unattractive for value investors. ServiceNow currently has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell), which implies that investors should stay away from the stock for the time being. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of+48.4%, +50.2%and+56.7%per year. Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation. See Stocks Free >> Note: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weeklyEarnings TrendsandEarnings Previewreports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, pleaseclick here>>> Media Contact Zacks Investment Research 800-767-3771 ext. 9339 support@zacks.com https://www.zacks.com Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss.This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance  for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report DXC Technology Company. (DXC) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research In the closing of the recent trading day, ServiceNow (NOW) stood at $799.82, denoting a +1.8% change from the preceding trading day. ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW) stock is moving higher in Tuesday's trading.  The software specialist's share price was up 1.9% as of 2:30 p.m. ET, and been up as much as 3.1% earlier in the day.  Two investment firms updated their valuation forecasts for ServiceNow today and lowered their respective price targets on the stock. We recently published a list of the 10 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ServiceNow, Inc. (NYSE:NOW) stands against other machine-learning stocks. Grand View Research reported that the global machine-learning market was valued at $36.73 billion in 2022. It’s now expected to […] We came across a bullish thesis on ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) on Substack by Compounding Your Wealth. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on NOW. ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW)’s share was trading at $785.67 as of April 11th. NOW’s trailing and forward P/E were 114.86 and 47.85 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. ServiceNow (NOW) continues to […] (Bloomberg) -- Japan’s Fair Trade Commission ordered Alphabet Inc.’s Google to stop alleged abuse of its market power over local smartphone manufacturers, just ahead of high-stakes trade negotiations with the US this week.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fi Japan’s antitrust regulator instructed Alphabet’s Google to stop what it said are anticompetitive practices involving mobile search services, its first order against a U.S. technology giant. Google will require European crypto ads to follow MiCA rules, raising compliance hurdles for smaller exchanges. Japanese regulators on Tuesday accused U.S. tech giant Google of violating anti-monopoly laws, echoing similar moves in the U.S. and Europe.  Google Japan said in a statement that it found the action “regrettable.”  It said it has invested in Japan significantly to promote innovation as a technology leader. Trump cheered Nvidia's $500 billion commitment to build artificial-intelligence supercomputers in the U.S. early Tuesday. "This is very big and exciting news," the president wrote in a post on Truth Social. Which of the "Magnificent Seven" stocks has the most generative artificial intelligence (AI) patents?  You might think it's a company like Microsoft, which has developed extensive generative AI capabilities for its popular products, or Nvidia, which develops the chips that make AI technology possible.  Based on The Motley Fool's latest research, Alphabet has 631 different generative AI patents -- second most among U.S. companies and a far greater number than any of its big-tech counterparts. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.