Title: 2 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy Hand Over Fist in April
Date: 2025-04-11 14:15
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/11/2-warren-buffett-stocks-to-buy-hand-over-fist-in/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=3153b4db-c82e-4443-b50b-957ae6c50fe3&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
In times of uncertainty, investors turn to areas of relative certainty, and one such area is Warren Buffett's mastery of investing when others are fearful. Consequently, it makes sense to look into what Buffett is holding in hisBerkshire Hathaway(BRK.A1.18%)(BRK.B1.48%)investment portfolio. Here are two stocks worth looking at now.
Buffett was widely reported to bebuilding up a large cash pilein 2024,and he has expressed someskepticism about tariffs. If you want to gain market exposure at such a challenging time, why not buy into Berkshire Hathaway stock and let Buffett carry the strain while you wait for more certainty on the fallout from the tariff escalations?
After all, it's a strategy that would have worked out for investors over the past year, as well as more extended time frames.

BRK.Adata byYCharts
For example, over the last 10 years.

BRK.Adata byYCharts
Or even over the last 30 years.


BRK.Adata byYCharts
While Buffett won't live forever, his successor, Greg Abel, has been at Berkshire Hathaway for 25 years, and it's  a safe assumption that he's played a pivotal role in key investment decisions made by the company.
One of those decisions is Berkshire Hathaway's stockpiling of more than $330 billion in cash at the end of 2024 -- a decision that appears incredibly prescient now. The secret to Buffett's investing success isn't just being an outstanding stock picker; it's also knowingwhento be a stock picker, and the stockpiling of cash in 2024 wasn't luck.
According to its SEC filings, Berkshire Hathaway held 400 million shares inCoca-Cola(KO1.57%)at the end of 2024. It's one of Berkshire's largest positions, and its 9% increase in 2025 contributed toBerkshire'ssimilar increase over the same period. Its nearly 3% dividend yield doesn't harm the investment case for the stock either.
Naturally, investors will be concerned about Coca-Cola's exposure to tariffs and trade wars, but fortunately, the company is relatively well-positioned. Its end products are more consumer staples than consumer discretionary products. Moreover, as CEO James Quincey outlined on the fourth-quarter earnings call in February, there are several reasons to believe Coca-Cola will be in good shape.
Image source: Getty Images.
First, Quincey noted: "We are predominantly a local business when it comes to making each of the beverages. The vast majority of everything that's consumed in the U.S. is made in the U.S." He added, "While it's a global business, it's very local." This localization of production, where consumption takes place, means the company isn't suffering from tariffs in the way that, say, a company manufacturing in Mexico and exporting into the local market in the U.S. will.
Second, while Coca-Cola does have exposure to increased packaging costs associated with aluminum tariffs, Quincey told investors in February that packaging is just "a small component" of its cost structure. The increase in aluminum cost would not be "insignificant," but according to Quincey, it's manageable. In addition, the increase in aluminum costs is also likely to impact its competitors, and Coca-Cola has the scale to absorb cost increases by taking other measures.
Third, demonstrating the last point above, Quincey argued that Coca-Cola could shift marketing and distribution focus toward polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles instead of aluminum. This isn't something all its competitors will be able to do.
All told, Berkshire Hathaway and Coca-Cola, one of its largest holdings, look like pretty good stocks to buy in the current environment. They both have Buffett's seal of approval, which counts for a lot in uncertain times.



Before you buy stock inCoca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCoca-Colawasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $495,226!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $679,900!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is796% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to155%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025


Lee Samahahas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/14/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends