Title: What Meta stands to lose if the FTC wins
Date: 2025-04-16 09:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-stands-lose-ftc-wins-090000922.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
In a blockbuster antitrust trial that’s just getting underway, the Federal Trade Commission is making its case that Meta (META) abused its social-networking dominance as part of a “buy or bury” strategy to squash emerging threats.
There are several key questions in the FTC’s case against Facebook’s parent company, including whether Meta is as dominant as regulators say in the TikTok era, and if social media is actually worse off today because of Facebook’s alleged ploy to neutralize its competitors. Facebook acquired Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014, and the social networking giant also tried and failed to buy Snapchat (SNAP) in 2013, before copying its marquee feature — stories. Earlier still, Facebook tried to buy Twitter, and former CEO Jack Dorsey reportedly considered the deal over fears that Facebook could retaliate by copying it.
As the courts turn over these stones and more, just what’s at stake for Mark Zuckerberg’s social media empire if the FTC manages to win? An awful lot, considering that Meta’s market cap is now roughly $1.3 trillion.
If the FTC is able to win the case, “I do think the most likely remedy will be some kind of divestiture or a breakup,” Rebecca Allensworth, an antitrust law expert and Vanderbilt University’s associate dean for research, told Quartz. “And so Meta stands to lose Instagram, WhatsApp, or both.” But Allensworth cautioned that this is a big “if.”
“I don’t think it’s obvious that they’re going to succeed, but they may very well do so,” she said.
So, Meta could be forced to unwind its Instagram and WhatsApp acquisitions — but what would that actually mean for its advertising business today?
“There’s a lot at stake for Meta; it could lose up to half of its ad business,” said Jasmine Enberg, vice president and principal analyst at eMarketer. The research firm expects Instagram alone to represent 50.5% of Meta’s U.S. ad revenue this year, and a forced sale or spinoff could hold back Meta’s ability to grow later on.
“Instagram has been picking up the slack for Facebook on the user front for a long time, especially among young people,” said Enberg. “And while Meta is massive and Facebook is still the largest social platform worldwide,” Meta needs Instagram to keep growing, Enberg added, as Gen Z and younger users “turn to social media for the first time.”
Enberg explained that the broader social media landscape has changed drastically since Facebook snapped up Instagram in 2012, when Snapchat had just launched and Tiktok didn’t even exist yet. Today, she said, user behavior is more fragmented, with people turning to many different apps throughout the day. “And,” she added, “the social platforms also compete with non-social players, such as entertainment providers.”
While plenty of apps with social features are now tussling for users’ eyeballs, Enberg said, “On the business side of things, it’s still incredibly consolidated toward Meta, particularly if you’re looking at social ad spending alone.” EMarketer projects that 72.5% of all social ad spending in the U.S. will go to Meta in 2025.
Much of that has to do with Instagram, but WhatsApp is also a huge asset for Meta. Though the chat app does not host ads, Meta has looked to business messaging to diversify its revenue, said Enberg. Plus, WhatsApp’s base of several billion users gives Meta “massive reach, as well as some data to help support its ad business,” she added.
The high stakes in this case extend well beyond Meta, said Prasad Krishnamurthy, a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who studies financial regulation and antitrust law. “The remedy that the government is seeking, which is to break up the company, is a pretty substantial remedy that would change not just the experience for consumers, but it really would change the whole communication ecosystem of our culture,” he said. “I think it’s fair to say [that] this is an enormous case.”
But will a Meta breakup actually come to pass? In a statement over email, Hightower Advisors’ chief investment strategist Stephanie Link said her “base case is a settlement.” Link added that Meta has already capitulated to President Trump in a number of ways, including by shuttering its professional fact-checking and diversity efforts, and paying the president $25 million after kicking him off Instagram and Facebook.
Citing the competition Meta faces from TikTok and earlier developments in the case, Link ultimately said she sees “no change to [Meta’s] 20% revenue growth and 40% operating margin story. It trades now at 19x forward P/E and has declined 30% from recent highs – which is when I started to buy. And will continue.”
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Mark Zuckerberg last month offered to pay $450 million to settle an antitrust case brought by the FTC—far less than the $30 billion demanded by the agency.
The FTC wanted $30 billion to drop its case. Zuckerberg offered much less and hoped Trump would back him up.
The Meta Platforms CEO testified that his company had legitimate business reasons for acquiring Instagram more than a decade ago.
Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified this week at a high-stakes trial in Washington where the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is seeking to unwind Meta's acquisitions of prized assets Instagram and WhatsApp.  Zuckerberg in 2018 floated the idea of spinning off Instagram amid mounting pressure on Big Tech from antitrust regulators, in a sign of how seriously he took the threat of precisely the type of claims Meta now faces.  Seeking to explain messages in which he worried that Instagram was a competitive threat, Zuckerberg said the app's camera was simply better than camera features Meta had developed.
Is McDonald's strong growth strategy enough to overcome near-term challenges? Let us take a closer look.
Zacks.com users have recently been watching Shopify (SHOP) quite a bit. Thus, it is worth knowing the facts that could determine the stock's prospects.
(Bloomberg) -- Technology stocks sank as new US government restrictions on the export of Nvidia Corp. chips to China and a disappointing report from ASML Holding NV fanned trade war concerns, wiping out $155 billion in market value for the two companies alone.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsNvidia fell as much as 7.1% in US premarket t
President Donald Trump's import tariffs have been the big subject for investors in recent weeks, with any new announcement guiding the market's direction.  The Magnificent Seven stocks led gains in the Nasdaq Composite last year, but today, these tech players are pushing the index lower amid concerns about how Trump's tariffs will impact them.  Each Magnificent Seven player is likely to be impacted to a certain degree, but my prediction is one particular stock is the safest of the bunch during the tariff turmoil.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.