Title: Meta Platforms (META) Declines More Than Market: Some Information for Investors
Date: 2025-04-15 21:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-platforms-meta-declines-more-214515559.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Meta Platforms (META) ended the recent trading session at $521.52, demonstrating a -1.87% swing from the preceding day's closing price. The stock fell short of the S&P 500, which registered a loss of 0.17% for the day. Elsewhere, the Dow saw a downswing of 0.39%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq depreciated by 0.05%.
The social media company's shares have seen a decrease of 12.14% over the last month, not keeping up with the Computer and Technology sector's loss of 6.26% and the S&P 500's loss of 3.94%.
Analysts and investors alike will be keeping a close eye on the performance of Meta Platforms in its upcoming earnings disclosure. The company's earnings report is set to go public on April 30, 2025. In that report, analysts expect Meta Platforms to post earnings of $5.22 per share. This would mark year-over-year growth of 10.83%. Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenue is projecting net sales of $41.27 billion, up 13.2% from the year-ago period.
Regarding the entire year, the Zacks Consensus Estimates forecast earnings of $24.85 per share and revenue of $186.33 billion, indicating changes of +4.15% and +13.27%, respectively, compared to the previous year.
Investors should also pay attention to any latest changes in analyst estimates for Meta Platforms. These latest adjustments often mirror the shifting dynamics of short-term business patterns. Consequently, upward revisions in estimates express analysts' positivity towards the company's business operations and its ability to generate profits.
Our research suggests that these changes in estimates have a direct relationship with upcoming stock price performance. To take advantage of this, we've established the Zacks Rank, an exclusive model that considers these estimated changes and delivers an operational rating system.
The Zacks Rank system, stretching from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has a noteworthy track record of outperforming, validated by third-party audits, with stocks rated #1 producing an average annual return of +25% since the year 1988. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 2.96% lower. Meta Platforms is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.
Valuation is also important, so investors should note that Meta Platforms has a Forward P/E ratio of 21.39 right now. This expresses a discount compared to the average Forward P/E of 25.15 of its industry.
One should further note that META currently holds a PEG ratio of 1.19. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. As the market closed yesterday, the Internet - Software industry was having an average PEG ratio of 1.91.
The Internet - Software industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. At present, this industry carries a Zacks Industry Rank of 68, placing it within the top 28% of over 250 industries.
The Zacks Industry Rank is ordered from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.
Don't forget to use Zacks.com to keep track of all these stock-moving metrics, and others, in the upcoming trading sessions.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
The FTC wanted $30 billion to drop its case. Zuckerberg offered much less and hoped Trump would back him up.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other machine-learning stocks. Grand View Research reported that the global machine-learning market was valued at $36.73 billion in 2022. It’s now expected to […]
The Meta Platforms CEO testified that his company had legitimate business reasons for acquiring Instagram more than a decade ago.
Fred Alger Management, an investment management company, released its “Alger Spectra Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter, changing trade, monetary, and fiscal policies created increased volatility in U.S. stocks. The introduction of advanced artificial intelligence (AI) models from China was a further […]
We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential. On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on […]
One of the rare Wall Street analysts who is bearish on Meta Platforms further cut his price target for the stock, saying the Facebook parent company is "starting to look vulnerable to a growth slowdown."  BNP Paribas Exane analyst Stefan Slowinksi cut his price target for Meta stock to 448 from a previous 505 in a client note late Tuesday.  Slowinski initiated coverage of Meta with the sell-equivalent call nearly 12 months ago.
Companies that don't recognize that the people central to running the business "are already diverse" may miss out on opportunities to excel, Lisa Brummel said.
Alphabet (GOOGL) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.