Title: The price Mark Zuckerberg wasn't willing to pay to halt Meta's antitrust trial
Date: 2025-04-16 15:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-price-mark-zuckerberg-wasnt-willing-to-pay-to-halt-metas-antitrust-trial-153134257.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Meta (META) CEO Mark Zuckerberg hoped to avoid a high-stakes antitrust trial playing out this week in Washington, D.C., but he wasn't willing to pay the price US antitrust cops wanted.
He and the Federal Trade Commission encountered stratospheric differences on what it would take to settle a case seeking the breakup of Zuckerberg's empire, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal.
In March, Zuckerberg offered the head of the FTC $450 million, according to the Wall Street Journal, well short of the $30 billion demanded by the FTC. He eventually increased it to $1 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal, but FTC boss Andrew Ferguson wouldn't accept anything lower than $18 billion.
The revelations about Zuckerberg's attempts to settle with the Trump administration add a new layer of drama to the legal battle between the social media giant and the FTC, which alleges Meta became a monopoly in the market for "personal social networking" by buying up potential rival social media startups such as Instagram and WhatsApp.
Meta's Facebook acquired Instagram in 2012 for $1 billion and WhatsApp in 2014 for $19 billion. The FTC reviewed and approved the purchases but now wants a judge to force Meta to divest both of them.
Zuckerberg and his top aides made multiple visits to the White House to meet with President Trump and administration officials before the trial began. Zuckerberg also made two visits to the president's private Mar-a-Lago club. And Meta donated $1 million to Trump's inaugural fund.
Trump, according to the Wall Street Journal, did ask staff to work on a potential settlement. But Ferguson and the Justice Department's antitrust chief, Gail Slater, persuaded Trump to support their recommendation to proceed to trial.
This week in court, the FTC wasted no time laying out evidence against Zuckerberg by calling the CEO as its first trial witness.
Instagram became the FTC's central topic as prosecutors confronted Zuckerberg with his past emails.
In a 2012 email, Zuckerberg told Facebook's then-CFO, David Ebersman, that purchasing Instagram and other startups could be viewed as a way for Facebook to buy time.
"Even if some new competitor springs up, buying Instagram, Path, Foursquare etc. now will give us a year or more to integrate their dynamics before anyone can get close to their scale again," Zuckerberg wrote, according to an account of the testimony reported by Bloomberg.
Zuckerberg agreed under questioning by the FTC's attorney that buying Instagram was intended to "neutralize a competitor," but he added that the purchase was also meant to boost Facebook's quality and functionality.
​​"I read this as talking about incorporating the functionality and staying ahead in terms of quality. But scale is one aspect of that, and time is one aspect of that," Zuckerberg testified, according to Bloomberg.
"It's not accurate to say that the only reason we were interested was the scale or growth rate, which I think that your question is implying."
Zuckerberg testified that he had previously considered spinning off Instagram as Big Tech antitrust scrutiny intensified, according to a 2018 memo that surfaced Tuesday.
"I wonder if we should consider the extreme step of spinning Instagram out as a separate company," Zuckerberg said in the memo.
Zuckerberg is scheduled to continue testifying Wednesday.
A spin-off of Instagram would deal a major blow to Meta's bottom line. The app drove $32 billion in US ad revenue for Meta in 2024, representing 48.4% of its total ad revenue, according to Emarketer.
"We haven't been shy about explaining why it doesn't make sense for the FTC to bring a case to trial that requires it to prove something every 17-year-old in America knows is absurd — that Instagram doesn’t compete with TikTok," a Meta spokesperson said.
"We are prepared to win at trial."
Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X @alexiskweed.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
The Trump administration plans to eliminate the IRS' Direct File program, an electronic system for filing tax returns directly to the agency for free, according to two people familiar with the decision.  The program developed during Joe Biden's presidency was credited by users with making tax filing easy, fast and economical.  The program had been in limbo since the start of the Trump administration as Elon Musk and the Department of Government Efficiency have slashed their way through the federal government.
Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified this week at a high-stakes trial in Washington where the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is seeking to unwind Meta's acquisitions of prized assets Instagram and WhatsApp.  Zuckerberg in 2018 floated the idea of spinning off Instagram amid mounting pressure on Big Tech from antitrust regulators, in a sign of how seriously he took the threat of precisely the type of claims Meta now faces.  Seeking to explain messages in which he worried that Instagram was a competitive threat, Zuckerberg said the app's camera was simply better than camera features Meta had developed.
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell suggested on Wednesday that hopes the central bank will step in to tamp down on market volatility are likely misplaced.  Asked if the Fed would intervene to counter sharp declines in the stock market, Powell said "I'm going to say no, with an explanation."  "What I think is going on in markets is markets are processing what's going on, markets are struggling with a lot of uncertainty and that means volatility," Powell said in an appearance in Chicago.
(Bloomberg) -- OpenAI is in talks to acquire Windsurf, an artificial intelligence-assisted coding tool formerly known as Codeium, for about $3 billion, according to a person familiar with the matter. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe deal would be OpenAI’s largest acquisition to date, and coul
(Bloomberg) -- United Airlines Holdings Inc. reassured investors worried about wobbly demand with a vow to make money even during a recession.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe company plans to control costs and keep its planes full, dialing back flying plans as needed to keep profits coming in
CEOs have warned on the economy because of Trump administration tariff policies. US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has a message for them all.
Mortgage applications for refinancing and purchases dropped last week after rates rose 20 basis points, reflecting market turbulence from President Trump's tariffs.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg gave thought to spinning off Instagram as US antitrust scrutiny intensified last decade, according to a memo surfaced Tuesday as Zuckerberg again took the stand to defend his company against claims that Meta illegally dominated social media.
Gold bumped the 'Magnificent Seven' tech stocks to take the top spot as a crowded trade, according to a BofA survey.
↗️ Goldman Sachs (GS): The Wall Street bank posted better-than-expected results, boosted by a surge in equities trading in the first quarter, which ended just before President Trump's sweeping tariffs.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.