Title: Mark Zuckerberg considered Instagram spin-off amid 'calls to break up' Big Tech
Date: 2025-04-15 21:04:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerberg-considered-instagram-spin-off-amid-calls-to-break-up-big-tech-210416345.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg gave thought to spinning off Instagram as Big Tech antitrust scrutiny intensified, according to a 2018 memo that surfaced Tuesday as Zuckerberg took the stand to defend his company against claims that Meta illegally dominated social media. "I wonder if we should consider the extreme step of spinning Instagram out as a separate company," Zuckerberg said in the memo shown on the second day of a trial pitting Meta against President Trump's Federal Trade Commission. "As calls to break up the big tech companies grow, there is a non-trivial chance that we will be forced to spin out Instagram and perhaps Whatsapp in the next 5-10 years anyway," Zuckerberg wrote in 2018 to other executives,according to Reuters. The FTC is now asking for D.C. federal district courtJudge James Boasbergas part of this new antitrust trial to force Meta (META) to sell off Instagram as well as its messaging service, WhatsApp. Instagram became a central topic for Zuckerberg as he spent his second day on the witness stand answering numerous questions from government prosecutors and being confronted with his past words and documents. In a 2012 email, Zuckerberg told Facebook’s then-CFO, David Ebersman, that a purchase of Instagram and other startups could be looked at as a way for Facebook to buy time. “Even if some new competitor springs up, buying Instagram, Path, Foursquare etc. now will give us a year or more to integrate their dynamics before anyone can get close to their scale again,” Zuckerberg wrote, according to an account of the testimonyreportedby Bloomberg. Zuckerberg agreed under questioning by the FTC’s attorney that buying Instagram was intended to “neutralize a competitor,” but he added that the purchase was also meant to boost Facebook’s quality and functionality. ​​“I read this as talking about incorporating the functionality and staying ahead in terms of quality. But scale is one aspect of that, and time is one aspect of that,” Zuckerberg testified, according to Bloomberg. “It’s not accurate to say that the only reason we were interested was the scale or growth rate, which I think that your question is implying.” Zuckerberg told the court that Facebook’s interest in Instagram was also tied to its struggle to build its own photo-sharing app. While the company was analyzing building versus buying a camera app, he said he thought Instagram was “better at that, so I thought it was better to buy them." "Building a new app is hard,” Zuckerberg testified, “and many more times than not when we have tried to build a new app, it hasn't gotten a lot of traction.” One legal expert who conducted a past Meta inquiry for Congress said he thinks Zuckerberg’s testimony will help the FTC overcome its major hurdles in this case. "To me, there is no question that they viewed Instagram as a competitive threat," said Slade Bond, former chief counsel to a House of Representatives antitrust subcommittee who helped lead a 2019 congressional inquiry into Meta and other Big Tech companies. He is now an attorney with Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca. Bond added that Zuckerberg testified that Facebook had to spend $1 billion to acquire the app because of its skyrocketing growth rate. Those email impressions are "not subtle," Bond said. "You have a young CEO in his late 20s, writing whatever he thinks to his senior leadership team at any given hour of the day, and now we're supposed to believe it's not true, which just doesn't follow." However, to win its case, the FTC must prove that at the time of the Instagram and WhatsApp acquisitions, Facebook operated in the "personal social networking" market, a subset of the broader social media market. And that has itschallenges in marketswhere there's no discrete price for services, according to Bond. “On the question of product market definition, this is just tough for courts, particularly in non-price markets,” Bond said. He explained that in order to prove that Facebook had a monopoly, the FTC will need to show that people use Facebook and Instagram as a specific kind of social media to connect with friends and family. Meta has argued that the FTC misidentified the market in which Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp compete because it left out TikTok, YouTube, X, and LinkedIn. Its lawyers have also noted that the FTC approved the Instagram and WhatsApp purchases more than a decade ago. "The evidence at trial will show what every 17-year-old in the world knows: Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp compete with Chinese-owned TikTok, YouTube, X, iMessage, and many others," a spokesperson for Meta said. A spin-off of Instagram would deal a major blow to Meta’s bottom line. The app drove $32 billion in US ad revenue for Meta in 2024, representing 48.4% of its total ad revenue,according to Emarketer. Judge Boasberg allotted roughly two months for both parties to present their cases, potentially stretching the proceedings into July 2025. Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X@alexiskweed. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance (Bloomberg) -- Oil fell for a second day as wider markets turned lower and expectations increased for a glut because of the escalating trade war between the world’s two biggest economies.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBrent crude traded near $64 a barrel, with West SYDNEY (Reuters) -Shares fell in Asia on Wednesday as AI darling Nvidia took a hit from U.S. curbs on chip sales to China, highlighting the damage to come in a tit-for-tat global trade war, while gold hit a record and the safe-haven currencies jumped.  Treasury yields were steady ahead of a key speech from Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell later in the day.  Traders are wondering if he will echo the surprisingly dovish tone set by his colleague Fed Governor Christopher Waller, or stay more balanced. Russia’s rouble has become the world’s best-performing global currency as Donald Trump’s tariff war upends financial markets. Here's why your water bill is going up. (Reuters) -ASML, the world's biggest supplier of computer chip-making equipment, said on Wednesday that tariffs were increasing uncertainty around its outlook for 2025 and 2026, but stood by its annual guidance as the race for AI rages on.  CEO Christophe Fouquet said his conversations with customers supported ASML's expectations that 2025 and 2026 would be growth years.  "However, the recent tariff announcements have increased uncertainty in the macro environment," Fouquet said in a statement. Nvidia on Tuesday said it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips.  Nvidia's AI chips have been a key focus of U.S. export controls as U.S. officials have moved to keep the most advanced chips from being sold to China as the U.S. tries to keep ahead in the AI race.  After those controls were implemented, Nvidia began designing chips that would come as close as possible to U.S. limits. Nvidia did not warn at least some major customers in advance about new U.S. export rules it was told about a week ago requiring it to obtain licenses to sell its China-focused artificial intelligence chip, according to two sources familiar with the matter.  The U.S. chipmaker disclosed on Tuesday that American officials had informed the company on April 9 that its H20 chip would require an export license for sales to China.  The move to restrict H20 shipments marks Washington's latest effort to limit China's access to advanced semiconductors, as the United States seeks to maintain its edge in AI technology. It's been a sea of red in Asia so far on Wednesday, with new U.S. moves turning up the heat in the trade war with China, but at least the losses have been relatively shallow compared with other down days of the past few weeks.  Washington issued new export licensing requirements for Nvidia's H20 and AMD's MI308 artificial intelligence chips to China.  Nvidia's shares slumped 6% in after-hours trading, after it said the move would cost $5.5 billion. It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.