Treasuries Rally as Fed’s Powell Focuses on Price Stability
2025-04-16 20-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/treasuries-rally-fed-powell-focuses-200030165.html?.tsrc=rss
(Bloomberg) -- US Treasuries rallied for a third day as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank will aim to prevent tariffs from leading to stickier inflation.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed
DOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on Leave
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
The five-year note led gains in the US government debt market on Wednesday, with yields down seven basis points to 3.9% as Powell said the central bank was “well positioned to wait for more clarity” on how President Donald Trump’s evolving trade policy impacts price pressures. The moves in yields accelerated as equities slumped more than 2%.
The “bond market is comforted by Powell’s sanguine outlook on funding conditions and reserve abundance, but the equity market is getting anxious as investors are looking for the Powell put — which is not there yet,” said Tracy Chen, a portfolio manager at Brandywine Global Investment Management. “There is no sense of urgency to act from Powell. He is in a wait-and-see mode given all the uncertainty in tariff standoff.”
The rally in bonds also followed a solid $13 billion sale of 20-year bonds, which was awarded at 4.81% compared with a 4.814% when-issued yield at the 1 p.m. New York time bidding deadline.
Earlier, data showed US retail sales rose substantially in March on a jump in car purchases and other goods such as electronics, suggesting consumers were scrambling to get ahead of tariffs.
In sharp contrast with the state of market a week ago, when Trump’s about-face on tariffs shook investors, futures volumes on Wednesday were well below recent levels. By about 3 p.m. New York time, Treasury contracts were running at about 60% of 20-day average, with SOFR futures at a similar level.
To Gregory Faranello, head of US rates trading and strategy for AmeriVet Securities, the Treasury market is now trading more cleanly than it was earlier in the month as the risk of global tariffs raised threats to the economy, undermining Treasuries’ reputation as the world’s safest asset.
“Positions feel better balanced, so back to a risk-off” market, he said. Faranello favors five-year notes “if the Fed is going to be reactionary versus preemptive.”
Powell’s Message
Powell’s comments, delivered at the Economic Club of Chicago, were in sharp focus across Wall Street after a bout of volatility in the $29 trillion Treasury market.