JPMorgan is going after even more customers who allegedly cashed in on the ‘infinite money glitch’ s
2025-04-16 17-32
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorgan-going-even-more-customers-173217323.html?.tsrc=rss
JPMorgan Chaseis continuing to pursue legal actionagainst customers who allegedly took advantage of an “infinite money glitch” as a result of ATM technical malfunctions last year. The bank has filed five new lawsuits on the state level after winning four federal suits filed last October. Chase recouped about $580,000 of the $660,000 it sought out in the original batch of litigation.
JPMorgan Chase is continuing efforts to recover hundreds of thousands of dollars lost after an ATM “glitch” went viral, leading customers to steal funds from the bank during the malfunction.
JPMorgan is pursuing legal action on the state level, suing customers who allegedly stole $75,000 or less from the company,CNBCfirst reported. Last October, the bank filedfour federal lawsuits, and, as of Monday, haswon them all, recouping about $580,000 of the $660,000 it sought out, with dollar amounts not finalized for all cases.
Last August, social-media usersuploaded videosexplaining a “glitch” stemming from ATM malfunctions, which would allow Chase bank customers to write a fake check, deposit it into an ATM, and withdraw cash over the course of a week when some of the deposited funds become immediately available, but before the check bounces. The practice, known ascheck-kiting, is illegal.
According to a Tuesday court filing in Gwinnett County, Georgia, seen byCNBC,one “masked man” deposited a $73,000 check in the defendant’s Chase bank account. Per the lawsuit, the check bounced six days later, but not before the defendant made a series of cash withdrawals worth $82,000. The defendant allegedly owes Chase nearly $58,000 and has not complied with requests to return the cash.
JPMorgan has filed five total lawsuits on the state level: one each in New York, Florida, Georgia, and two in Texas, the company confirmed toFortune. Since October, when JPMorgan first pursued litigation on the issue, the company has sent out more than 1,000 letters to customers asking them to repay the funds.
“We’re still investigating cases of fraud and cooperating with law enforcement—and we’ll do that for as long as it takes to hold fraudsters accountable,” JPMorgan Chase spokesperson Drew Pusateri toldFortunein a statement.
Chase’s ATM woes aren’t unique. In August 2023, Bank of Ireland customers took advantage of anATM glitchthat allowed them to pull large sums of money from their accounts and transfer up to €1,000 (~$1,090) to other accounts, even if the funds were more than what was available in their accounts, leading them to mistakenly think they were getting “free money.”