Wall Street’s Trading Revenue Powered by Tariff Uncertainty
2025-04-14 14:59
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/bde9f905-3992-3fba-8ab2-5028b07aa067/wall-street%E2%80%99s-trading-revenue.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.A surge in trading activity fueled by investor uncertainty about President Trump’s policies is minting money for Goldman Sachs and other big banks. The Wall Street firm joined JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley in reporting a bigger profit for the first quarter, fueled by record revenue in its equities trading and lending unit. Banks have been raking in fees as investors reposition their portfolios in anticipation of how Trump’s trade and other economic policies might rattle markets.We recently published a list of 10 Safest Dividend Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Consolidated Edison, Inc. (NYSE:ED) stands against other safest dividend stocks to buy now. Today, in this article, we will be looking at the 10 safest dividend stocks you might be […]Apple, tech companies win reprieve from many Trump tariffs, but the president said it's temporary.We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Dell Technologies Inc. (NYSE:DELL) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely […]We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE:JNPR) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely […]Goldman Sachs  on Monday reported first-quarter profit that beat analyst expectations as tumultuous markets proved a double-edged sword.  The bank’s trading business boomed, benefiting from market swings, while revenue from investment bankers’ advisory work declined.  Goldman’s stock and bond traders took advantage of volatile markets, which can create opportunities for making big bets.A listed version of Systematica Investments' flagship hedge fund is down roughly 19% this year, as some trend-following strategies have struggled to navigate the market turmoil caused by the new U.S. trade policies.  The Schroder Gaia BlueTrend fund, which invests in rates, equities, currencies and commodities, is a listed version of Systematica's flagship BlueTrend hedge fund.  The firm, with $17 billion in assets under management, is led by Leda Braga, BlueCrest Capital's former president and head of Systematica trading.We recently published a list of the 10 Best Indian Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we will take a look at where Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (NYSE:RDY) stands against other best Indian stocks. India’s stock market had a rough ride during the second half of FY25, amid uncertainty around US tariffs, […]Stocks have tumbled in recent weeks as President Donald Trump set out a tariff plan on products from countries around the world, and the biggest decliners have been in the tech sector.  A tax on these goods as they cross the U.S. border would weigh heavily on tech companies' costs, translating into pressure on earnings.  All of this pushed the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite into a bear market and left many market giants like artificial intelligence (AI) chip leader Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) and internet search and cloud powerhouse Alphabet at bargain valuations.A day after President Trump and administration officials warned about looming tariffs on semiconductors and other tech products, Nvidia said it will work with chip manufacturers and packaging firms to make supercomputers that power artificial intelligence entirely in the U.S.  The company says it will be the first time AI supercomputers are completely built domestically.  Tech-industry analysts have warned that Trump’s tariffs will weaken the U.S. in its AI race with China.Let's take a look at the two best-performing Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI) companies to see if they're worth buying today.  UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH) is one of the most resilient stocks on the market.  There was no major company-specific news out on UnitedHealth in March, and investors seem to be returning to the stock after it tumbled following the assassination of one of its executives in December 2024.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
