Goldman Sachs 'will adapt' to economic uncertainties ahead
2025-04-14 14:10
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/goldman-sachs-adapt-economic-uncertainties-141005069.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Goldman Sachs's (GS) first quarter earnings came in better than expected despite a complicated policy landscape under Trump 2.0. Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon noted that the market is "entering the second quarter with a markedly different operating environment than earlier this year."Hennessy Funds portfolio manager David Ellison joins Morning Brief with Madison Mills and Brad Smith to discuss the results and the company's position.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.as you think about what they're kind of classifying right now and what they're, what they're looking towards in this environment to really kind of pull the levers of their business that would, would best suit navigating what some of the other bank CEOs have talked about in foreseeable or considerable turbulence were the words that Jamie Diamond used when they reported earnings. How is Goldman positioned differently to navigate if they don't lean into such a heavy consumer product focus and instead rest on some of their laurels such as trading, such as wealth management even and, and how can that continue to kind of buoy the ship in this near term?Well, I think historically, you know, that's been their strength so it's been, you know, trading, investment banking, sales and trading, you know, all those things and that's, you know, that's been their strength and I think they do it better than most everybody else and I think that they'll be fine. I think the issue is sort of where the economy is going to go and things have obviously changed a lot in the last, you know, 30 days or so or last 20 days or maybe the last two hours. Um, but I think these are, you know, these are the types of companies, you know, Goldman is a good example of a company that's gonna, that will adapt. I don't know exactly how, but you know, I've adapted to the business that I'm in, that has changed over the years and they'll do the same. And I think that, you know, recessions are not bad for them, recoveries aren't bad for them, if they manage it right. So I think you're, you know, you get back to sort of what do you want to buy in this environment? You know, you buy well-run companies and let them figure it out and let them do the hard work to get to the other side.Yeah.And just some context for our audience, we've been reporting on how a growth area for Goldman moving forward is their wealth management business executives have been pointing to that as a growth area over the past several quarters. I do want to point out though something that David, David Solomon, Goldman Sachs CEO said here, saying that we are entering the second corner with a markedly different operating environment than earlier this year, that came in the statement this morning. Uh, what do you make of him avoiding the big T word there? And instead talking about this as just a markedly different environment?Well, I guess it's, you know, it may be, you know, the politically correct thing to do, but I think it's, you know, it's more than tariffs, it's, you know, it's what's gonna happen to the employ, to the, you know, labor pool in the United States. What's gonna happen to the M&A activity that he's gonna see or be allowed to do, let's say in the banking industry or all the other industries that are sort of being deregulated. Uh, so there's a lot of other things happening and that, that are unrelated to tariffs. Tariffs seems to be the thing that everybody's talking about now. Um, but, you know, I think the issue now is, you know, things are a lot different. So the question is, how is, you know, how are you going to adapt to that? So, I, I'm not, you know, I'm not trying to be, you know, the guy that thinks, you know, everything's going to be great, but I think the companies will adapt and they'll adjust. And I think our job as PMs and as analysts is to try to figure out which companies are going to be willing to do that and make the adjustments and hang on and see what happens.Pfizer still has another obesity pill in development, PF-07976016, which is currently in a Phase IIa trial.ADTN's XGS-PON fiber access technology solutions are deployed by Highland Broadband to bring Gigabit fiber to the slowest broadband village in Scotland.The JPMorgan CEO says rigid banking rules may trigger a Treasury market freeze, echoing 2020’s turmoil that was followed by BTC's price rise.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim […]Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg took the stand on Monday in a historic antitrust trial that could force the tech giant to break off Instagram and WhatsApp, startups it bought more than a decade ago that have since grown into social media powerhouses.  The Federal Trade Commission called Zuckerberg as its first witness, as it seeks to prove that Meta acquired Instagram and WhatsApp to preserve its monopoly in the social networking space.  In opening statements, FTC attorney Daniel Matheson said Meta has used its position to generate enormous profits even as consumer satisfaction has dropped.The US should form a transatlantic alliance with the EU amid trade tensions and tariff impositions before it goes to the negotiating table with China, says Mathias Döpfner, Axel Springer CEO. Trump's administration stands to have greater leverage if uniting as a trading bloc with the EU and representing a combined population of 800 million people, he argues. He still sees great opportunities in the 'pragmatism' of the US, despite trade uncertainty.Answering reporters’ questions in the Oval Office, Trump said he may cut deals for car companies to help them manage the impact of tariffs.  Currently, 25% levies apply to car imports, with similar levies for car parts expected in early May.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
