Apple, Nvidia, Goldman Sachs_ Market Minute
2025-04-14 15:17
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-nvidia-goldman-sachs-market-151740191.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Madison Mills takes a look at the top stories on Wall Street in just 60 seconds on today's Market Minute.Possible tariff reprieve sends tech stocks like Apple (AAPL) higher.Nvidia (NVDA) will invest in the US as it plans to build artificial intelligence (AI) supercomputers domestically.Goldman Sachs's (GS) first quarter earnings beat analyst estimates.Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute.It's time for Yahoo! Finance's Market Minute. Stocks rising to start the week as investors navigate changing trade policies. Apple shares jumping as President Trump grants tech some reprieve from tariffs. Smartphones, computers, and other consumer electronics are exempt from those reciprocal tariffs, but will still face sector specific levies in the near future. Meantime, Nvidia announcing it's working with its partners to produce AI supercomputers entirely in the US for the first time. The chipmaker plans to make up to half a trillion dollars of AI infrastructure investments into the United States through partnerships like with the likes of TSMC and Foxconn. Nvidia is already producing Blackwell chips at a plant in Phoenix, Arizona. And Goldman Sachs topping analyst expectations in its latest quarter, its profit jumping 15% year over year, boosted by its trading business as investors take advantage of volatile markets to make big bets. That's your Yahoo! Finance Market Minute. For more on what's trending, scan the QR code to track the best and worst performing stocks.President Trump said he is looking at some short-term tariff exemptions to help car companies and said he exempted smartphones and certain electronics from recent tariffs in order to help U.S. smartphone makers, including Apple.  On autos, Trump says he’s considering the exemptions for car companies that are looking to switch making parts from Canada and Mexico to the U.S.  “I’m looking at something to help some of the car companies,” Trump told reporters at the White House, without giving any additional details.Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has managed to dodge a potential disaster as its key consumer electronics have been exempted from the 125% tariffs on goods manufactured in China by President Donald Trump. What Happened: The tariff exemption announced by President Trump on Friday night encompasses iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, and AirTags. Furthermore, the 10% tariff on goods imported from other countries has been waived off for these products. Despite the possibility of a new, lower sectoral tarThe military alliance will use Palantir’s Maven Smart System to modernize its war-fighting capabilities.Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in.(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump’s tariff exclusions for smartphones and other tech products have added to a growing set of confusing signals for companies and trading partners digesting how to engage a White House still promising to negotiate dozens of new deals in America’s favor.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon MayorFrench luxury behemoth LVMH said it booked revenue of €20.31 billion for the first three months of the year, 3% lower organically than in the prior-year period.British bank Barclays maintained its bullish stance on Chinese tech giant Alibaba (BABA) today, while CNBC commentator and professional investor Steve Weiss reported that he had recently bought more shares of Taiwan Semi (TSM). Why Barclays Remains Upbeat on BABA Barclays noted that the growth of BABA’s cloud business is accelerating, and the bank predicts […]Palantir Technologies (PLTR) has a new deal with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization — and analysts are taking note.We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been on […]Jeep and Chrysler parent Stellantis will face greater headwinds from tariffs than its counterparts in Detroit, UBS analysts said.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
