Goldman Tops Q1 Earnings on Higher Equity Trading Revenues, Stock Up
2025-04-14 14:02
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-tops-q1-earnings-higher-140200004.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s GS first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share of $14.12 surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $12.71. This compares favorably with $11.58 in the year-ago quarter.Find the latest earnings estimates and surprises on the Zacks Earnings Calendar.Shares of the company gained 1.7% in the pre-market trading on better-than-expected results.The volatile market lifted Goldman's net revenues in Equities by 27% year over year to $4.2 billion as investors reshuffled their portfolios to mitigate the hit from the new tariffs. Fixed income, currency, and commodities trading revenues rose 2% year over year to $4.4 billion. However, IB fees fell 8% to $1.91 billion in the quarter due to lower advisory fees.Goldman’s results benefited from solid growth in the Global Banking & Markets division. A decline in provisions was another positive. Yet, the decline in IB business and rise in expenses was concerning.Net earnings (GAAP basis) of $4.7 billion increased 15% from the prior-year quarter.Net revenues for the quarter of $15.1 billion rose 6% from the year-ago quarter. Also, the top line surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 0.3%.Total operating expenses increased 5% year over year to $9.13 billion.Provision for credit losses was $287 million, down 10% from the prior-year quarter.The Asset & Wealth Management division generated revenues of $3.68 billion in the reported quarter, down 3% year over year. The decrease reflected significantly lower net revenues in Equity investments and Debt investments, partially offset by higher Management and other fees.Firmwide assets under supervision were a record $3.17 trillion, up 11.4% from the prior-year quarter.The Global Banking & Markets division has recorded revenues of $10.71 billion, which increased 10% year over year. The improvement was driven by record net revenues in Equities (including record net revenues in financing) and strong performances in Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (including record net revenues in financing), and Debt underwriting.The Platform Solutions division’s revenues were $676 million, down 3% year over year.As of March 31, 2025, the standardized Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 14.8%, up from 14.7% as of March 31, 2024.The company’s supplementary leverage ratio was 5.5%, up 5.4% year over year.In the reported quarter, GS returned $5.34 billion in capital to common shareholders. This included $4.36 billion in share repurchases and common stock dividends of $976 million.Goldman’s focus on IB and trading businesses, along with strong deal-making pipelines, will likely support the top line. Active client engagement and a solid position in announced and completed mergers and acquisitions globally are likely to act as tailwinds in the upcoming period. However, a rise in expenses poses near-term concern. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. QuoteCurrently, GS carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Raymond James Financial Inc. RJF is slated to report quarterly results on April 23. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for RJF’s fiscal second-quarter 2025 earnings has been revised 3.2% downward to $2.44 per share over the past seven days.LPL Financial Holdings Inc. LPLA is expected to report quarterly results on April 29. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for LPLA’s fiscal first-quarter 2025 earnings has been unchanged at $4.54 per share over the past seven days.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free reportThe Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis ReportRaymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) : Free Stock Analysis ReportLPL Financial Holdings Inc. (LPLA) : Free Stock Analysis ReportThis article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).Zacks Investment ResearchWhile the top- and bottom-line numbers for Goldman (GS) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.Goldman (GS) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 11.09% and 0.27%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?Trump’s destabilising policy reversals mean that exemptions provide no guarantee of stability for semiconductor companies and the wider technology industry going forward.While Apple, for example, secured one for the Apple Watch at the time, requests for exemptions for AirPods and HomePod speakers were denied.  Other companies’ exemption requests for wireless earbuds were similarly rejected.  Of nearly 53,000 requests for exemptions from tariffs on Chinese goods filed during Trump’s first term, only 13% were granted, according to a WSJ analysis of government data.Nvidia  said it would start producing AI supercomputers that will be manufactured entirely in the U.S., a day after the Trump administration said tariffs are coming for semiconductor imports.  The graphics-chip maker said in a blog post Monday morning that it is working with manufacturing partners to design and build factories for domestic AI supercomputer production.  This will be the first time that AI supercomputers, which are used to power data centers that solely process artificial intelligence, will be made completely in the U.S., Nvidia said.Apple stock rose Monday on news that smartphones, PCs and other electronics received an exemption from U.S. reciprocal tariffs.Apple (AAPL) received a major reprieve recently from President Donald Trump, Schwab Network Commentator Jenny Horn suggested today. However, Horn also noted that Dan Ives, a well-known analyst for Wedbush Securities, is still warning that there is “mass confusion” about the outlook for U.S. tech names, while Big Tech “remains in flux.” But Horn asserted […]Nvidia  said on Monday it plans to build AI supercomputers in the U.S.  “The engines of the world’s AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time,” Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in a press release.  “Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain and boosts our resiliency.”How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
