Title: Big Banks Step Up Stock Buybacks. Goldman and BofA Stand Out.
Date: 2025-04-16 13:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/b16d9f33-f55b-3a45-9218-ea45e2e1faeb/big-banks-step-up-stock.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
The purchases are a sign of confidence despite growing concern about an economic slowdown this year.
Canadian bank RBC cut its price target on Bank of America (BAC) stock to $45 from $50 but maintains a positive view of the shares. BAC reported its first-quarter financial results yesterday. Why RBC Cut Its Price Target on BAC But Remains Bullish RBC lowered its price target on BAC to $45 from $50 due […]
Beyond analysts' top -and-bottom-line estimates for Steel Dynamics (STLD), evaluate projections for some of its key metrics to gain a better insight into how the business might have performed for the quarter ended March 2025.
One of the rare Wall Street analysts who is bearish on Meta Platforms further cut his price target for the stock, saying the Facebook parent company is "starting to look vulnerable to a growth slowdown."  BNP Paribas Exane analyst Stefan Slowinksi cut his price target for Meta stock to 448 from a previous 505 in a client note late Tuesday.  Slowinski initiated coverage of Meta with the sell-equivalent call nearly 12 months ago.
(Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. sold a combined $14 billion of US investment-grade bonds Tuesday, matching the day-earlier total from peers Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingWells Fargo is issuing $8
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, […]
Merrill Lynch and Bank of America’s Private Bank posted a flat profit for the first quarter of 2025 amid a strong earnings beat for their parent company.  BofA’s  wealth unit reported net income of $1 billion in the first quarter, down 0.1% from the fourth quarter and nearly identical to the first quarter in 2024.  The wealth division reported total revenue of $6.02 billion for the first quarter, up nearly 8% from $5.59 billion a year ago as clients and assets under management both increased during the period.
BAC's Q1 earnings gain from solid equity trading income, higher NII and decent advisory and debt underwriting performance amid higher provisions and expenses.
(Bloomberg) -- Beleaguered stock bulls are getting an encouraging sign from the people who know the companies best.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsCorporate insiders scooped up shares of their own companies at the fastest pace in 16 months as the S&P 500 sank in March, and they kept buying at an elevated clip as the rout accelerated th
Citi's wealth division saw a nearly five-fold increase in new investment assets in the first quarter. CEO Jane Fraser said the firm has "real horsepower and firepower in our investment capabilities."
(Bloomberg) -- Gold edged toward the record high set on Monday, as the Trump administration pressed ahead with probes that could broaden the US’s sweeping trade war.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBullion rose to top $3,230 an ounc
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.