Title: Is Chevron Corporation (CVX) Among the Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 11-58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-corporation-cvx-among-best-115844281.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of  10 Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds.
Geothermal stocks are companies that use heat from the earth to generate electricity, heating, and cooling. This comprises companies in geothermal energy production, exploration, and technology development.
The geothermal market is growing rapidly. On April 2, 2025, Dandelion Energy, a prominent private company specializing in home geothermal heating and cooling, announced a partnership with one of the nation’s largest homebuilders to integrate geothermal systems into over 1,500 new homes in Colorado over the following two years. The program’s goal, which is among the biggest residential geothermal deployments in American history, is to standardize geothermal heating and cooling in new construction. When compared to air-source heat pumps, homeowners may anticipate saving almost $30 million over the next 20 years due to lower energy expenditures and better efficiency. According to a recent Department of Energy report, the widespread use of geothermal heat pumps could reduce the need for 24,500 miles of additional grid transmission lines, which is comparable to crossing the United States eight times. Overall, the collaboration highlights a growing trend toward sustainable homebuilding and lower carbon footprints in residential buildings.
Governor of Colorado Jared Polis stated:
“Geothermal energy – the heat beneath our feet – is a clean energy option that will help save Coloradans money and protect our state for future generations. I’m very excited that Dandelion is building on Colorado’s leadership on geothermal by connecting more than 1,500 Colorado homes to low-cost heating and cooling. It’s good for Coloradans, for our air quality, and our economy,”
As we look forward, according to the International Energy Agency’s report, geothermal energy, which now meets less than 1% of worldwide demand, is anticipated to supply up to 15% of global power by 2050, with an anticipated capacity of 800 GW and approximately 6,000 TWh per year. Advancements in drilling technology, comprising hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling, might unlock geothermal resources at depths greater than 3 km, hence extending the global potential. In 2023, more than 75% of global geothermal capacity was utilized, greatly outperforming wind (30%) and solar (15%) in terms of capacity factor. Investment in geothermal energy could surpass  $1 trillion by 2035 due to decreased costs and oil and gas sector expertise. Government support may reduce prices by 80% by 2035, putting geothermal on equal ground with solar and wind. There are still major obstacles to overcome, such as the lack of qualified workers, environmental effects, and delays in obtaining permits. The success of geothermal energy depends on governments streamlining procedures, offering incentives, and encouraging research to fulfill the world’s expanding demand for electricity.
As per Deloitte’s report, rapidly maturing Enhanced geothermal systems (EGS) capable of providing 24/7 baseload electricity by accessing deep heat reservoirs are benefiting from federal funding and cross-sector investment in technological advances such as new drilling techniques and extreme heat operations, as well as bipartisan support to accelerate projects. Technology companies are collaborating with developers to produce geothermal electricity, as well as with utilities to facilitate EGS deployments by offering a clean transition tariff to cover the costs and risks of implementing a new technology. Meanwhile, a utility inked the largest geothermal power purchase agreement, reaching 320 MW, to meet a public utility commission’s need to obtain carbon-free power 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
A tanker truck making its way through a refinery facility. .
We sifted through online rankings to form an initial list of 10 Geothermal stocks. From the resultant dataset, we chose the top 9 stocks most favored by hedge funds, using Insider Monkey’s database of 1,009 hedge funds in Q4 2024 to gauge hedge fund sentiment for stocks. We have also included a pure-play private geothermal company and ranked it 10th on our list.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Investors: 81
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) is a fully integrated energy business with global operations in exploration, production, and refining. It is the second-largest oil business in the United States, producing 3.1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, which includes 7.7 million cubic feet of natural gas and 1.8 million barrels of liquids per day.
Although Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) is largely an oil and gas firm, it also invests in geothermal energy, ranking it third among the Best Geothermal Stocks. The business has been active in geothermal projects for decades, primarily in Indonesia and the Philippines. The firm is collaborating with Baseload Capital, Mitsui Oil, and Pertamina to develop revolutionary geothermal technologies that will allow it to extract energy from almost anywhere. Its pilot-to-project model seeks to reduce risk, commercialize, and scale geothermal for clean energy and the production of hydrogen. The business pairs modern closed-loop and upgraded geothermal technologies with traditional approaches to offer dependable, low-carbon energy alternatives.
The company recorded strong results in the fourth quarter of 2024, with revenue of $52.23 billion, a 10.7% growth over the same period last year. The revenue also beat Street expectations by more than $3.8 billion. This growth was primarily driven by a 7% surge in global production and a 19% spike in US output, both of which set new records for the year. In addition, Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) generated approximately $8 billion in asset sales while still maintaining a strong financial position, with a net debt ratio of 10% at the end of the year. The firm’s financial position has remained steady over time, which has strengthened its dividend policy. In the fiscal year 2024, it generated $31.5 billion in operating cash flow and $15 billion in free cash flow.
Overall, CVX ranks 3rd on our list of best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the potential of CVX, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CVX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
CVX plans to use triple-frac in more than half of its Permian wells in 2025, reducing costs by 12% and accelerating output to boost production levels.
Ecopetrol (EC) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions may not translate into further price increase in the near term.
PFE stock is likely to be a great pick for value investors, considering its cheap valuation, as well as for income investors due to its sky-high dividend yield.
Oil price plunges below $60, dragging oil majors like XOM, CVX, and SHEL lower. Trade war tariffs and OPEC+ supply surge shake up global energy markets.
To find your edge in the market, IBD offers several premium products.  If you're unsure how to begin your first excursion in the stock market, check out the IBD Stock Screener.  Inside IBD Stock Screener, you can find IBD's top lists, including the IBD 50, Big Cap 20, and Sector Leaders.
The collaboration focuses on material traceability from source to lithium iron phosphate battery.
Industry veteran brings over two decades of operational and client relationship experience to support Time Finance’s growth strategy.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
