Title: Is Chevron Corporation (CVX) the Best American Energy Stock to Buy Now_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 14-21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-corporation-cvx-best-american-142119038.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of 11 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other best American energy stocks to buy now.
On Friday, April 4, oil futures reached multiyear lows following China’s response to the tariffs imposed by the Trump administration. This sparks fear of a fall in demand for oil amid a full-blown trade war. The US benchmark for oil prices, West Texas Intermediate (WTI), fell over 7% to close at $61.99 per barrel and Brent crude futures dropped more than 6% to settle at $65.58. Crude has not traded at these levels since 2021.
READ ALSO: 10 Best EV Stocks to Buy Under $50 and 11 Undervalued Chemical Stocks to Buy Now.
Crude losses worsened as China announced it would impose additional tariffs of 34% on US goods. This announcement came as a response to President Trump’s levies, which include increased duties on China-made imports.
President Trump’s tariffs saw financial markets react strongly and crude oil prices sinking as traders assessed the potential impact of a trade war on demand. Energy-related stocks were set to extend losses after dragging the market down with sell-offs in the Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq.
Crude losses also accelerated because of a decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies, OPEC+, to increase supply approximately three times more than expected starting in May.
Angie Gildea, KPMG US energy leader, said that markets are still “digesting tariffs” and that the combination of higher oil supply and concerns about a weaker global economy is putting downward pressure on oil prices. She pointed out that this could lead to a new chapter in a volatile market.
Although energy was not included in the latest tariffs announced by the Trump administration on Wednesday, April 2, the escalation of a global trade war could hurt oil demand.
To compile our list of the 11 best American energy stocks to buy now, we used stock screeners from Finviz and Yahoo Finance to find the largest energy companies. We sorted our results based on market capitalization and picked the top 25 American stocks. Next, we focused on the 11 stocks most favored by institutional investors. Data for the hedge fund sentiment surrounding each stock was taken from Insider Monkey’s Q4 2024 database of more than 1,000 elite hedge funds. Finally, the 11 best American energy stocks to buy now were ranked in ascending order based on the number of hedge funds holding stakes in them as of Q4 2024.
Why do we care about what hedge funds do? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A tanker truck making its way through a refinery facility. .
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81
Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) is a leading integrated energy company. The corporation produces crude oil and natural gas while also manufacturing transportation fuels, lubricants, petrochemicals, and additives. It is investing in developing new technologies, renewable fuels, hydrogen, and even power generation for data centers. Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) ranks among the best American stocks to invest in.
The company is looking to increase production efficiency and optimize its portfolio. In 2024, Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) delivered record-breaking production levels with global oil-equivalent production growing 7%. This increase was supported primarily by an 18% growth in the Permian Basin. Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) has launched major growth projects and is actively looking to grow its exploration acreage position in the Gulf of America, Angola, Brazil, Equatorial Guinea, Uruguay, and Namibia. In January 2025, the corporation began producing oil at its Future Growth Project (FGP) located at the Tengiz oil field in Kazakhstan. This project is estimated to boost total output to approximately 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day.
In an effort to strengthen its portfolio, Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) also sold assets in Canada, the Republic of Congo, and Alaska. The company plans to cut costs by $2-3 billion by 2026 and also to divest $10-15 billion worth of assets by 2028. On March 31, Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) announced the completion of its transaction to sell a 70% interest in its East Texas gas assets for $525 million to an affiliate of TG Natural Resources LLC.
Overall,CVX ranks 5th on our list of best mid cap growth stocks. While we acknowledge the potential of CVX, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CVX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer […]
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Exxon (XOM) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
Oil price plunges below $60, dragging oil majors like XOM, CVX, and SHEL lower. Trade war tariffs and OPEC+ supply surge shake up global energy markets.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Steve Cohen. In this article, we are going to take a look at where AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) stands against other best stocks to buy according to billionaire Steve Cohen. Steve Cohen, a prominent figure in the world of hedge funds, is […]
XOM, SHEL, RES, EQNR and MTDR emerge as the energy headline makers during the week.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
