Title: Chevron to survey east Mediterranean seabed for pipeline linking gas field to Egypt, Cyprus says
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-07 22-16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-survey-east-mediterranean-seabed-221636382.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) — Energy company Chevron will begin a survey of the east Mediterranean seabed early this summer to prepare for a pipeline connecting a sizable natural gas deposit in Cyprus waters with processing facilities in Egypt, Cypriot officials said Monday.
Chevron CEO Mike Wirth told Cypriot President Nikos Christodoulides in a meeting at Chevron headquarters in Houston the survey will proceed according to a set timetable. No further details were disclosed in a statement issued by Cypriot government spokesman Konstantinos Letymbiotis.
The pipeline will link Cyprus’ Aphrodite field -- estimated to contain up to 4.5 trillion cubic feet of natural gas -– with an undisclosed facility on Egypt’s coastline.
Christodoulides was in Houston as part of a weeklong trip to the U.S. to solicit investment in the east Mediterranean island nation.
Chevron and partners Shell and Israeli NewMed Energy are in charge of developing Aphrodite, which was discovered in 2011 some 160 km (100 miles) off Cyprus’ southern coastline, within the island’s exclusive economic zone.
In February, Chevron, NewMed and Shell signed an agreement with Egypt outlining the framework under which Aphrodite will be developed.
The agreement came after the Cypriot government and the Chevron-led consortium approved a revised production plan that includes a floating platform to process extracted gas as well as the pipeline to Egypt.
Christodoulides told Wirth that Aphrodite’s development is a priority for the Cypriot government “as it highlights the importance of our country as a new source of supply for the needs of neighboring countries but also the European Union,” the statement said.
Chevron officials said Aphrodite is an “important part of the energy company’s portfolio of activities in the eastern Mediterranean, a region that is part of Chevron’s future plans and priorities,” it said.
Chevron is the only energy company that operates in Cyprus, Israel, Egypt and Greece.
ExxonMobil and partner Qatar Petroleum hold exploration licenses for two blocks where they have discovered at least one sizable gas field and are currently drilling a second.
A consortium made up of Italy’s Eni and French Total holds exploration licenses for four blocks and have discovered the Cronos deposit, estimated to hold more than 3 trillion cubic feet of gas.
In November, Cyprus Energy Minister George Papanastasiou said that ExxonMobil, Eni and Total could partner up to jointly develop gas deposits in close proximity to each other.
Oil price plunges below $60, dragging oil majors like XOM, CVX, and SHEL lower. Trade war tariffs and OPEC+ supply surge shake up global energy markets.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer […]
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Exxon (XOM) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
XOM, SHEL, RES, EQNR and MTDR emerge as the energy headline makers during the week.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
