Title: Strength Seen in Chevron (CVX)_ Can Its 6.7% Jump Turn into More Strength_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 11-54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/strength-seen-chevron-cvx-6-115400605.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Chevron (CVX) shares rallied 6.7% in the last trading session to close at $146.03. This move can be attributable to notable volume with a higher number of shares being traded than in a typical session. This compares to the stock's 11.1% loss over the past four weeks.
Chevron experienced a positive shift in its stock price due to the surge in oil prices, which helped enhance its upstream operations and profitability. The broader rally was further supported by President Trump’s announcement to pause "reciprocal" tariff hikes and implement a reduced 10% tariff rate for most countries over the next 90 days. The combination of higher oil and natural gas and reduced trade uncertainties lifted Chevron’s stock as investors became more confident in the company’s future earnings. The reduction in trade uncertainty contributed to improved sentiment in Chevron’s stock price.
This oil company is expected to post quarterly earnings of $2.49 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of -15%. Revenues are expected to be $47.52 billion, down 2.5% from the year-ago quarter.
While earnings and revenue growth expectations are important in evaluating the potential strength in a stock, empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements.
For Chevron, the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 3.9% lower over the last 30 days to the current level. And a negative trend in earnings estimate revisions doesn't usually translate into price appreciation. So, make sure to keep an eye on CVX going forward to see if this recent jump can turn into more strength down the road.
The stock currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>
Chevron is a member of the Zacks Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry. One other stock in the same industry, Petrobras (PBR), finished the last trading session 6.5% higher at $12.21. PBR has returned -9.1% over the past month.
Petrobras' consensus EPS estimate for the upcoming report has remained unchanged over the past month at $1.07. Compared to the company's year-ago EPS, this represents a change of +42.7%. Petrobras currently boasts a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (PBR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Ingersoll (IR) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
Qualcomm (QCOM) was a big mover last session on higher-than-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions might not help the stock continue moving higher in the near term.
Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ: SMCI), better known as just Supermicro, has been one of the more volatile artificial intelligence (AI) stocks to own over the past few years.  With those issues seemingly resolved now and Supermicro's stock trading at a reduced valuation, is the stock a rally candidate going forward?  Could the stock price go so far as to double within the next five years, given all the hype surrounding AI?
We recently published a list of 10 Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds. Geothermal stocks are companies that use heat from the earth to generate […]
President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause and "substantially" lower reciprocal tariffs on all countries aside from China. FOX Business breaks down what tariffs were imposed since January.
Provident Financial (PFS) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
Users now get a faster mobile experience, age-restricted promotions and exclusive offers while tracking and redeeming loyalty points — called Hoots — more easily.
BROS' emphasis on innovation, customer loyalty and mobile ordering are likely to fuel growth. Yet, an uncertain macro environment ails.
Elon Musk’s organization aims to save $1 million annually by converting government records to digital formats. That switch could compromise system integrity.
Fortinet (FTNT) has been upgraded to a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), reflecting growing optimism about the company's earnings prospects. This might drive the stock higher in the near term.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
