Title: Should You Buy the 3 Highest-Paying Dividend Stocks in the Dow Jones_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 07-15
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/09/should-you-buy-the-3-highest-paying-dividend-stock/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=366b2d3d-0572-4d2c-9009-09b1ded6488b&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI -2.50%) fell sharply after the U.S. released a new tariff program. Does that open up some opportunities for investors who like high-yield stocks? A quick look at the three highest-paying dividend stocks on the index -- Merck (MRK -5.43%), Chevron (CVX -7.65%), and Verizon (VZ 1.81%) -- is a good place to start if you want to find out.
Merck's 4% dividend yield is near the highest levels of the past decade, though it's been much higher in the past. That said, the company's 15-year dividend growth streak isn't the whole story on the dividend. It has trended generally higher for far longer than that, with some periods in which it remained the same and didn't grow. All in, it has proven to be a pretty reliable dividend stock.
Merck has a broad pharmaceutical portfolio, with drugs in cardiometabolic health, oncology, vaccines, infectious diseases, and even animal health. Although the company is leaning on its oncology business today for growth, it has a deep pipeline of drugs in the works.
Drug development, however, can be a bit lumpy, and competition is fierce. This helps explain why Merck's stock is a bit weak and the yield a bit high. It has a long history of success, but it is hard to predict what drugs will turn out to be winners and losers. In the meantime, Wall Street is very aware that the company's most important oncology drug, Keytruda, is facing a patent cliff in a few years.
If your investment horizon is measured in decades, however, Merck is probably a worthwhile high-yield Dow stock to consider for your portfolio. It has found ways to keep supporting dividend growth before, and will likely do so again this time around as well.
Chevron is a globally diversified integrated energy giant. That means it has operations in the upstream (energy production), midstream (pipelines), and downstream (refining and chemicals) segments of the broader energy industry. Each segment operates and performs a little differently through the energy cycle, so having all three under one roof helps to soften the inherent swings of the industry. The proof of that is Chevron's impressive 38-year streak of annual dividend increases.
One of the keys to Chevron's success is its rock-solid balance sheet, with a debt-to-equity ratio of just 0.15x. Low leverage allows management to add debt during oil downturns so it can continue to support the business and the dividend. When oil prices recover, as they always have in the past, debt levels are reduced. Although Chevron's 4.7% yield isn't the highest it has ever been, it is still pretty attractive relative to other income options, as well as the energy industry average of 3.1% or so.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025
This is an all-weather energy stock built to survive hard times. It is a pretty good choice in the energy sector today. Actually, it is usually a pretty good choice most of the time. The only time you might find it less than attractive is when oil prices are in a huge rally, which is not the current state of the market.
Of the top-yielding stocks, Verizon is the most difficult to justify buying. Yes, the dividend yield is a lofty 6.3%, and the dividend has been increased annually for two decades. But the average annualized increase over the past decade was just 2% a year. By comparison, Merck's dividend grew at around 5% a year, and Chevron's expanded at 4.5%.
That big yield is likely to make up most of your return over time. And the buying power of the dividend may not keep pace with inflation if you spend the dividends you collect instead of reinvesting them.
That doesn't mean you should avoid Verizon; just go in with the right expectations. There are two more issues you have to wrap your head around, however.
First, Verizon's telecommunications customer base creates an annuity-like income stream. That's good. But to maintain that income stream, it needs to spend heavily on its infrastructure, which is not so good.
And that brings up the second point: Verizon is more heavily leveraged than its closest peers. It should have no problem competing, but there probably won't be much cash left behind for growing the dividend. This brings the story all the way back to the miserly dividend growth rate.
Verizon isn't a bad dividend investment, but it is probably most appropriate for someone that's in the distribution phase of their financial life cycle, not the accumulation phase.
It wasn't too long ago that the top-yielding Dow stocks included deeply troubled retailer Walgreens and highly cyclical chemical maker Dow. Those were hard high-yield stocks to love.
But today's crew of top yielders is more attractive. Slow dividend grower Verizon is a bit of an acquired taste, but Chevron and Merck will be more broadly appealing.



Before you buy stock in Verizon Communications, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Verizon Communications wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


Reuben Gregg Brewer has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chevron and Merck. The Motley Fool recommends Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/10/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
