Title: Chevron to 'triple-frac' half of Permian oil wells in 2025 to cut costs, time
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 10-09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-triple-frac-half-permian-100928474.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
By Sheila Dang
HOUSTON - U.S. oil major Chevron plans to increase the use of a technique that allows it to fracture subterranean rock in three wells at a time in the Permian basin, the company told Reuters, in an effort to cut the time and cost of producing oil.
Chevron's expansion of the technique, known as triple-frac, comes as the second-largest U.S. oil producer expects to continue growing output in the Permian, the biggest U.S. oilfield, even as it begins to slow spending in the basin.
The shale oil revolution in the United States has been driven by technological advancement. The widespread deployment of hydraulic fracking, which involves drilling wells and injecting sand and water into them to fracture rock and extract oil and gas, made previously uncommercial fossil fuel deposits held in shale rock profitable in the late 2000s.
Chevron began employing triple-frac for the first time in the Permian in March last year. This year the company plans to use it on 50% to 60% of its wells in the basin, up from 20% last year, Jeff Newhook, a completions operations manager, told Reuters in an interview.
The extent of Chevron's planned deployment of the technique to new wells has not previously been reported.
Fracking three wells at once allows Chevron to complete each well and bring them to production in 25% less time, Newhook said, which translates to a 12% reduction in costs per well.
"What's really in it for us is a more efficient use of capital and a better return on our investment," he said.
Fracking two wells at once has grown in popularity as oil producers look for efficiency, but fracking three or even four at a time remains a niche strategy, said Thomas Parambil Jacob, senior vice president at consultancy Rystad Energy.
Companies that can complete wells more quickly have an advantage over competitors, particularly in shale fields, where oil production quickly decreases over time, said Hugh Daigle, an associate professor at University of Texas at Austin's department of petroleum and geosystems engineering.
Shale producers have continued to innovate over the years, learning to bend drill bits horizontally and drill longer distances. Recent innovation has added artificial intelligence to process drilling data in real time for better results.
Triple-fracking requires the same amounts of sand and water as fracking one well at a time, but uses them more quickly, meaning Chevron needs 60% more water and sand per day when using the technique, Newhook said.
That creates a logistical challenge for sand and water supply, with more than 10 trucks arriving per hour to deliver sand to the well pad.
The company has also begun fracking three wells at a time in another shale field, the Denver-Julesberg basin in Colorado, Newhook said.
Chevron uses mostly electric-powered equipment for triple-fracking, which consumes 50% more power per day than fracking one well at a time, he added.
Triple-frac also requires more capital spending upfront to have enough wells drilled in advance, Daigle said.
Chevron hit production of 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day from the Permian in December and aims to increase output by about 10% this year, CEO Mike Wirth has said previously.
After this year, Chevron expects Permian production growth will begin to slow as the company focuses on generating free cash flow.
(Reporting by Sheila Dang in Houston; Editing by Simon Webb and Nia Williams)
After a volatile Monday on Wall Street, stock futures improved in after-hours trading, offering a break after a day of intense whiplash. The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq-100 futures each rose more than 1%, recovering from previous chaos sparked by ...
U.S. refiners are not planning to make big-ticket investments to process more domestic crude and less oil from top suppliers  Canada and Mexico, industry sources and analysts said, an obstacle to President Trump's plan to boost oil output.  Trump's pledge to unleash U.S. energy production and lower prices for consumers has focused on increasing domestic oil drilling.  At the same time, his tariff threats have cut imports of crude from Canada and Mexico, which account for around a quarter of the oil U.S. refiners process, even though in the end he decided to exempt energy imports.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Earn 5% cash back on valuable Discover cash-back rotating categories like grocery stores, Target, gas stations, and Amazon.com.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
