Title: BofA keeps Neutral on Pfizer after danuglipron failure as core thesis unchanged
Date: 2025-04-15 15:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bofa-keeps-neutral-pfizer-danuglipron-150532621.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
BofA analyst Tim Anderson notes Pfizer (PFE) announced danuglipron, an oral GLP-1 obesity, is being discontinued, following a case of liver injury seen in the phase 1 study. The firm points out that it has argued that this program has received almost too much attention – not because obesity isn’t important, but because this was only phase 1 data. Without danuglipron, Pfizer’s obesity pipeline now consists of a GIP receptor antagonist in phase 2 and a phase 1 oral GLP-1 in T2D with Nxera Pharma. If the company is committed to obesity, a possible next step could be business development, BofA argues. The firm reiterates a Neutral rating for Pfizer as it believes core thesis remains unchanged.
Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter with Top Smart Score Stocks.
Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities using  Tipranks' Stock Screener.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See Insiders’ Hot Stocks on TipRanks >>
Read More on PFE:
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Is Pfizer Stock (PFE) Worth Buying After Its Weight Loss Pill Failure?
BTIG highlights some reasons to own Viking shares after danuglipron discontinued
Smaller obesity drugmakers jump after Pfizer scraps weight-loss pill
JPMorgan says Pfizer news ‘mostly a positive’ for Structure, Viking
Viking, Structure rally after Pfizer halts obesity drug development
Orchid Island (ORC) is technically in oversold territory now, so the heavy selling pressure might have exhausted. This along with strong agreement among Wall Street analysts in raising earnings estimates could lead to a trend reversal for the stock.
Even a little bit of money invested in these three prospects will go a long way at their current valuations.
Carmat is preparing to commence implants in the second half of this year.
Health care giant Johnson & Johnson expects about $400 million in tariff-related costs this year.  The costs will be felt primarily within the company's medical technology unit, which makes a range of medical devices and surgical products.  The most substantial impact comes from tariffs against China and retaliatory tariffs from China, said Joseph Wolk, Johnson & Johnson's chief financial officer, in a conference call with analysts following the company's latest earnings results.
MMSI launches the Ventrax Delivery System, enhancing pulmonary access procedures with improved control, precision, and efficiency for interventionalists.
BofA lowered the firm’s price target on West Pharmaceutical (WST) to $280 from $285 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. Sentiment for Life Sciences and Diagnostic Tools and Contract Research Organizations is “particularly negative” heading into earnings given that these companies “sit at the intersection of a number of policy changes from the Trump Administration,” including headwinds from NIH budget cuts and global tariffs, as well as broader macro concerns, especially around China, the analy
We recently published a list of 10 Best Pharma Stocks to Buy for Long Term Growth. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pacira BioSciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX) stands against other best pharma stocks to buy for long term growth. U.S. Pharma Turns to China for Drug Deals With big American […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
Advertising giant hasn’t seen any specific instances of marketer clients pulling back thus far, executives say.
Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) recently reminded investors how risky the drug-development business can be.  On April 14, the company told investors it would scrap development of danuglipron, its oral GLP-1 candidate for weight management.  Pfizer's stock price is way down, but the quarterly dividend it pays has risen for 16 consecutive years.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
