BridgeBio Breaks Out After Pfizer-Rivaling Heart Drug Obliterates Sales Expectations
2025-04-30 20-27
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/5a8020c0-f8e0-3328-a8d5-da7ff63f15de/bridgebio-breaks-out-after.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
BridgeBio stock broke out Wednesday after its new heart drug, a rival to Pfizer's blockbuster Vyndaqel, smashed sales expectations.
We recently published an article titled Excellent Earnings Propelled Prices of These 10 Firms. In this article, we are going to take a look at where BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:BBIO) stands against the other stocks that soared on Wednesday. The stock market finished Wednesday’s trading on a lackluster note, with the three major indices finishing mixed, as […]
GSK’s profit rose on better-than-expected performance of HIV, cancer and asthma treatments, offsetting lower vaccine demand in the U.S.
In its first full quarter, Attruby made more headway than analysts anticipated in its competition with Pfizer’s market-leading drug.
ConocoPhillips (COP) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
Robert Playter, CEO of Boston Dynamics, discusses the future of robotics amid rising competition and advances in artificial intelligence. Playter speaks with Caroline Hyde and Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology."
Healthcare stocks face new risks under Trump, despite their usual defensive reputation.
Here is how Roche Holding AG (RHHBY) and argenex SE (ARGX) have performed compared to their sector so far this year.
CVS Health blew past first-quarter earnings estimates early Thursday, while raising its full-year outlook by a smaller amount.  The pharmacy and health benefits giant also announced an agreement to make Novo Nordisk's Wegovy its preferred GLP-1 obesity medication.  CVS stock is sharply higher, while NVO also jumped in early stock market action.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.