Is Healthcare Losing the Status of Safe Haven_ ETFs in Focus
2025-04-30 08-33
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/healthcare-losing-status-safe-haven-083300838.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Healthcare stocks have traditionally been seen as a safe haven during market volatility. However, recent developments — particularly President Trump's tariffs and research spending cuts — are changing that perception.
Historically, healthcare has been among the strongest sectors during late-cycle economies and recessionary periods. The sector has always been considered as a safe area for investors seeking shelter amid broader economic uncertainty. However, the sector is facing new challenges in the Trump administration’s first 100 days.
Investor interest in healthcare has been waning for some time. President Trump’s policies are introducing fresh uncertainty. This is making both small- and large-cap healthcare stocks less appealing.
A recent example is Medpace MEDP, a small clinical research firm specializing in biotech clinical trials. After reporting slower business in its first-quarter earnings. Uncertainty around regulatory changes in Washington continues to weigh heavily on the industry.
Pfizer PFE CEO Albert Bourla recently said uncertainty around President Donald Trump’s planned pharmaceutical tariffs is preventing the company from further investing in U.S. manufacturing and research and development. Pfizer said it expects $150 million in costs from Trump’s existing tariffs this year.
Michael Cherny, an analyst at Leerink Partners, highlighted the significant uncertainty caused by apparent shifts in how the FDA and HHS are being managed, as quoted Yahoo Finance. He noted that the difficulty in gauging the full impact of factors such as funding cuts, tariffs, and declining investor enthusiasm.
Not long ago, healthcare companies led the IPO market, with $17 billion in equity offerings and strong deal volume. Today, the sector faces mounting pressure. Both biotech firms and large-cap healthcare companies are struggling.
Biotechs are more sensitive to volatility, due to the segment is more vulnerable to the inflation pressure, the interest rate policy and the steady source of funding. Note that biotech stocks, being high-growth in nature, underperform in a rising rate environment.
Bank of America Securities analyst Tim Anderson emphasized that while healthcare stocks still behave defensively during downturns, they are no longer considered as safe as they used to be a decade-ago, as quoted on Yahoo Finance.
He cited recent events when investor money flooded into pharma during market downturns, only to retreat after Trump's remarks on drug pricing and pharma tariffs. However, Anderson and others suggest that healthcare remains a solid sector for long-term investors, despite ongoing uncertainty.
A JPMorgan strategist wrote in January that for investors seeking to reduce exposure to mega-cap tech, healthcare's defensive characteristics and long-term growth potential are worth a closer look. Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund XLV has lost 4.6% past month but added 1.2% in the year-to-date frame. Moreover, healthcare stocks are currently cheap.
Below we highlight a few healthcare exchange-traded funds (ETFs) that have lost the least in the healthcare space and have a low price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio (36 months) at the current level.
Note that The SPDR S&P 500 ETF SPY has a P/E ratio of 24.62X. The EF SPY has lost 0.9% past month and has lost 5.9% so far this year.
iShares Genomics Immunology and Healthcare ETF IDNA – P/E: 19.61X
One-Month Performance: Up 1.3% (as of April 28, 2025)
Year-to-Date Performance: Down 8.8% (as of April 28, 2025)
SPDR S&P Health Care Services ETF XHS – P/E: 15.17X
One-Month Performance: Down 2.6% (as of April 28, 2025)
Year-to-Date Performance: Up 5.5% (as of April 28, 2025)
iShares US Pharmaceuticals ETF IHE – P/E: 22.28X
One-Month Performance: Down 5.1% (as of April 28, 2025)
Year-to-Date Performance: Up 2.0% (as of April 28, 2025)
 

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY): ETF Research Reports
Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLV): ETF Research Reports
SPDR S&P Health Care Services ETF (XHS): ETF Research Reports
iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF (IHE): ETF Research Reports
Medpace Holdings, Inc. (MEDP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
iShares Genomics Immunology and Healthcare ETF (IDNA): ETF Research Reports
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
An export drop is bad for China, and it adds to ominous warnings about the impact on tariffs on U.S. growth.
Chinese exports show the impact of U.S trade war, Meta’s stand-alone AI app will compete with rivals, and more news to start your day.
The P/B ratio helps to identify low-priced stocks with high growth prospects. CNC, MD, PFE, STNE and SAN are some such stocks.
We recently published a list of Why These 15 Healthcare Stocks Are Surging in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nuvectis Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:NVCT) stands against other healthcare stocks that are surging in 2025. After lagging behind the broader market in 2024, many healthcare stocks are making a […]
BridgeBio stock broke out Wednesday after its new heart drug, a rival to Pfizer's blockbuster Vyndaqel, smashed sales expectations.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...