Title: Trump Says Pharmaceutical Tariffs Coming ‘Very Shortly’
Date: 2025-04-09 09:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-says-pharmaceutical-tariffs-coming-094047688.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here. President Donald Trump said his long-promised tariffs on pharmaceutical drugs will be coming soon, the latest signal that he plans to press ahead with more sectoral tariffs despite market fallout from his global levies. “We are going to be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals,” Trump said Tuesday at a fundraising gala for House Republicans, without providing details on the planned levy. “Once we do that, they’re going to come rushing back into our country, because we’re the big market,” Trump said. “The advantage we have over everybody is that we’re the big market.” Subscribe to the Bloomberg Daybreak podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen.​​​​​​ Trump has long bemoaned a lack of domestic pharmaceutical production and has repeatedly promised tariffs to bring more capacity into the country. An index of European health care companies dropped to a two-and-a-half-year low on Wednesday, with shares in AstraZeneca Plc, Novo Nordisk A/S and Roche Holding AG falling around 7% before paring losses. A lack of information about the place of manufacturing of drug components makes any assessment of the impact of potential tariffs challenging, analysts John Murphy and Sam Fazeli from Bloomberg Intelligence said in a note. But companies with the lowest gross margins could face the biggest adverse earnings impact, they said, pointing to Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Pfizer Inc. and Sanofi SA. Trump’s administration has signaled that they’ll use so-called section 232 powers to enact the levies, though they haven’t launched the prerequisite investigation. “We’ll be announcing pharmaceuticals at some point in the not too distant future,” Trump said on March 24. “We don’t make pharmaceuticals anymore and if we have problems like wars or anything else, we need steel, we need pharmaceuticals.” Trump has already applied 25% sectoral tariffs on steel, aluminum and automobiles, while launching the process to also enact them on copper. In addition to pharmaceuticals, his administration has separately pledged additional sectoral levies including on lumber and semiconductor chips, though timing and details are unclear. Trump’s sweeping “reciprocal” tariffs announced last week, which have sapped trillions in value from American markets, exempted sectors that either already have, or may soon have, their own levies. --With assistance from Sonja Wind and Hadriana Lowenkron. (Updates with share-price moves and context after fourth paragraph.) More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. A company's book value is equal to its total assets, less its liabilities.  Book value does not consider the future at all.  For investors, deals can be had when an otherwise solid company has stock trading below its book value per share (BVPS). If you're a dividend investor, now can be an ideal time to go bargain-hunting.  The stock market is in the midst of a broad sell-off, with investors dumping all types of stocks, both bad ones and good ones.  Three dividend stocks that are near their 52-week lows and which may make for solid income-generating investments are Pfizer (NYSE: PFE), Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), and Rogers Communications (NYSE: RCI). The authorisation was based on data from the multicentre Phase III SELECT-GCA trial. In an era of economic uncertainty and market volatility, the quest for reliable income has become increasingly important for investors.  The appeal is straightforward: regular cash payments that arrive regardless of market conditions, providing a dependable income stream when it's needed most.  High-yield dividend stocks are particularly attractive in the current environment. The drug met the primary endpoint of the HERCULES trial. I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” A deluge of cheap, imported shrimp tanked the economies of small shrimping towns like Bayou La Batre in southern Alabama. Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
