BridgeBio sales of new heart drug outstrip expectations
2025-04-30 11-07
https://www.biopharmadive.com/news/bridgebio-attruby-sales-beat-expectations-kumar/746748/?.tsrc=rss
Let BioPharma Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

In its first full quarter, Attruby made more headway than analysts anticipated in its competition with Pfizer’s market-leading drug.
BridgeBio has been battling low expectations for Attruby because of its competition in a market analysts say may reach as much as $20 billion annually. For years, Pfizer’s tafamidis products were the only ones available for patients with transthyretin amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy, and the drugmaker giant racked up sales of more than $5 billion for the franchise last year.
Meanwhile, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals last month won approval to sell its Amvuttra injection for the deadly heart condition. Alnylam’s sales force already has in-depth knowledge of transthyretin amyloidosis, as the company has been selling Amvuttra for a form of the disease that causes progressive nerve damage since its approval in 2022.
Though none of the medicines have been tested against each other in head-to-head trials, BridgeBio CEO Neil Kumar believes his company’s drug may ultimately offer patients a better option. And he’s unafraid of taking on the established sales forces of his bigger rivals.
“There’s probably a degree of skepticism around `can a bunch of science nerds launch a drug,’” Kumar told BioPharma Dive after Attruby’s approval in November. “I’m going to show that we can do that.”
In its own earnings Tuesday, Pfizer acknowledged the new competition from Attruby even as it touted the “robust growth” of the tafamidis family of products. “We will work toward maintaining our market-leading position that has come from six years of establishing credibility and expertise with the cardiology community,” Pfizer said.
Over the last few months, Attruby has also won approval in the EU, U.K. and Japan. Partners will sell the drug under the brand name Beyonttra in those markets.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Despite the disease’s prevalence, endometriosis remains misunderstood, and research into drugs that might treat it draws scant funding — problems that have deep roots.
This database now covers the 50 best-selling pharmaceutical products and has been updated to reflect current patent expiry expectations. 
Subscribe to BioPharma Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Despite the disease’s prevalence, endometriosis remains misunderstood, and research into drugs that might treat it draws scant funding — problems that have deep roots.
This database now covers the 50 best-selling pharmaceutical products and has been updated to reflect current patent expiry expectations. 
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines