Title: Why Pfizer Stock Topped the Market on Tuesday
Date: 2025-04-15 22:53
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/15/why-pfizer-stock-topped-the-market-on-tuesday/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=1c016625-873e-4d82-8ff3-b3b99d7cd683&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
On Tuesday, investors continued to snap up shares of big pharmaceutical company Pfizer (PFE -1.74%). Somewhat counterintuitively, this week's rise came after the company announced it was ending the development of a drug in a very hot product category. On Tuesday, Pfizer's stock closed the day 1.5% higher, providing a pleasant contrast to the S&P 500 index's 0.2% dip.
Tuesday was a relatively uneventful news day for Pfizer, especially following the pharmaceutical giant's disclosure on Monday that it halted the development of its investigational weight loss drug danuglipron. This occurred after a patient suffered a liver injury during the testing of the medication.
Yet Pfizer watchers are well aware that the large and well-resourced company doesn't only have one pony in the race. It has a different treatment in its pipeline, PF-07976016, that's based on a different mechanism and is currently undergoing phase 2 clinical trials.
One analyst tracking the pharmaceutical stock didn't hesitate to point in a new research note published Tuesday morning that the company still has options. Bernstein SocGen's Courtney Breen wrote in her analysis, according to reports, that Pfizer will likely turn to its tried-and-true strategy of building up its pipeline with mergers and acquisitions, and/or licensing of products developed by peers.
Investors can be quite a hardy bunch, and collectively they seem to be shrugging off what many would consider a major setback in the lab with danuglipron. That being said, it is a setback, and Pfizer hasn't been a pharmaceutical pace-setter since the days of its Comirnaty vaccine during the coronavirus pandemic. The market is likely to start getting more impatient with the company soon.
Before you buy stock in Pfizer, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Pfizer wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $526,499!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 156% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/17/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Join Stock Advisor Now and Save 50%*
Act Fast! Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 662.32%!**
Our brand-new stock recommendation is about to be released to Stock Advisor members. Don't miss your chance to be the first to see it!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 17, 2025.
