Title: Down 62%, Should You Buy the Dip on Pfizer?
Date: 2025-04-08 08:40
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/08/down-62-should-you-buy-the-dip-on-pfizer/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=4d88dffc-6d0a-4cb3-97ef-b54924639afd&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Key Points The narrative around Pfizer couldn't be much worse. That makes the stock very interesting at these prices. Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer (PFE 2.75%) was a big winner during the COVID-19 pandemic. Its vaccine and antiviral pill generated billions of dollars in sales. However, that revenue source has largely dried up, and investors have shunned the stock since. Pfizer stock has drifted lower since peaking in 2022 and sits over 63% off its former high following the market's recent sell-off. I'll admit, Pfizer is dealing with a lousy narrative. Aside from the declines since the height of the pandemic, President Donald Trump's Secretary of Health and Human Services, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., has a public disdain for the pharmaceutical industry, and now investors are on edge in a highly volatile market. Yet Pfizer's upside could be rising as the price falls. Here is why it could be a smart buy now. Not every stock needs to be a millionaire-maker. Sometimes, slow and steady can win the race. Pfizer has been around in some form since the 1840s. It's one of the largest and oldest companies in the world, let alone the pharmaceutical industry. Investors typically buy value stocks for solid upside without taking too much risk. Pfizer delivers here. The dividend yield has ballooned to 7.5% at its current share price. In other words, investors are getting a 7.5% annual return on their investment as long as Pfizer continues to pay the dividend. If management raises the dividend, that's even better! For reference, the S&P 500 has returned an average of 10% annually over the past 50 years. Pfizer doesn't need to do much beyond its dividend to keep pace with the broader market. The stock's decline has also dragged Pfizer's valuation to the ground. Its current price-to-earnings ratio is less than 8 times 2025 earnings estimates. I want to be careful here and remind investors that a cheap stock can keep going down. But I think it's worth pointing out that such low valuations often apply to distressed companies, and as you'll soon see, Pfizer is on solid ground. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 731% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 146% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025 I should point out that Pfizer's dividend yield is well above its historical norms. That often signals trouble. A high-yield stock with lousy business fundamentals is frequently called a yield trap, and investors usually regret buying such stocks. Pfizer's abnormally high yield seems more a symptom of all this negative sentiment than a red flag about the dividend's sustainability. Management just raised the quarterly dividend in December, and the annual payout ($1.72 per share) is only 61% of the bottom end of management's 2025 earnings guidance. The company makes plenty of money to afford its dividend, and it seems unlikely the business would unexpectedly implode. For example, Pfizer's top seller in 2024 was Eliquis, a blood-thinning drug. That's not something people generally stop taking once they are on it. Analyst estimates anticipate minimal growth in 2025 and 2026, but Pfizer doesn't need much to maintain and grow its dividend due to the low payout ratio. It's not all rosy for Pfizer. Pharmaceutical companies depend on patents to protect their drugs from generic copycats. Eventually, those patents expire, so it's crucial to have new drugs in the pipeline to replace products as they come off patent. Pfizer's business will probably look a bit different in five years. The core patents for several of Pfizer's top sellers, including Eliquis, Prevnar, Ibrance, and Xtandi, expire in the U.S. over the next few years. Their sales will drop as low-priced generics flood the market. Fortunately, Pfizer has been preparing for this. The company used a chunk of its pandemic-related profits to acquire Seagen for $43 billion -- the acquisition positions Pfizer to grow its oncology business over the coming years. Additionally, Pfizer is developing danuglipron, an oral GLP-1 agonist drug to treat diabetes. The global GLP-1 agonist market could exceed $150 billion by 2030, so this could be a fantastic opportunity if the drug performs well. Pfizer's pipeline looks promising, but it might be hard to forecast long-term earnings growth until investors see how incoming drugs offset declines due to patent expirations. That's the risk in buying shares here. Analysts have wide-ranging expectations, with long-term earnings growth rates varying between 2.5% and over 13.8%. Even if earnings grew just 2.5% annually, the stock could still deliver 10% annualized total returns because of the dividend. It could be far better if Pfizer grows faster since that minuscule valuation would likely rise, too. That's the beauty of low expectations. It's no sure thing, but I see far more upside than downside from here. That makes Pfizer a compelling buy despite its stomach-churning 63% decline.     Before you buy stock in Pfizer, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Pfizer wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $469,399!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $590,231!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 731% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 146% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor. See the 10 stocks ›  *Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025   Justin Pope has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale! Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 584.94%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!  Continue › *$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 9, 2025. Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026 Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories. Stocks Mentioned  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Related Articles Motley Fool Returns Market-beating stocks from our flagship service. Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/09/2025. Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year. Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns. 
        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
       Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)  Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 584.94%!** While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!  Continue › *$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 9, 2025.