Title: Smaller obesity drugmakers jump after Pfizer scraps weight-loss pill
Date: 2025-04-15 14:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/smaller-obesity-drugmakers-jump-pfizer-143525028.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Shares of Viking Therapeutics (VKTX) and Structure Therapeutics (GPCR) are on the rise on Monday after Pfizer (PFE) announced its decision to discontinue development of danuglipron, an oral glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, which was being investigated for chronic weight management. While Morgan Stanley predicts “limited reaction” in Pfizer’s shares following the news, JPMorgan tells investors that the decision is “mostly a positive” for Structure and Viking, both developing drugs in the space. The Fly notes that Novo Nordisk (NVO) and Eli Lilly (LLY) manufacture some of the most popular weight loss drugs currently on the market, namely Ozempic, Wegovy, and Mounjaro.
Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter with Top Smart Score Stocks.
Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities using  Tipranks' Stock Screener.
DANUGLIPRON DISCONTINUATION: Pfizer announced the decision to discontinue development of danuglipron, an oral glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, which was being investigated for chronic weight management. Pfizer’s dose-optimization studies of once-daily formulations of danuglipron met key pharmacokinetic objectives and confirmed a formulation and dose with the potential to deliver a competitive efficacy and tolerability profile in Phase 3 testing, based on earlier studies of twice-daily danuglipron. While the overall frequency of liver enzyme elevations across the over 1,400 participant safety database of danuglipron is in-line with approved agents in the class, a single asymptomatic participant in one of the dose-optimization studies experienced potential drug-induced liver injury which resolved after discontinuation of danuglipron. After a review of the totality of information, including all clinical data generated to date for danuglipron and recent input from regulators, Pfizer has decided to discontinue development of the molecule.
“Cardiovascular and metabolic diseases including obesity remain important areas of unmet medical need, and we plan to continue applying our global capabilities to advance a pipeline of investigational treatments that have the potential to fill critical gaps in patient care, including continued development of our oral GIPR antagonist candidate and other earlier obesity programs,” said Chris Boshoff, Chief Scientific Officer and President, Research and Development at Pfizer. “While we are disappointed to discontinue the development of danuglipron, we remain committed to evaluating and advancing promising programs in an effort to bring innovative new medicines to patients.”
LIMITED REACTION: Commenting on the news, Morgan Stanley says that its sense is that investor expectations for Danu were low. With Pfizer shares trading at a greater than 7% dividend yield, which could offer support for the stock, the firm expects “a limited reaction” in the shares to the discontinuation news. Morgan Stanley keeps an Equal Weight rating and $31 price target on Pfizer shares. The firm also notes that it expects initial Phase 3 data for Eli Lilly’s Orforglipron this quarter representing the next key catalyst for the oral GLP-1 category.
MOSTLY POSITIVE: JPMorgan says Pfizer’s decision to discontinue development of danuglipron, an oral small molecule GLP-1, due to a liver toxicity issue in one patient, is “mostly a positive” for Structure Therapeutics and Viking Therapeutics. Structure is now in line to become the second small molecule oral to enter the market and Viking becomes an “even more attractive partnership candidate,” the firm tells investors in a research note. JPMorgan believes Structure shares could be modestly up, to 5%, as a result of Pfizer’s update.
PRICE ACTION: In Monday morning trading, shares of Pfizer are up modestly at $22.17, while Viking’s shares have jumped about 10% to $24.43 and Structure has rallied almost 11% to $17.77.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >>
Read More on PFE:
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
JPMorgan says Pfizer news ‘mostly a positive’ for Structure, Viking
Viking, Structure rally after Pfizer halts obesity drug development
Morgan Stanley sees ‘limited reaction’ in Pfizer shares to oral GLP-1 scrapping
Pfizer’s Danuglipron Discontinuation: Limited Impact on Stock Despite Hold Rating
Pfizer Stock (PFE) Dips after Weight-Loss Pill Halted Over Liver Injury
The financing highlights ACEN's commitment as a long-term investor in the nation's clean economy.
The proposed revisions to SMOs address developments in international standards.
The market is in a state of flux thanks to geopolitical issues around tariffs.  One Wall Street pro has a different tactic.  Maura Pape, a senior investment strategist at Bernstein Private Wealth Management, recently highlighted commercial real estate as a good investment opportunity to Bloomberg.
Scotiabank raised the firm’s price target on AngloGold Ashanti (AU) to $42 from $34 and keeps a Sector Perform rating on the shares. The firm is updating its price targets on stocks in the Gold & Precious Minerals sector, the analyst tells investors. The firm is expecting flat margins quarter-over-quarter given Q1 is a weaker operating quarter for most companies, with stronger operating performance in the second half of the year. Commentary on potential tariff impact will be a focus for most com
Verve Therapeutics stock rises on demonstrating superior LDL-C lowering ability in a phase Ib study of VERVE-102 in patients with HeFH and/or CAD.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Applovin Corp. (NASDAQ:APP) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer analyzed […]
Robust demands from the automotive, construction, and textile sectors will propel the acrylonitrile capacity additions in Asia.
The 2025 Q1 earnings season picks up considerably this week, with large-cap companies Progressive and UnitedHealth helping to headline the reporting docket. What can investors expect?
CVS Health and UnitedHealth are two of the top companies leading the S&P 500 chart YTD. But which is the better investment now? Let's take a closer look.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
