Title: The Markets Are Dropping, But These 2 Buffett Stocks Are Soaring
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 22-32
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/09/the-markets-are-dropping-but-these-2-buffett-stock/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=9561ebbc-5b48-40db-b52c-2cdd326d5478&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Warren Buffett certainly knows how to pick 'em. While the investing community reels from the impact of President Trump's tariff program, many Buffett stocks are beating the market. Beating the market in this context could still mean losses that aren't quite as bad. However, some Buffett stocks remain higher this year, and these are the kinds of established, safe stocks he loves and counts on. Consider how Coca-Cola (KO 1.30%) stock and Kroger stock (KR 3.21%) are faring as compared with the S&P 500 this year.

^SPX data by YCharts
Let's see why investors are finding these stocks compelling right now.
Coca-Cola reached a record high last week just after the tariff announcements when the markets plunged. It has since dropped a bit, too, but there's no mistaking its incredible strength in the face of massive market pressure.
Part of what has been sinking the markets is the "flight to safety," which means that investors pull their money out of riskier stocks and invest instead in rock-solid, safe stocks. Investors know that Coca-Cola is a company that won't go under even in the event of a recession and that consumers will keep buying its popular beverages.
That doesn't mean it will never struggle or report a decline; it did both early in the pandemic when revenue plummeted. But investors know that it won't go under, that it will keep serving its non-alcoholic, ready-to-drink beverages, and that people will keep buying. It also doesn't mean that Coke will be insulated from the impact of tariffs, but investors know that it will be able to manage through them.
Investors also know that Coca-Cola will pay and raise its dividend no matter what, which it continued to do under pandemic duress when its payout ratio exceeded 100%. Being able to rely on passive income despite economic pressure is an extremely attractive feature in a stock. Coca-Cola is a Dividend King, and it just raised its dividend for the 63rd year consecutively. There are only a handful or so of companies that can beat that reliability. Its yield is also usually high, although it's lower now because the stock price has jumped, coming in at 2.9% right now. That's still well above the S&P 500 average of 1.3%.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025
Buffett has praised Coca-Cola, Berkshire Hathaway's longest-held stock, time and time again, and now is one time where anyone can see why it's a great safe stock to have in a portfolio.
Like Coca-Cola, Kroger is a safer, dividend-paying stock. It's the largest premium supermarket chain in the U.S., with more than 2,700 stores under several different brand names and $147 billion in trailing-12-month revenue. Shoppers will always need groceries, and many of them prefer the premium kind instead of the discount kind.
Because Kroger reports earnings on a different schedule than many public companies, it provided its 2024 fourth-quarter report (ended Feb. 1) early in March, when tariffs were already on the table. Management feels that the impact is likely to be less than that of other companies because it operates domestically in the food space. Although it does deal with international suppliers, it feels like it has an advantage over other operators and that there will only be a small impact on its business. Because it's such a big business, it has leverage, and it's already looking into diversifying its supplier base to account for the tariff impact. This update may have had a positive effect on Kroger's stock as the tariff program rolled out, and investors already know that the impact is likely to be minimal.
Kroger stock is a fairly recent addition to the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio, and although it was somewhat distressed when Buffett and his team bought shares, it has since improved, and its stock has more than doubled over the past five years.
Kroger's dividend yield is more modest than Coke's, but it's still well above the S&P 500 average at 1.9%. Kroger is another safe stock that investors can count on to provide essentials for its customers and pay reliable passive income for years.



Before you buy stock in Coca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Coca-Cola wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


Jennifer Saibil has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool recommends Kroger. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/10/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
