Title: Top Stock Reports for Walmart, Coca-Cola & HSBC
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 20-31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-stock-reports-walmart-coca-203100481.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Tuesday, April 8, 2025The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Walmart Inc. (WMT), The Coca-Cola Co. (KO) and HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC), as well a micro-cap stock Friedman Industries Inc. Common Stock (FRD). The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You can see all of today’s research reports here >>>Ahead of Wall StreetThe daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens and attempts to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.You can read today's AWS here >>> Pre-Markets Rocket Up on Overseas OptimismToday's Featured Research ReportsWalmart’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Retail - Supermarkets industry over the past year (+41.8% vs. +40.1%). The company benefits from its diverse business model that spans multiple segments, channels and formats. The company's strong omnichannel strategy has boosted traffic across physical stores and digital platforms. Walmart's emphasis on improving delivery services has been successful, contributing to steady grocery market share gains. Upsides like these, along with growth in the advertising business, fueled fourth-quarter fiscal 2025 results, wherein the top and bottom lines increased year over year, and e-commerce sales surged. However, Walmart’s profitability is being impacted by rising selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, thanks to tech investments, higher wages and marketing. Also, volatile currency fluctuations are expected to further pressure sales in the upcoming fiscal year.(You can read the full research report on Walmart here >>>)Shares of Coca-Cola have outperformed the Zacks Beverages - Soft drinks industry over the past year (+17.9% vs. +1.3%). The company has experienced positive business trends, as evident by its strong track record of beating expectations. In fourth-quarter 2024, the company exceeded sales and earnings estimates for the eighth consecutive quarter, with earnings showing year-over-year improvement. Results benefited from continued business momentum, aided by higher pricing across markets facing intense inflation and favorable mix. Coca-Cola's all-weather strategy -- combining marketing, innovation, and revenue growth management -- supports its vision of a total beverage company and is expected to drive revenue growth in 2025. Coca-Cola has provided an optimistic view for 2025. However, Coca-Cola faces inflationary cost pressures due to higher commodity and material costs, as well as increased marketing investments.(You can read the full research report on Coca-Cola here >>>)HSBC’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Banks - Foreign industry over the past year (+28.5% vs. +8.3%). The company’s strong capital position, relatively high interest rates, global network and business simplification initiatives will keep supporting the company’s financials. As part of its Asia pivot strategy, it is moving away from less profitable markets and has announced the sale of businesses in Germany and South Africa.HSBC has exited retail operations in the U.S., Canada, France, New Zealand, Greece, Russia, Argentina and Armenia. While efforts to strengthen its market share in Asia will support financials, they will likely lead to an increase in expenses. For 2025, the company expects operating expenses to increase 3%. Additionally, the company’s subdued revenue performance -- in light of weaker loan demand amid a challenging macroeconomic backdrop -- is a concern.(You can read the full research report on HSBC here >>>)Shares of Friedman Industries have underperformed the Zacks Metal Products - Procurement and Fabrication industry over the past year (-24.6% vs. -1.4%). This microcap company with a market capitalization of $97.38 million has seen fiscal third-quarter sales decline 18.9% year over year. The tubular segment remains weak and high inventory levels pose risks amid steel price volatility. Rising costs and debt burdens could pressure profitability despite hedging strategies and operational efficiencies. Nevertheless, Friedman Industries' sales backlog grew 11% year over year in third-quarter fiscal 2025, signaling stronger demand and potential revenue recovery. Post-election stability has driven increased order activity, with fiscal fourth-quarter sales and margin expansion expected as hot-rolled coil (HRC) prices rebound. Debt fell 9% to $32.5 million, with $99.2 million in available credit supporting operations. Industry tailwinds include a projected increase in HRC prices and rising infrastructure and manufacturing investments. (You can read the full research report on Friedman Industries here >>>)Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include TotalEnergies SE (TTE), Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) and Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. - Petrobras (PBR).Mark VickerySenior EditorNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>>
Today's Must Read
Walmart (WMT) Benefits from Impressive E-Commerce Operations
Coca-Cola's (KO) All-Weather Strategy to Boost the Top Line
Focus in Asia Region, Rates Aid HSBC (HSBC), High Costs Ails
Featured Reports
Expanding LNG & Clean Energy Assets Aid TotalEnergies (TTE)Per the Zacks analyst TotalEnergies' presence in entire LNG value chain and expansion of clean energy generation through joint venture and acquisition will boost its performance.
Strategic Buyouts Aid Marsh & McLennan (MMC), Expenses HurtPer the Zacks analyst, numerous acquisitions help Marsh & McLennan expand geographically, boost current segments and develop new businesses. However, rising expenses remain a concern.
Petrobras (PBR) Aided by Brazil's Pre-Salt Oil ReservesThe Zacks analyst believes Petrobras' position in Brazil's pre-salt reserves should improve its earnings outlook, but its performance is still highly impacted by global oil price changes.
Infrastructure Investments, Clean Assets Aid NiSource (NI)Per the Zacks analyst, NiSource' investment of around $19.4 billion through 2029, will strengthen its infrastructure, and adding more clean assets in generation portfolio will drive its performance.
Hungry for MORE strategy Aids Domino's (DPZ), High Costs AilPer the Zacks analyst, Domino's benefits from focus on the Hungry for MORE strategy, digital innovation, strategic partnerships and unit expansions. However, high costs are a concern.
Strong Demand for Products Aids The Cooper Companies (COO)Per the Zacks analyst, The Cooper Companies witnessed strong demand for its products across several segments during the first quarter. The trend is likely to continue boosting the company's prospect.
Cost Cuts, Acquisitions to Aid Eastman Chemical (EMN)While the company faces headwinds from lower demand across certain markets, it will gain from cost-cutting actions and synergies of acquisitions, per the Zacks analyst.
New Upgrades
Ubiquiti (UI) Rides on Strong Demand in Enterprise TechnologyPer the Zacks analyst, healthy traction in the Enterprise Technology segment driven by the growing proliferation of IoT devices across industries will likely drive Ubiquiti's top line.
Tapestry's (TPR) Strong Digital Endeavors to Boost SalesPer the Zacks analyst, Tapestry has been directing resources toward expanding digital and data analytics capabilities. During the second quarter digital sales increased in high-single digits rates.
TripAdvisor (TRIP) Benefits From Tripadvisor Core StrengthPer the Zacks analyst, growing momentum in Tripadvisor-branded display and platform, and Tripadvisor experiences is aiding the company's Tripadvisor Core segment.
New Downgrades
Sarepta's (SRPT) Dependence on DMD Gene Therapy Sales A WoeThe Zacks Analyst is concerned with the negative sentiments around Sarepta's stock due to the reported death of a patient after infusion with Elevidys. This is likely to weigh on the top line.
Knight-Swift (KNX) Grapples With Rising Operating ExpensesPer the Zacks Analyst, high costs related to driver wages, equipment, maintenance, fuel and other expenses are increasing Knight-Swift's operating expenses. This is likely to weigh on the bottom line.
Volatile Capital Markets, High Costs Hurt Jefferies (JEF)Per the Zacks analyst, heightened volatility in the capital markets because of ongoing economic and policy concerns hurt Jefferies' top line growth. Also, a steady rise in expenses is a headwind.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (PBR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Walmart Inc. (WMT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Friedman Industries Inc. (FRD): Free Stock Analysis Report
TotalEnergies SE Sponsored ADR (TTE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Walmart, Coca-Cola, HSBC and Friedman Industries are included in this Analyst Blog.
Why investors should use the Zacks Earnings ESP tool to help find stocks that are poised to top quarterly earnings estimates.
We recently published a list of 20 Stocks Insiders Bought in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME) stands against other stocks that insiders bought in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. President Donald Trump called April 2 a “Liberation Day” after signing […]
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Insurance Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (NYSE:MMC) stands against the other insurance stocks held by hedge funds. The insurance stocks have done better in 2025 despite the […]
About 1 in 7 Americans has unclaimed money, and more than $4 billion is returned annually.
Gary Locke, Former Ambassador to China, discusses what may happen to the trading relationship between China & the US if the Trump Administration decides to impose a 104% tariff on China Wednesday. Locke goes into detail on how this 104% tariff will affect the prices of goods Americans buy, and make American made goods less appealing to Chinese consumers. He also talks about whether President Trump's reciprocal tariffs will make US trading partners more likely to trade with China rather than the US. Gary Locke speaks with Kailey Leinz and Joe Mathieu on the late edition of Bloomberg's "Balance of Power."
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
