Title: Nvidia (NVDA) Is “Best Place to Hide Right Now,” Analyst Says
Date: 2025-04-15 14:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-nvda-best-place-hide-144408036.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Speaking on CNBC recently, Chris Caso, a senior analyst at Wolfe Research, said that "the AI space and tariffs in particular are... the best places to hide right now." More of Caso's Comments on NVDA Nvidia's valuation is attractive, and the tech giant's recently announced decision to manufacture its upcoming chips at Taiwan Semi's (TSM) factories in Arizona "is real," since the facilities can manufacture those semiconductors, Caso stated. Similarly, NVDA's plan to build some of its AI servers in the U.S. "makes absolute sense." In light of these devices high profit margins, NVDA will not be badly hurt by the added cost of manufacturing them in America, Caso explained. Additionally, NVDA can avoid tariffs by manufacturing a portion of its products in Mexico, the analyst suggested. Caso's Outlook on the Impact of Tariffs on the Chip Sector Tariffs on consumer electronic products would meaningfully lower the demand for chips, Caso indicated. However, tariffs on the chips "would be less of a problem" because Chinese manufacturers put many chips into consumer electronic products, he stated. While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. Apple (AAPL) will effectively develop Apple Intelligence, while “new form factors” will boost the tech giant’s 2026 revenue, Angelo Zino, a senior equity analyst at CFRA Research predicted recently on the Schwab Network. Zino has a $235 price target and a Buy rating on the shares. Apple’s Positive Catalysts The development of Apple Intelligence, which […] The stock market and the U.S. dollar are retreating side by side, and history, while limited, suggests investors should stay on their toes. The S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) is down 10% so far this year. Let's discuss some reasons why Realty Income (NYSE: O) and Dollar General (NYSE: DG) could make great long-term buys. Since its founding in 1969, Realty Income has grown to become America's eighth-largest real estate investment trust (REIT) -- a type of business structure that allows a company to avoid taxes if it returns 90% of its income to shareholders through a dividend. This popular candy brand launched an unexpected snack that might be even better than the original. Despite recent stock market volatility, JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) shares are down just 1% year to date, outperforming the 9% decline in the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) at the time of writing. The banking giant continues to benefit from its fortress-like balance sheet and global diversification, making it well-positioned to navigate any economic environment. JPMorgan topped Wall Street estimates, with revenue climbing 8% year over year, while earnings per share (EPS) of $5.07 was up 14% from the prior-year quarter. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
