Title: These Stocks Moved the Most Today: Walmart, Apple, Tesla, Delta, Bristol Myers, Nvidia, Ford, and More
Date: 2025-04-09 20:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/f96365e4-d84d-3da8-aa1b-37b0136e234e/these-stocks-moved-the-most.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Walmart, Apple, Tesla, and Nvidia shares jump after President Donald Trump says he will be delaying tariffs above 10% on some countries for 90 days. Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far. Cognizant teams up with OMRON to transform manufacturing with IT-OT integration, offering smart solutions for enhanced productivity and sustainability. The recently-battered Magnificent Seven stocks got some much-needed relief in the form of Trump's tariff pause. Tesla shares climbed more than 17%, while Nvidia and Meta shares also notched double-digit gains. The sweeping tariffs imposed by the Trump administration — including a 104% duty on Chinese imports — have one analyst calling the move an “Armageddon scenario” for the U.S. technology sector. The tech industry tried to cozy up to the Trump Administration in the hopes that it could avoid getting caught in the crossfire of his policy moves. But they couldn't dodge his tariffs. Bernstein analyst Daniel Roeska downgraded Ford Motor stock to Sell from Hold. He had downgraded GM to Sell from Hold on Monday. President Trump's announcement of tariffs on imports from countries worldwide has rocked the stock market -- and the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) has led the decline, crashing more than 20% from its most recent high.  Why are tech stocks being hit so hard?  All this has prompted investors to worry about tech earnings ahead, fleeing shares of these companies. Teens appear to be staying upbeat on the economy despite a sliding stock market and slowing economic growth. Tesla  stock soared on Wednesday after President Donald Trump paused his so-called reciprocal tariffs on countries other than China for 90 days.  It’s also a sharp reversal from the past week: Coming into Wednesday trading, Tesla stock had dived 21.5% since Trump had announced widespread tariffs on April 2.  Before the tariff news, Tesla shares got a bump from Benchmark analyst Mickey Legg, adding Tesla stock to “Benchmark’s Best Ideas” list. Tesla shares soared in Wednesday afternoon trading, leading other Magnificent Seven members higher amid a broad relief rally as President Trump announced a 90-day pause on some of the tariffs announced last week. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
