Title: CTSH Expands Clientele With OMRON Deal: Buy, Sell or Hold the Stock?
Date: 2025-04-09 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ctsh-expands-clientele-omron-deal-190000515.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Cognizant Technology Solutions CTSH is expanding its clientele through its partnership with Omron OMRNY, which aims to integrate Information Technology (IT) and Operational Technology (OT) in the manufacturing industry. As the engineering partner for Omron’s Industrial Automation Business (IAB), Cognizant will combine its expertise in cloud AI, IOT, and digital twin technologies with Omron’s advanced OT solutions, including sensors, controllers, and robotics.The joint offering will also provide a comprehensive solution to improve operational efficiency, sustainability, and productivity across industries such as automotive, semiconductor, and life sciences. The partnership also aims to deliver continuous IT-OT improvements to optimize manufacturing processes and reduce environmental impact. Cognizant shares have plunged 13.6% in the year-to-date period compared with the broader Zacks Computer & Technology sector’s decline of 20.8%. This is attributed to an expanding clientele and a strong partner base. A favorable mix of business renewals and expansions of new opportunities are major drivers for Cognizant in 2025. Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation price-consensus-chart | Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation Quote The company’s expanding partner base, which includes Omron, NVIDIA NVDA,  ServiceNow NOW, Boehringer Ingelheim, CrowdStrike, Zscaler, IBM, Palo Alto Networks and Amazon, is expected to drive its prospects in 2025. In the fourth quarter of 2024, CTSH secured 10 large deals, up from seven in the previous year, bringing the total to 29 large deals for the year.In March, Cognizant launched an AI-powered dispute management solution in partnership with ServiceNow. The solution leverages ServiceNow’s advanced dispute management technology to streamline dispute resolution for mid-market banks in North America.Cognizant, in collaboration with NVIDIA, announced advancements in AI technology. It leverages NVIDIA’s advanced AI solutions across five key areas, including enterprise AI agents, industry-specific large language models, digital twins for smart manufacturing, AI infrastructure, and the integration of NVIDIA’s AI technology into Cognizant’s Neuro AI platform to drive business transformation. Cognizant’s strong portfolio and expanding partner base reflect solid top-line growth potential over the long run. CTSH expects first-quarter 2025 revenues between $5 billion and $5.1 billion, indicating growth of 5.6-7.1% and an increase of 6.5-8% on a cc basis.For 2025, revenues are expected to be $20.3-$20.8 billion, implying an increase of 2.6-5.1% on a reported basis and growth of 3.5-6% on a cc basis.The adjusted operating margin for 2025 is expected to be 15.5-15.7% (an increase of 20-40 basis points).Adjusted earnings for 2025 are expected to be between $4.90 and $5.06 per share. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter 2025 revenues is pegged at $5.07 billion, indicating year-over-year growth of 6.47%.The consensus mark for earnings is pegged at $1.19 per share, which remained unchanged over the past 30 days. The figure implies a year-over-year increase of 6.25%.The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2025 revenues is pegged at $20.56 billion, indicating year-over-year growth of 4.16%.The consensus mark for earnings is pegged at $4.96 per share, which has declined by 0.4% over the past 30 days. The figure implies a year-over-year increase of 4.42%.Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar. Despite Cognizant’s expanding clientele, macroeconomic challenges and ongoing cost optimization pressures across some sectors have posed challenges. A broader market weakness in the tech sector and persistent fear over mounting tariffs by the current government have added to the pressure.CTSH is also experiencing a negative impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, which is expected to reduce revenue growth and impact other financial metrics.Cognizant also expects a slight margin decline in the first quarter of 2025 due to seasonality, which will impact the company’s near-term profitability.Cognizant currently carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell), which implies that investors should stay away from the stock for the time being. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) : Free Stock Analysis Report Omron Corp. (OMRNY) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research The recently-battered Magnificent Seven stocks got some much-needed relief in the form of Trump's tariff pause. Tesla shares climbed more than 17%, while Nvidia and Meta shares also notched double-digit gains. The sweeping tariffs imposed by the Trump administration — including a 104% duty on Chinese imports — have one analyst calling the move an “Armageddon scenario” for the U.S. technology sector. Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far. Teens appear to be staying upbeat on the economy despite a sliding stock market and slowing economic growth. The tech giants can be defensive stocks in a trade war not because they are insulated but because they are enormous, cash-rich, and have sprawling businesses. Walmart, Apple, Tesla, and Nvidia shares jump after President Donald Trump says he will be delaying tariffs above 10% on some countries for 90 days. The tech industry tried to cozy up to the Trump Administration in the hopes that it could avoid getting caught in the crossfire of his policy moves. But they couldn't dodge his tariffs. Tesla shares soared in Wednesday afternoon trading, leading other Magnificent Seven members higher amid a broad relief rally as President Trump announced a 90-day pause on some of the tariffs announced last week. Micron (NASDAQ: MU) stock lost ground in Tuesday's extremely volatile trading session.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite ended the session down 2.1% and 2.9%, respectively.  The stock market jumped early in today's trading following news that trade negotiations between the U.S. and Japan were imminent, but the gains didn't hold. Investment bank TD Cowen lowered its price target on Nvidia (NVDA) stock to $140 from $175 today but kept a Buy rating on the shares. NVDA Has Many Positive Attributes, TD Cowen Says The chip maker should be boosted by its strong technology, while the firm’s long-term outlook is positive, according to the investment bank. […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
