Title: Is NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA) the Best NASDAQ Stock to Buy So Far in 2025_
Date: 2025-04-16 21:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-corp-nvda-best-nasdaq-210516724.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of 13 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other NASDAQ stocks to buy in 2025. On April 4, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives appeared on CNBC to discuss the potential impact of current tariffs and compared the situation to an economic armageddon. If the current tariffs remain in place, Ives thinks it would lead to a 15% to 20% demand reduction across the board. He thinks that investor anxiety is much higher considering how things were in the March 2020 COVID-19 crash earlier. The analyst thinks that investors should now focus on the likelihood of tariff adjustments from comments about negotiations, the impact on consumer-focused companies, and the potential for demand destruction. He even thinks that companies may refuse to provide guidance in the first-quarter earnings calls due to the persistent tariff uncertainty. Ives thinks that a lot of tech companies will not be able to absorb high tariff increases and rather this cost will be passed on to the consumers which will lead to significant margin erosion and even potential sales declines. He indicated that tech stocks are currently pricing in a 10% to 15% cut to numbers. He suggests that investors should now look at companies with strong long-term potential as he believes earnings may normalize in 2025 and 2026. The analyst also addressed the defensive performance of defense contractors. While acknowledging the relative stability here, Ives cautioned that even these even such sectors are not immune to tariffs. He noted the significant foreign component, specifically 40% to 50% in some instances, in hardware and other sectors. We sifted through the financial media reports to compile a list of the top NASDAQ stocks to buy for 2025. We then selected the 13 stocks that were the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 900 elite money managers. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A close-up of a colorful high-end graphics card being plugged in to a gaming computer. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 223 NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is a computing infrastructure company. The company’s Compute & Networking segment primarily includes Data Center computing platforms and end-to-end networking platforms. The main offerings in its Graphics segment encompass the GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service, and related infrastructures. The company’s Data Center segment is foundational to its growth and grew by 93% year-over-year in FQ4 2025, while it doubled year-over-year for the full fiscal year 2025. This growth was driven by the rapidly increasing demand for AI infrastructure. 50% of the company’s total revenue comes from major cloud providers. However, these providers are currently looking for more cost-effective alternatives and trying to reduce their reliance on NVIDIA Corp. (NASDAQ:NVDA) after seeing developments like that of DeepSeek. For this reason, the company’s FQ1 2026 revenue growth guidance is also 9.4% sequentially, which is lower than the previous 12% figure. At the same time, new US AI Diffusion Rules have also been introduced. These rules aim to control the global distribution of advanced AI chips and other technologies so that the spread of powerful AI can be regulated.  However, Bank of America still reaffirmed its Buy rating on the company with a $200 price target of March 28. This is because Large CSPs like Azure, GCP, AWS, and OCI are using the company’s Blackwell systems to meet their growing infrastructure demands. Guinness Global Innovators is highly bullish on NVIDIA Corp. (NASDAQ:NVDA) due to its dominant AI chip market position. It stated the following in its Q4 2024 investor letter: “For a second year running, NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) was the Fund’s top performing stock, delivering a stellar return of +177.7% over the year. Since the beginning of last year, Nvidia’s ‘Hopper’ GPUs have been at the centre of exploding demand for chips powerful and efficient enough to facilitate the energy intensive requirements of AI processes within datacentres. Initially possessing over 95% of market share in these types of chips, Nvidia have been quick to entrench their position as the technological leader in the space, launching the successor to the current ‘Hopper’ GPU in March, Blackwell, inhibiting the likes of AMD and Intel making meaningful inroads in taking share of the fast-growing market. Compared to the previous iteration (Hopper) which is continuing to fuel Nvidia’s extreme revenue growth, the Blackwell chip is twice as powerful for training AI models and has 5 times the capability when it comes to “inference” (the speed at which AI models respond to queries). Throughout the year, Nvidia’s financial performance has remained resilient. Quarterly revenues hit $35.1 billion in their most recent quarter, beating consensus expectations by 6% and representing a +94% year-over-year increase. Additionally, Nvidia’s data centre segment, driven by the Hopper (H100) chip, grew fivefold over the past year, underscoring the sustained demand for advanced AI infrastructure. The H100 chip, priced at around $40,000, continues to see significant adoption due to its ability to enhance AI model training efficiency while lowering overall costs. This growth is expected to continue as companies invest in upgrading existing data centres and building new ones, with Nvidia well-positioned to capture a significant share of the estimated $2 trillion market opportunity over the next five years. There have been some concerns over Blackwell production delays causing share price volatility however, Nvidia has recovered swiftly, driven by positive earnings results through the year and assurances from management regarding future supply. Additionally, the release of the H200 chip promises to extend Nvidia’s technological leadership, ensuring continued momentum into 2025. While Nvidia’s valuation remains a topic of debate, the stock is not at a significant premium to history, and it still appears reasonable given its dominant market position, innovative prowess, and exposure to long-term secular growth trends in AI, cloud computing, and data infrastructure. As a result, Nvidia remains well-positioned to deliver sustained outperformance over the long term, making it a cornerstone of growth-oriented portfolios.” Overall, NVDA ranks 5th on our list of the best NASDAQ stocks to buy so far in 2025. While we acknowledge the growth potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. We recently published a list of 13 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other NASDAQ stocks to buy in 2025. On April 4, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives appeared on CNBC to discuss the potential impact […] We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US stock market […] C3.ai stock got a lift after a tariff pause last week but succumbed to resistance at the 21-day moving average. We recently published a list of the 10 Best Dividend Monarchs to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) stands against other best dividend monarchs. Dividend-focused investors are generally well-acquainted with terms like Dividend Aristocrats and Dividend Kings, but many may not […] On Wednesday, Walmart (NYSE: WMT) stock was guilty by association in the eyes of the market, a dynamic reflected in a share price drop of nearly 3%.  A top investment bank published a downbeat research note on a major peer in the retail world, and the bearishness spread to Walmart's stock.  Overall, however, few investors were enthusiastic about any stocks, as Walmart's decline was only slightly steeper than the S&P 500's (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) 2.2% dip. We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Walmart Inc. (NYSE:WMT) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US stock market […] We came across a bullish thesis on Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) on Substack by Felix. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on NVO. Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO)’s share was trading at $64.49 as of April 15th. NVO’s trailing and forward P/E were 18.76 and 15.41 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Novo Nordisk, a dominant […] We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US stock market […] World stocks fell into a downward spiral on Wednesday led by tech losses after Washington said it is putting new curbs on AI chip exports to China, marking an escalation in the global trade war.  The Trump administration's latest broadside sparked huge demand for safe-haven assets like gold, the Swiss franc and U.S. Treasuries, even though Fed Chair Jerome Powell signalled he is in no rush to cut interest rates.  If U.S. Big Tech had acquired a safe-haven status in the eyes of some investors in recent years, it is disappearing fast. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
