Title: Software Stocks Are Way Down, But Shouldn’t Be. Microsoft and 2 More to Buy.
Date: 2025-04-16 19:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/74311f55-b5e8-3d85-97da-6a10a1128dfe/software-stocks-are-way-down%2C.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. President Donald Trump’s tariffs, which are expected to slow economic growth, could cause companies to reduce their technology budgets in the face of uncertain demand and profits. Already, chief information officers surveyed by Morgan Stanley software analyst Keith Weiss have indicated they expect to grow their budgets by just over 3% this year on average, down from an expectation of just over 4% before Trump’s tariff announcements. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s […] We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US stock market […] MSFT outpaces ORCL with stronger cloud growth, AI innovation, and financial resilience, thus offering superior long-term investment potential. We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading […] All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say. We recently published a list of 19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Science Applications International Corporation (NASDAQ:SAIC) stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. On April 2, 2025, President Donald […] (Bloomberg) -- OpenAI is in talks to acquire Windsurf, an artificial intelligence-assisted coding tool formerly known as Codeium, for about $3 billion, according to a person familiar with the matter. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe deal would be OpenAI’s largest acquisition to date, and coul We recently published a list of Jim Cramer is Bullish on These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CrowdStrike (NASDAQ:CRWD) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host, Jim Cramer, shared his perspective on how investors might approach the stock market given […] One of the rare Wall Street analysts who is bearish on Meta Platforms further cut his price target for the stock, saying the Facebook parent company is "starting to look vulnerable to a growth slowdown."  BNP Paribas Exane analyst Stefan Slowinksi cut his price target for Meta stock to 448 from a previous 505 in a client note late Tuesday.  Slowinski initiated coverage of Meta with the sell-equivalent call nearly 12 months ago. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
