Title: Veteran Analyst Is Bullish on NVDA, MSFT, AVGO
Date: 2025-04-16 17:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veteran-analyst-bullish-nvda-msft-174009973.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Despite the stock market's current volatility, the longer-term outlook of technology is bright because large companies are going to invest in AI in order to reduce their costs and grow, Daniel Newman, the CEO of the Futurum Group told Schwab Network today. Newman is most bullish on tech names that have a great deal of exposure to large companies and relatively little exposure to consumers. He identified Nvidia (NVDA), Microsoft (MSFT), and Broadcom (AVGO) as three stocks that he likes at this point. Why Newman Is Bullish on NVDA Nvidia is a leader in its space, and has the "software framework, (and) stacks" that it needs to succeed, Newman stated. Additionally, it will benefit from huge capital expenditures by the major cloud players, including Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) and Microsoft (MSFT), Newman asserted. Why Newman Is Upbeat on MSFT and AVGO MSFT will benefit from the large amount of revenue that it obtains from companies and its low exposure to consumers, Newman stated. Moreover, its high capital expenditures will improve its position coming out of any economic downturn, the tech analyst predicted. AVGO is helping the large cloud players develop their own AI infrastructure. Over the longer term, the major cloud developers will want to create a significant amount of such infrastructure to become more independent, according to Newman. While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. On Tuesday, Broadcom Inc (NASDAQ:AVGO) announced Incident Prediction, a security capability that extends Adaptive Protection, a feature of Symantec Endpoint Security Complete (SES-C), by leveraging AI to identify and disrupt living-off-the-land (LOTL) attacks and other cyber threats. Trained on a catalog of over 500,000 real-world attack chains built by the Symantec Threat Hunter Team, Incident Prediction predicts attackers’ behaviors, prevents their next move in the attack chain even when using We recently published a list of 13 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other NASDAQ stocks to buy in 2025. On April 4, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives appeared on CNBC to discuss the potential impact […] We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, […] All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say. Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise... (Bloomberg) -- OpenAI is in talks to acquire Windsurf, an artificial intelligence-assisted coding tool formerly known as Codeium, for about $3 billion, according to a person familiar with the matter. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe deal would be OpenAI’s largest acquisition to date, and coul At a time when many cryptocurrencies are losing value, the single best crypto investment opportunity of 2025 could turn out to be stablecoins.  What is a stablecoin?  The easiest way to think about stablecoins is that they are digital dollars. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
