Title: Apple falls from world’s most valuable company spot
Date: 2025-04-09 14:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-falls-world-most-valuable-142011423.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Apple has lost its spot as the world’s most valuable company. Tariffs have decimated its market cap. That has allowed Microsoft to once again claim the top ranking, but only by a narrow margin. As shares of Apple continue to slide following Donald Trump’s tariff announcements, the company has lost its bragging rights as being the world’s most valuable. Apple’s market capitalization has dropped from $3.85 trillion last December to $2.65 trillion as of Wednesday morning. This follows a share price drop of roughly 20% since Trump announced the tariffs. With the drop, Microsoft once again takes the top spot, though by the smallest of margins. That tech giant’s market cap currently stands at $2.67 trillion, well off its own high. Last July, the maker of Windows was worth $3.48 trillion. Microsoft, which turned 50 last week, last held the title of world’s most valuable company in June. The broad tariffs have played a big role in decimating that value, however. Apple is particularly vulnerable, owing to its reliance on physical goods, like the iPhone and AirPods. Microsoft has been spared the worst of the post-tariff drop off because it makes more from software and services. That advantage might not last much longer, however. The European Union is threatening to post retaliatory tariffs on not just physical goods, but tech services as well—a move that would impact a suite of Big Tech companies. Microsoft would likely feel some pain, but so would Google, Apple, Amazon, and more. Tariffs on services are allowed as part of what the EU calls the Anti-Coercion Instrument. Adopted in 2023, it was designed to defend the EU against a trade war with China, but now it’s being seen as a potential tool to battle Trump. Some EU officials refer to it as the “bazooka.” Shares of both Apple and Microsoft were higher in early trading Wednesday.  This story was originally featured on Fortune.com Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far. Recycling industry analysts say high-level trends affecting markets and manufacturing will affect recyclers as trade war uncertainties continue. PC shipments rose 4.9% in the first quarter of 2025, but looming tariffs and inflation threaten to derail the market's momentum. Crypto plunges as China’s 84% tariff sparks global risk selloff; Bitcoin dominance rises amid extreme fear and liquidity stress. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) has reportedly fired two employees who disrupted the tech giant's 50th-anniversary event on Friday after protesting the company's contracts with Israel and accusing its AI CEO of war profiteering. What Happened: Ibtihal Aboussad and Vaniya Agrawal, both Microsoft employees, staged protests during the company's high-profile 50th-anniversary event in Redmond, Washington. Don’t Miss: Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transform Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Want to know what influences stock prices? Let’s take a look at the key drivers. A deluge of cheap, imported shrimp tanked the economies of small shrimping towns like Bayou La Batre in southern Alabama. The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
