Title: Should You Brace for Mag-7 ETFs Before It's Too Late_
Date: 2025-04-15 17:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/brace-mag-7-etfs-too-170000306.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. The group of tech giants — Apple AAPL, Amazon AMZN, Microsoft MSFT, NVIDIA NVDA, Tesla TSLA, Alphabet GOOGL and Meta META — known as the "Magnificent Seven" has been battered during the ongoing tariff turmoil. Roundhill Magnificent Seven ETF MAGS has lost 5.9% past month (as of April 14, 2025). However, the group may see a turnaround once the first-quarter earnings season concludes, according to a note from Canaccord Genuity analyst Michael Graham, as quoted on CNBC. The cluster of tech giants is slowly regaining investor attention. Following two years of explosive growth driven by the AI boom, these giants have cooled significantly, with valuations now falling to levels last seen before ChatGPT launched in late 2022. While the recent pause in retaliatory tariffs on electronics offers some relief, Graham believes the companies will still strike a cautious tone in their guidance. He noted that many of these firms are still vulnerable to potential regulatory retaliation. After all, the trade environment, though improved over the past week, is still volatile. However, the risk level for investors should significantly fall post Q1 earnings season as, by that time, we would have the companies’ rhetorics. Stock prices have come down considerably. Amazon’s trailing 12-month price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, for example, is now at 32—down sharply from 86 on the day ChatGPT debuted. NVIDIA, long considered the top AI play, has also seen its P/E fall to 36 from the mid-50s. Other mega-cap tech names show similar trends. Apple trades at a 29 P/E, nearly back to its pre-AI rally level of 25. Alphabet is at 18, in line with late 2022, and Microsoft sits at 29, slightly above its previous 26. Only exceptions are Tesla and Meta. Tesla’s P/E ratio has surged to 119, well above its 2022 level of 70, while Meta Platforms trades at 23 compared to just 10 pre-AI. However, most of the Magnificent Seven remain deep in correction territory or the bear market. Last week saw a wave of bargain-hunting amid market volatility. The latest announcement of some kind of tariff exemptions to electronics imports may act as a major tailwind. While many are now interested in individual stock picking in the Mag-7 group (based on each company's individual strength and weakness), the group's core strengths remain intact: solid balance sheets, and enduring competitive advantages, per analysts. Bottom Line  No one underrates the opportunities in the -Mag-7 group. But the era of group-wide rallies appears to be over, replaced by more scrutinized stock selection and measured optimism. Despite more attractive valuations, investors are no longer treating the group as the pillar of Wall Street. The “Magnificent Seven” have probably fallen from grace. Stock performances within the group have diverged, due to factors such as new cheaper-cost AI entrants (e.g., DeepSeek) and individual companies’ ability to handle broader macro uncertainty (read: Will the Rise of DeepSeek Usher in a New AI Era? ETFs in Focus). . ETF Picks Microsoft and Alphabet shares have been less beaten down over the tumultuous past month. MSFT-heavy exchange-traded funds (ETFs) like iShares Global Tech ETF IXN and Alphabet-heavy ETFs like Fidelity MSCI Communication Services Index ETF FCOM can be played. However, these ETFs also house other Mag-7 constituents. Due to the incessant chip demand, NVIDIA deserves a mention, and so does NVDA-heavy ETF Strive U.S. Semiconductor ETF SHOC. And if you want to go for group-wide picks, you have options like MAGS, Vanguard Mega Cap Growth ETF MGK, Invesco S&P 500 Top 50 ETF XLG and iShares S&P 100 ETF OEF to play on.  Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Fidelity MSCI Communication Services Index ETF (FCOM): ETF Research Reports Invesco S&P 500 Top 50 ETF (XLG): ETF Research Reports iShares Global Tech ETF (IXN): ETF Research Reports Vanguard Mega Cap Growth ETF (MGK): ETF Research Reports iShares S&P 100 ETF (OEF): ETF Research Reports Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report Strive U.S. Semiconductor ETF (SHOC): ETF Research Reports This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Bank of America and Citigroup post better-than-expected first-quarter earnings, a report says China ordered a halt to Boeing jet deliveries as part of the escalating trade war with the U.S., and Tesla stock rises after its chart forms a ‘death cross.’ The Trump administration launched a trade probe into semiconductors that could lead to tariffs and broaden an already sweeping trade war. The Commerce Department is looking at how the importing of chips impacts national security. Mandeep Singh of Bloomberg Intelligence talks about how this could impact chip makers Nvidia and TSMC. A significant “endeavor at this size and scale requires agility and refinement as we learn and grow with our customers,” Microsoft’s Noelle Walsh said. It is said that there are two guarantees in life, one being taxes and the other death. And though many would prefer the latter as Tax Day 2025 is here, tax preparers couldn't be clearer as to what... We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Walmart Inc. (NYSE:WMT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing […] Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
