Bond Rebound Relieves Markets Dazed by Week of Trade Turmoil
2025-04-15 04:43
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bond-market-rebound-relieves-markets-200910752.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.(Bloomberg) -- Wall Street on Monday finally caught a respite from the deep selloffs and unusually sharp swings that have raced through markets ever since President Donald Trump unleashed his global trade war.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThat was most evident in the Treasuries market. US government bonds rebounded from a five-day selloff that last week sent 10-year yields surging by the most in over two decades and fanned fears that an accelerating exodus from the securities would push the financial system toward a crisis.The relief — however fleeting it may turn out to be — was echoed in the equity market, where major indexes saw modest gains after Trump extended a temporary tariff exemption to imports of smartphones and other electronics and did nothing new to accelerate his conflict with China.“No news is good news in this environment,” said Adam Phillips, managing director of investments at EP Wealth Advisors.“We’re not saying the bottoms are in — we’re hopeful they are — but things can flare up at any time. One press conference or post on X could spark new headwinds,” he said. “We’re not in the clear yet.”The bond market’s recovery pulled down the benchmark 10-year Treasury rate by about 12 basis points on Monday as bonds advanced across the curve. The move extended on Tuesday in Asia, with the 10-year yield falling three basis points to 4.35%. Yields on Australia and New Zealand sovereign notes also dropped.The rebound in bonds eased concerns that built last week, when a steady rise in yields threatened to deal the US economy another hit by pushing up the cost of all kinds of loans. There was speculation it may worsen as Trump undermines confidence in US policy, with some speculating the Federal Reserve would potentially need to step in.But yields had risen so much — and so quickly — that by Monday some on Wall Street were seeing it as a chance to buy, especially since bonds will likely gain if the economy stalls and the Fed resumes cutting interest rates.Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent moved to tamp down concerns about the market in an interview with Bloomberg Television, saying he has tools to steady it, such as buybacks, if needed. He also said there’s no evidence that overseas governments are selling their stockpiles of Treasuries.JPMorgan Asset Management’s Bob Michele, the global head of fixed income, said in an interview on Bloomberg Television that Treasuries may have hit bottom. Barclays Plc said five-year notes were attractive given the “downside risks.”“You do appreciate some of the stability in the market,” said Vishal Khanduja, head of broader fixed-income markets at Morgan Stanley Investment Management. “These yield levels are compelling for a country that is going into a slower growth environment at best.”There remains little doubt that Trump’s shifting tariff policies are poised to exert a major drag on the economy by keeping businesses in wait-and-see mode and damping consumer confidence. Wall Street traders dazed by the rapid-fire reversals in the days since Trump’s tariff announcements said they have no confidence the volatility is over with.The VIX Index — known as Wall Street’s fear gauge — remains higher than it was on April 2, even though it has pulled back from recent peaks. A similar gauge for the Treasury market points to continued volatility. The 10-day realized volatility on the S&P 500 remains at the highest since the early days of the pandemic.By recent standards, though, the swings on Monday were far less jarring than last week, when the S&P 500 swung more than 10% in a single session. The S&P 500 ended the day up 0.8% after paring its gains late in the trading day.“What we’ve experienced over the last couple of weeks is it feels like the administration is trying to get its footing on its international trade policy in real time,” said Keith Buchanan, senior portfolio manager at Globalt Investments. “We’re all trying to figure out what the heck is going on.”--With assistance from Michael Mackenzie, Isabelle Lee and Tian Chen.(Adds 7th paragraph to include the latest bond yields on Tuesday.)Most Read from Bloomberg BusinessweekThe Beauty Salon Recession IndicatorTrump Is Firing the Wrong People, on PurposeGM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s AmericaCheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, ActuallyWorld Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US©2025 Bloomberg L.P.Spring is usually a busy period at the Ben Reid Garden Centre on the outskirts of Aberdeen. But this year it has come with a chill for the 250-year-old family business.NAIROBI/LAGOS (Reuters) -A steep drop in crude oil prices largely due to U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs will squeeze budgets of emerging market oil exporters, analysts said, while the potential economic slowdown could also curb any benefits for importers.  Concerns about the impact of a tit-for-tat trade war on global growth and demand for oil sent Brent crude prices plummeting by more than 20% within a week to a four-year low after Trump announced his sweeping tariffs on April 2.  Turkey, India, Pakistan, Morocco and much of emerging Europe relying on oil imports are set to see some benefits from lower prices of crude.The company, which generates 56.8% of its revenue from automotive location technology, limited its business decline in the first quarter, posting 79.7 million euros in revenue - beating the consensus estimate of 76 million euros.  TomTom benefited from an 18% growth in its enterprise location technology business due to the continued adoption of their platform by customers such as Microsoft and Esri.  "Given market conditions in Automotive, we continue to have limited visibility for 2025," Chief Financial Officer Taco Titulaer said in a statement after TomTom confirmed its 2025 outlook.Lazard is strengthening its footprint in the United Arab Emirates by opening an office in the capital city of Abu Dhabi which will serve as the investment bank's main financial advisory hub in the country, it said on Tuesday.  "We are excited to reinforce our presence in the UAE, a country of strategic importance and remarkable opportunity," said CEO and Chairman Peter Orszag.  Abu Dhabi in recent years has seen an inflow of global banks such as Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, which have set up base in the oil-rich emirate to service an increasingly diverse investor pool of wealthy clients, including sovereign funds which together manage almost $2 trillion.Investors will seek clarity on the risks posed by tariffs U.S. President Donald Trump plans to impose on the semiconductor industry when computer chip equipment maker ASML reports first-quarter earnings on Wednesday.  Trump spared semiconductor equipment makers like ASML, from the 10% "baseline" tariffs on Sunday, as he prepares a sector-wide tariff on chips.  Net bookings, the most closely watched figure in the industry, are expected to reach 4.89 billion euros ($5.56 billion) in the first quarter of the year, according to estimates compiled by researcher Visible Alpha.(Reuters) -Applied Materials has bought a 9% stake in BE Semiconductor industries (BESI), the U.S.-based computer chip equipment supplier said on Monday.  The transaction makes it the largest shareholder of the Dutch company making advanced semiconductors packaging tools, above Blackrock Institutional Trust, according to LSEG data.  BESI's shares rose 9% in early trade and could see their largest one-day rise in more than a year if the gains hold.Nissan will cut Japanese production of its top-selling U.S. model, the Rogue SUV, over May-July, said a person familiar with the matter, becoming the latest global automaker to alter manufacturing plans in response to new U.S. import tariffs.  U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to slap a 25% levy on cars built overseas has upended the global automotive supply chain.  Nissan, Japan's third-largest carmaker, is more exposed than some rivals.(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortagePresident Donald Trump’s administration pressed forward with plans to impose tariffs on semiconductor and pharmaceutical imports by initiating tradeStill, currency markets were a lot calmer in Asian hours after last week's turmoil that badly bruised the dollar despite a surge in Treasury yields, highlighting shaky investor confidence in the greenback and U.S. assets.  Market focus has been on the ever-shifting tariff headlines with the U.S. removing smartphones and other electronics from its duties on China over the weekend providing some relief, although comments from President Donald Trump suggested the reprieve is likely to be for a short time.  Trump's imposition and then abrupt postponement of most tariffs on goods imported to the U.S. has sowed confusion, adding to the uncertainty for investors and policymakers around the world.Trump wants low interest rates, but his own tariffs are pushing them higher. Investors now fear some unorthodox scheme to force rates down that could end up even worse than tariffs.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.