Title: JP Morgan cuts oil price forecasts on weak demand, higher output
Date: 2025-04-14 18:20
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/jp-morgan-cuts-oil-price-182015399.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
(Reuters) - JP Morgan on Monday lowered its oil price forecasts for 2025 and next year, citing higher production from OPEC+ and weaker demand.
The bank cut its 2025 Brent price forecast to $66 per barrel from $73 and its 2026 target to $58 from $61. It lowered the 2025 WTI price outlook to $62 per barrel from $69 and the 2026 view to $53 from $57.
Brent crude futures were trading around $65 on Monday, and U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were around $61. [O/R]
JP Morgan now expects global oil demand to increase by 0.8 million barrels per day (mbd), with growth averaging only 0.3 mbd in the third quarter.
"Higher production volumes from the OPEC+ alliance indicate a shift in the reaction function, which, when combined with weaker demand, will push balances into a large surplus and drive Brent down below $60 towards year-end," the bank said in a note.
The oil market remains under pressure from an "80% probability of a mild recession coupled with an additional 1 mbd of increased" production by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), JP Morgan analysts said.
While OPEC+ is poised to gain market share in 2025, stabilizing the market at $60 Brent in 2026 would require the alliance not only to reverse current production increases, but to implement further cuts, JP Morgan said.
Earlier this month, Goldman Sachs reduced its Brent and WTI oil forecasts for 2025 and 2026 on the expectation of higher OPEC+ supply and the risk of an escalating trade conflict will trigger a global recession, denting demand.
(Reporting by Brijesh Patel and Ishaan Arora in Bengaluru; Editing by Chris Reese and Leslie Adler)
Spiking yields are credited with forcing the president's stunning about-face on tariffs. Here's why bonds are boss
Tesla stock continues to be a majorly volatile stock, and this could be even better. The post Billionaires Are Selling Tesla Stock and Buying This TSX Stock in Bulk appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
"I don't think it will be the usual spring market, as much as I hope it would be," says Kingsley Ma, an area vice-president at RE/MAX Canada.
Freehold Royalties is a TSX dividend stock that offers you a monthly payout and a tasty dividend yield of 9.7% in April 2025. The post This 9.66% TSX Dividend Stock Pays Cash Every Single Month appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
The Canadian dollar edged back on Monday from an earlier five-month high against its U.S. counterpart as oil prices fell and investors turned their attention to a Bank of Canada interest rate decision this week.  The loonie was trading 0.1% lower at 1.3875 per U.S. dollar, or 72.07 U.S. cents, after touching its strongest intraday level since November 6, at 1.3829.  “Everyone is looking towards the inflation report for Tuesday and then the Bank of Canada monetary policy decision on Wednesday.”
Hedge fund Qube Research & Technologies disclosed a roughly $105 million short position in Trump Media & Technology Group on Monday, according to a filing with Germany's federal Gazette Bundesanzeiger.  Qube's disclosed position in Trump Media, which was first reported by research firm Breakout Point, equates to 2.53% of the total free float of Trump Media, which is 53% owned by President Donald Trump and is the parent company of the Truth Social platform.  Trump Media did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment about the short position.
The Canadian dollar's current value is something of a change for the not-so-long-ago beleaguered currency
Economists had expected the Consumer Price Index (CPI) to rise to 2.7 per cent in March, according to consensus estimates published by CIBC Capital Markets.
Energy stocks can be a strong investment, but this one has an even stronger future outlook. The post Here’s How Many Shares of Northland Power You Should Own for $500 in Monthly Dividends appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
This Canadian stock is like buying a whole whack of them in one click and makes the perfect long-term hold. The post The 1 Canadian Stock I’d Buy and Hold Forever in a TFSA appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.