Is Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) the Best Kid-Friendly Stock to Buy According to Billionaires_
2025-04-13 18:22
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-googl-best-kid-182254753.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires.The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York indicates a pattern in which stock markets reacted negatively to President Trump’s tariff announcements against China in 2018 and 2019. Current market behaviour in 2025 suggests a similar, potentially more widespread, response to new trade policies. Markets have been underperforming for the first quarter of 2025, considering that the wider market fell by over 10% and the tech-heavy NASDAQ plummeted by more than 15%. The Cboe Volatility Index (aka VIX) is currently at 52.33%, compared to 17.93% at the start of the year.The year 2025 began with the revelation of DeepSeek, an AI program developed in China, which rivalled AI technology in the US Tech sector. DeepSeek requires lesser processing power, which means lower costs and improved results for users. The market immediately saw investors take on a bullish outlook, short-selling stocks before any further impact on their portfolios.In the second month of 2025, the US government’s first round of Tariffs was aimed directly at China in an effort to curb the impact of DeepSeek on the United States’ tech industry. In March, President Trump announced a rate of 54% tariff on Chinese goods, while China retaliated with 34% tariffs on US goods and services.DW (Deutsche Welle) reported that President Trump approved 20% tariffs on European goods & services in the latest round of “Trump Tariffs”. Foreign investors, specifically from European countries, were quick to divest their portfolios. The US economy is considered to be entering “continuous stagflation”, which is defined as continued inflation with very low growth and high unemployment.This scenario has prompted investors to reconsider their future investment strategies. Several reports point out a growing trend among parents who are actively setting aside funds to safeguard their children’s financial future. Survey results of 2000 UK investors over 18 years of age, published by the international adviser, stated that 44% of parents were stressed about making the right investment decisions regarding their children. 35% worry that they have not saved sufficiently to ensure their children’s financial future. In an interview with CNBC, Stacy Francis, the President & CEO of Francis Financials in New York, spoke on how parents can educate their children on investing:“Make sure that money can be talked about, that there’s no taboos…so that your children are learning those really good financial literacy skills that they need to set themselves up for success for the rest of their life.”Investing in the markets for your children’s future has the advantage of time. In a report by MorningStar, investments in stocks have the added benefit of compounding return, which means the earlier you start, the more time your investments have to grow exponentially. CNBC reported on billionaire investor Mark Cuban and how he made billions from his first few million with a long-term view on his investments.To compile this list, we thoroughly reviewed reputable sources and gathered the stocks they collectively favored. These stocks have a long-standing history of performance, with strong balance sheets and sound financials. Then, we used Insider Monkey’s proprietary database of billionaire stock holdings to arrive at our list of 10 best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires as of Q4 2024. For the stocks with the same number of billionaire holdings, we have used the total value of billionaire holdings as a secondary metric to rank the stocks. Billionaires are founders or managers of some of the world’s leading hedge funds and companies.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).A user's hands typing a search query into a Google Search box, emphasizing the company's search capabilities.No. of Billionaires: 33Value of total Investment by Billionaires: $22.418 billionAlphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is a pioneer of the tech sector, a multinational conglomerate delivering a wide array of digital products and platforms across global markets. Its portfolio consists of Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets.The company boasts a profile that few can rival. In terms of financials, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s earnings report for the final quarter of 2024 shows a revenue of $96.47 billion, up 11.77% YoY, while EPS was $2.15. Operating income was reported at $31 billion and net income of $26.5 billion, up 28% and 31%, respectively. The company’s cash reserves are at $95 billion. In terms of business model, the company’s portfolio touches almost every person with a smartphone on the planet. The game changer is its investments in AI. The company’s Chief Financial Officer spoke on investment in AI infrastructure during the earnings call, stating:“As we mentioned on the Q3 call, as we expand our AI efforts, we expect to increase our investments in capital expenditure for technical infrastructure, primarily for servers, followed by data centers and networking. We expect to invest approximately $75 billion in CapEx in 2025.”Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is a leader in AI, and its YouTube and Android smartphones dominate their respective markets. Services such as Google Search, YouTube, and Google Maps are widely used by children and their parents for learning, entertainment, and everyday tasks, making GOOGL a top stock on our list of kid-friendly stocks.Overall, GOOGL ranks 1st on our list of best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOGL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data […]The Trump administration recently made a decision that could have negative consequences for a large segment of homebuyers traditionally not reached by big banks. President Donald Trump issued an executive order on March 14 to cut funding for the ...TOKYO (Reuters) -Japan must strengthen the yen, such as by helping boost the country's industrial competitiveness, as the currency's weakness has pushed up households' living costs, the ruling party's policy chief said on Sunday.  Ahead of trade talks with the U.S., Itsunori Onodera, chair of the Liberal Democratic Party's Policy Research Council, also said Japan should not intentionally sell its U.S. Treasury holdings, the largest outside the United States, in retaliation against tariffs levied by President Donald Trump.  "As a U.S. ally, the government shouldn't think about intentionally using U.S. Treasury holdings," Onodera told a programme on public broadcaster NHK, rejecting an opposition lawmaker's suggestion that Tokyo use its huge holdings of U.S. government debt as a negotiating tool in bilateral trade talks.Agentic AI is the engine behind Google Workspace Flows.We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data […]Tariff talk has hurt shares of rival chip maker Nvidia, but Intel stock has barely moved. The company is refocusing its board on executive chip experience.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...It is very rare for an ordinary household to owe money on gifts. The gift tax has a somewhat complicated two-tier structure. Each year you can give up to an annual amount (the "annual exclusion") without paying, or even reporting, anything on your taxes. Then, over your lifetime, you have a significantly higher amount that […] The post I Want to Give $65k to My Daughter and Her Husband. Will We Have to Pay Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
