Apple leads tech stocks higher on Trump's temporary tech tariff reprieve
2025-04-14 12:54
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-leads-tech-stocks-higher-on-trumps-temporary-tech-tariff-reprieve-125423982.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Apple (AAPL) led the "Magnificent Seven" stocks higher Monday as investors cheered the Trump administration's temporary tariff exemptions for tech products announced over the weekend.US Customs and Border Protection issued regulations late Friday exempting consumer electronics, networking equipment, and computing products — including GPUs and servers — from reciprocal tariffs.Taken together, the products represent $340 billion in global imports, with China accounting for $100 billion of the exclusions, Bernstein analyst Stacy Rasgon wrote in an analysis early Monday.Apple stock rose over 2%. The exemptions cover almost all of its products — smartphones, personal computers, tablets, smartwatches, and other accessories, according to Citi analyst Atif Malik.Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffsGoogle (GOOG) gained more than 1% Monday. Nvidia (NVDA) stock jumped as much as 3%, but later reversed direction. The tech-heavy Nasdaq (^IXIC) rose 0.6% Monday afternoon.Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your walletOn April 2, Trump announced global reciprocal tariffs, including levies of 34% and 46% on imports from Taiwan and Vietnam, respectively, which will go into effect on April 9.The president instead announced a 90-day pause on the reciprocal tariff plan last Wednesday — with the exception of a 145% reciprocal tariff on Chinese imports. Trump also left in place a 10% global baseline tariff effective April 5.On Sunday, however, Trump said the tech exemptions were a temporary measure, telling reporters aboard Air Force One Sunday: "The tariffs will be in place in the not distant future because as with steel, like we did with automobiles, like we did with aluminum — which are now fully on — we'll be doing that with semiconductors, with chips, and numerous other things.""That'll take place in the very near future," Trump said, adding that semiconductor tariffs will be announced "over the next week."Wedbush analyst Dan Ives wrote that the confusing messaging was an overall good sign for the tech industry, writing in a note to investors late Sunday: "Overall, we view the dizzying weekend tariff news as a step forward net positive for Apple as well as other tech names at it gives some flexibility and allows for China negotiations to hopefully take place in the coming months which could deescalate some tariff/trade war issues with Big Tech caught in the middle."The Magnificent Seven tech stocks suffered major losses following the April 2 announcement of Trump's reciprocal tariff plan, at one point shedding a cumulative $2 trillion from their market capitalizations. These stocks quickly reversed some of these losses after Trump issued a 90-day pause on the tariffs, leaving 10% global duties in their place.Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com.Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock marketRead the latest financial and business news from Yahoo FinanceWe recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […]A new analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston found that Americans are right to expect the costs of tariffs to be reflected in their receipts.Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming.Oil prices are forecast to continue falling in 2025, but the drop will need to be even more dramatic than expected for the Trump administration to step in and support markets.Apple and other companies might have a chance to negotiate tariff exemptions, potentially in exchange for U.S. manufacturing commitments.President Donald Trump's tariffs have created sharp volatility in the markets. Most of that volatility has been downward motion, with the Nasdaq Composite suddenly down by more than 20% year-to-date. Trump has attracted the ire of many Wall Street investors, but not everyone is rushing for the exits. One Redditor shared that they don't plan to panic sell. Instead, the investor is hanging on to their stocks. "I see loads of posts and comments about selling holdings in the wake of Trump's tariffs.Shares of U.S. automakers jumped on Monday amid speculation the companies could receive some relief from President Trump’s 25% auto tariffs.Fed governor Chris Waller warned that inflation could surge this year near 5% and economic growth could 'slow to a crawl' if the effective tariff rate remains at 25%. He believes the central bank may need to cut rates in that scenario to prevent a recession.We recently published a list of 10 Best Hardware Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Dell Technologies Inc. (NYSE:DELL) stands against other best hardware stocks to buy now. Are the Tariffs Impacting PC Shipments? The computer hardware industry comprises personal computers, PC peripherals, storage devices, […]The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
