Citi cuts internet stock targets amid tariffs and softer macro
2025-04-14 12:52
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/citi-cuts-internet-stock-targets-125235785.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Investing.com -- Citi has trimmed target prices (TPs) and earnings projections for several U.S. internet stocks amid the negative effects of recently imposed tariffs, more limited macro visibility, and a weakening outlook for online advertising.While Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) remain the firm’s top picks, the Wall Street firm sees downside risks mounting across the broader online ecosystem.The new round of tariff hikes—145% on Chinese goods and 10% on others—along with fading consumer sentiment, has led Citi to lower its 2025 and 2026 revenue and EBITDA forecasts for companies including Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL),  Reddit  Inc (NYSE:RDDT), Pinterest (NYSE:PINS), and  Snap Inc  (NYSE:SNAP).“Lower consumer confidence likely translates directly into reduced demand and ad budgets, and we note even prior to ‘Liberation Day’ our checks were highlighting macro challenges,” said Ronald Josey, senior internet analyst at Citi.Josey cut the price target on Meta shares to $655 from $780, but the analyst maintained the Buy rating, pointing to the company’s strong engagement trends and product innovation.Meta’s performance-based ad model is “typically among the last platforms (and among the first to recover) to experience a slowdown in ad spend,” Josey noted, adding that newer products like Meta GEM and Business AI are boosting conversion rates.Amazon’s target was reduced to $225 from $273, reflecting the company’s direct exposure to tariffs and macro uncertainty. However, Citi sees some offset from a continued mix-shift toward essentials and resilient demand for AWS.“The 145% tariffs on Chinese imports may have a greater impact on Amazon’s sales and profitability,” the note states, though the bank expects efficiency gains from regionalization and automation efforts to provide margin support.Snap also bore a steep cut, with its target slashed to $9 from $13.50. Josey flagged brand advertising exposure and slowing engagement in North America as key risks.Pinterest and Reddit also saw double-digit reductions to their price targets to $38 and $150, respectively, reflecting lower ad revenue forecasts and ongoing economic headwinds.“Our lower multiple reflects advertising headwinds and reduced visibility, though partially offset by improving engagement rates, tailwinds from key product improvements, and expanding margins on greater overall efficiency,” Josey said on PINS.Citi’s price objective on Alphabet stock of $195 remained unchanged, though the bank lowered its 2025 and 2026 revenue forecasts for Google and Alphabet by 3.5% and 5%, citing reduced visibility across Search and YouTube due to a worsening macroeconomic backdrop.Related articlesDialysis firm DaVita hit by ransomware attack, says patient care continuesFacebook owner Meta bought Instagram, WhatsApp instead of competing, FTC says at trialApple takes top spot for first-quarter smartphone sales, data showsWe recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially […]Investment banks JMP Securities and CFRA today issued bullish notes on Amazon (AMZN) and JPMorgan (JPM), respectively. However, both banks cut their price targets on each of the stocks. JMP Securities’ Bullish Take on AMZN Although AMZN’s growth is likely to slow as its e-commerce business decelerates, its share of the e-commerce market will probably […]The Federal Trade Commission alleges that the company engaged in a ‘systematic strategy’ to eliminate competitive threats in the social media space.Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) appears to be in a strong position to weather the current storm.  Its cash position is nearly $96.7 billion.  Alphabet makes most of its money from advertising on Google Search and other apps.We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued […]We came across a bullish thesis on Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) on Value Investing Subreddit Page by CompanyCharts. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on META. Meta Platforms, Inc. (META)’s share was trading at $543.57 as of April 11th. META’s trailing and forward P/E were 22.78 and 21.37 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Meta […]We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other AI stocks to watch now. The trade war between two of the world’s biggest economies, China and the US, is deepening even further. In […]The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.It could change social media as we know it.Social media company Meta said Monday that it will start using publicly available content from European users to train its artificial intelligence models, resuming work put on hold last year after activists raised concerns about data privacy.  The company, which owns Facebook and Instagram, said that it would train its AI systems using public posts and comments shared by adult users in the 27-nation European Union.  “People’s interactions with Meta AI — like questions and queries — will also be used to train and improve our models,” the company said in a blog post.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
