What To Expect in the Markets This Week
2025-04-13 10:00
https://www.investopedia.com/what-to-expect-in-the-markets-this-week-11712960?.tsrc=rss
Coming Up: Retail sales, Housing Starts, Earnings From Goldman Sachs, TSMC, Netflix, UnitedHealth Group, and MoreBloomberg / Contributor / Getty Images More big banks are set to report earnings this week, along with entertainment and health care giants, after some of the world's biggest banks reported earnings Friday and markets capped off a volatile trading week as investors reacted to the latest announcements on tariffs.
 Goldman Sachs (GS), Bank of America (BAC), Citigroup (C), Netflix (NFLX), Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSM), United Airlines (UAL), and UnitedHealth Group (UNH) are among the companies scheduled to report this week. 
 The week is also set to bring updates on retail sales as economists watch for slower consumer spending, while housing starts and homebuilder confidence data could offer insights on the housing market. 
 Monday, April 14
 Tuesday, April 15
 Wednesday, April 16
 Thursday, April 17
 Friday, April 18
 Retail sales data for March comes amid indications that consumer spending may be slowing after sales declined in January and recovered slightly in February. After declining last month, the retail report’s data on restaurant and bar spending could offer insights into consumers’ appetite for spending amid worries of an economic slowdown spurred by President Donald Trump’s tariff policy. 
 Housing market data is also on tap this week. Thursday’s scheduled release of March housing starts will give investors an update on housing supply as low levels of inventory are exacerbating housing affordability issues. Earlier in the week, the homebuilder confidence survey will provide insight into construction expectations as builders brace for added costs from tariffs. 
 As several large financial firms report this week, investors will likely be watching what executives have to say about the impacts of President Trump's tariff policy and economic uncertainty. On Friday, JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon said he expects more companies to suspend their full-year outlooks and warned of "considerable turbulence."
 Goldman Sachs is scheduled to report earnings on Monday after the bank reported profits and revenue that shot past analyst estimates in the prior quarter. Bank of America and Citibank are set to follow Tuesday, with M&T Bank, PNC Financial, American Express, and U.S. Bancorp also due to release results this week.
 Netflix’s scheduled report on Thursday comes after the streaming giant reported strong revenue gains and raised its 2025 revenue forecast in the previous quarter. The report is expected to be the first where Netflix doesn’t provide subscriber numbers. 
 TSMC’s (TSM) expected earnings on Thursday come after the world's largest contract chip manufacturer posted a better-than-expected profit in its prior quarterly earnings report.
 UnitedHealth Group is scheduled to report on Thursday, after the health insurer reported a 7% year-over-year growth in revenue in the prior quarter that came in below analyst estimates.
