Title: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD)_ Faces China Risk and Nvidia’s Lead
Date: 2025-04-15 17:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-172154696.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility.
The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to artificial intelligence. Despite the continued buzz around the technology, no one seems interested in buying the falling stocks. Fluctuating tariff policies from the Trump administration have concerned Wall Street and disrupted global supply chains. The cost of AI infrastructure has increased drastically, especially for companies relying on imported components.
READ ALSO:14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attentionand9 Trending AI Stocks Making Headlines Today.
The narrative around AI stocks has also begun to change because investors are critiquing that prices have become too expensive, and because there is intensifying competition from Chinese companies developing their own AI offerings.
In the latest news, seven Republican U.S. senators have also sent a letter to U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick. The letter urges him to get rid of a Biden administration rule that restricts global access to AI chips before it kicks in next month. The letter claims that the AI diffusion rule will deter U.S. leadership in artificial intelligence, which is why it demands an “immediate action” to halt it. The rule is set to take effect on May 15.
“Every day this rule remains in place, American companies face mounting uncertainty, stalled investments, and the risk of losing critical global partnerships that cannot be easily regained. We urge you to withdraw this rule and propose an alternative that is effective in preventing Communist China from capturing the world market in leading technology without compromising American advantages.”
It also noted how the rule puts countries into three tiers, with only 18 nations in the Tier 1 group with the easiest access to American technology. Those in tier 2 have to face “arbitrary purchase limits and a cumbersome licensing process.” Meanwhile, it asserted that Tier 3 countries are already “rightly restricted.”
For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here).
A close up of a complex looking PCB board with several intergrated semiconductor parts.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 96
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) develops and sells semiconductors, processors, and GPUs for data centers, gaming, AI, and embedded applications. On April 8, KeyBanc analyst John Vinh downgraded the stock to “Sector Weight” from Overweight without a price target amid escalating tariff risks and price competition. With export restrictions likely to limit demand for AMD’s chips from Chinese hyperscalers, the firm believes AMD could face greater competition from Nvidia and a slowdown in the China business.
“China AI demand may not be sustainable and may be at risk, while NVDA is so far ahead with GB200/NVL. We estimate 2025 MI308 GPUs volumes at 300K and reflect the majority of the growth for AMD. Excluding China, there is very little to no growth in AI GPUs this year.”
Vinh further talked about the limited opportunity to gain additional shares in the PC and server market when compared to Intel.
“We believe AMD will be forced to react to INTC’s aggressive price actions in the range of 20-40% on Lunar Lake in order to maintain/regain lost market share to INTC. While the stock is relatively inexpensive, trading at 13x our 2026 EPS estimate, semiconductor stocks rarely work with risk to GMs, which we are increasingly concerned about given the aggressive price cuts by INTC.”
Overall, AMDranks 9thon our list of AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. While we acknowledge the potential of AMD as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AMD but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
AMD said Tuesday that some of its central-processing units for data centers will be made at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing’s site in Arizona.
INTC enters into a definitive agreement to sell a majority stake of its Altera business to Silver Lake for an enterprise value of $8.75 billion.
Mag-7 stocks are in the deep correction zone now, and valuation is down to the pre-ChatGPT level. Although the group has fallen from grace, core strengths remain intact.
Shares of Intel surged Monday after the chipmaker said it agreed to sell 51% of its programmable chip business Altera to tech private equity firm Silver Lake.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […]
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the […]
Consider buying these top-notch AI-powered stocks in the current market dip.
It's not an easy matter to make predictions about the stock market, since no one really knows what it will do from day to day or even year to year.  First off, why am I focusing on Costco?  Costco's forward-looking price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, for example, was recently 50, well above its five-year average of 39.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.