Title: China Suppliers Mock Tariffs With Nike, Lululemon Deals on TikTok
Date: 2025-04-14 15:13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-suppliers-mock-tariffs-nike-151351512.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- TikTok users in the US are being inundated with videos from Chinese influencers encouraging American buyers to overcome punitive Trump tariffs by buying direct from the “world’s factory” — China.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
Mostly filmed at Chinese factories purporting to supply top US brands from Lululemon Athletica Inc. to Nike Inc., the influencers aim to “expose” how the vast majority of consumer goods are made in the world’s second-largest economy. Many of them provide website URLs and contact details for viewers to order directly from these suppliers. “Why don’t you just contact us and buy from us? You won’t believe the prices we give you,” said one creator selling luxury handbags.
In another video, TikTok creator @LunaSourcingChina, stands outside a factory she says makes Lululemon yoga leggings for $5 to $6 even though they retail in the US for more than $100. “The material and craftsmanship are basically the same,” she says.
Some of the most popular videos – many uploaded in March but only gaining traction in recent days – have been amplified by a video titled “China exposed the truth” with 8.3 million views and 492,000 likes, as of Monday morning, New York time. The one that reveals the Chinese supplier to Lululemon garnered 2.6 million views and over 215,000 likes, while a “How we bypass tariffs” clip had close to close to 1 million views and 118,000 likes.
The sheer volume of similarly-themed videos in a short period of time points to a popular backlash against President Donald Trump’s barrage of tariffs, including a 145% levy on China. While it’s unclear how ordering directly from Chinese suppliers would allow consumers to sidestep the tariff — the duty waiver for small parcels that are sent to American homes is also being scrapped from May 2 — the videos speak to the ongoing global reaction to Trump’s tariffs, and the White House narrative that the economic measures are in Americans’ interest.
The flood of posts also reflects the increased effectiveness of Chinese creators to reach into the daily lives of ordinary Americans. TikTok’s algorithm, and its ability to influence what information millions of US users see, is one of the main driving forces behind US government efforts to force its Chinese owner ByteDance Ltd. to relinquish control of its international operations. TikTok did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Other Chinese social media apps like Xiaohongshu, or Red Note, have also gained popularity among young US users amid uncertainty around access to TikTok.
“These posts are much more confrontational and mocking of the US, rather than showing it as a threat,” said Tom Harper, lecturer in Chinese international relations at the University of East London. They follow a wave of AI-generated images depicting Americans working on assembly lines, Harper added.
Some of the videos directly criticize US trade policies and call on American citizens to take action.
“For decades your government and oligarchs ship your jobs to China, not for diplomacy, not for peace, but to exploit cheap labor and in the process, they hollow out your middle class, crash your working class and told you to be proud while they sold your future for profit,” user @neil778027 said in a video. “Americans, you don’t need a tariff, you need a revolution.”
On Friday, the US announced tariff exemptions on a range of Chinese products including electronics, computers and semiconductors, although it’s not known how long these exceptions will apply. Regardless, they will not affect most of the goods exported by China to the US, including the clothing and accessories produced by Chinese suppliers featured in the TikTok videos.
Many European high-end luxury brands are also featured but the makers of the videos don’t explain why they are featuring European brands in their pushback against the US.
Another key question raised by the videos is whether the factories have non-disclosure agreements with their international clients and how the videos will potentially affect long-standing business relationships between brands and their manufacturers.
Cameron Johnson, senior partner at Shanghai-based consultancy Tidalwave Solutions, who recently visited the Chinese manufacturing hub of Yiwu, sees it as part of a fundamental shift in purchasing practices for China.
“In the past, you might use a middleman or a trading company to source your products for your deal with quality control or go visit the factory, establish those relationships, and then maybe you would come on occasion,” he told Bloomberg TV. “But now what we’re seeing is just a complete democratization of sourcing products.”
--With assistance from Annabelle Droulers, Daniela Wei, Zheping Huang and Omar El Chmouri.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Turbulence unleashed by President Donald Trump's tariffs could rock global shipments of shrimp to the United States, with exporters in biggest supplier India saying they endanger 2,000 containers packed with the frozen delicacy.  But Ecuador, thousands of kilometres nearer to the United States faces a lower tariff rate and stands to benefit, the exporters say, as shrimp is its most important export after oil.  India's shrimp industry is staring at a tariff of 26% under Trump's July plan, which threatens a thriving $7-billion seafood export market heavily reliant on U.S. supermarket chains such as Walmart and Kroger as buyers look to renegotiate rates.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump continued to blame Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy for the war in Ukraine amid questions about which side is responsible for the failure to achieve the ceasefire Trump has promised to deliver.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortag
American consumers are growing increasingly worried about the economy, according to a Fed survey released Monday.
Investors jumped to a concerning conclusion a couple of months ago, but now the dust is settling.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.