Title: GM & Caterpillar, Trump revisits US Steel deal_ Trending Tickers
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-07 19-52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/gm-caterpillar-trump-revisits-us-195232057.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Julie Hyman and Trader Talk podcast host Kenny Polcari dive into some trending tickers on Market Domination.
US Steel (X) is soaring on news that US President Trump ordered a review of the company's blocked deal with Nippon Steel (NPSCY), an acquisition that was stopped by President Biden.
General Motors (GM) stock is under pressure after Bernstein analysts downgraded the stock to Underperform from Market Perform as tariffs continue to pressure the US automaker.
Caterpillar (CAT) stock drops after UBS analysts downgraded the stock to Sell from Neutral, citing the impact of tariffs.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.
Now time for some of today’s trending tickers. We’re checking on U.S. Steel, GM, and Caterpillar. First up is U.S. Steel. Those shares are surging today on news that President Trump has ordered a review of the previously blocked acquisition of the company by Nippon Steel. This is raising some hopes that it could reopen the door here. CFIUS is the body that does this review here, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, and the report is due in 45 days. Of course, President Biden had blocked this deal from happening. Trump has indicated maybe he would be open to some version of this, maybe where the Japanese company would invest in U.S. Steel but not own it.
Kenny, it's been an interesting situation amidst the backdrop of everything that’s going on.
Yeah. Now, you know, I was in the camp that I thought we shouldn’t sell it. I will I I will say I was in that Biden camp that maybe we shouldn’t. But, you know, if there’s a different version that allows the Japanese to come in and make it a substantial investment. They’re going to help, you know, revive the company. They’re going to concentrate on producing steel in the United States. I I I can’t necessarily say that I would be against it. I’d have to see what that version looks like.
It was a very, it’s a tough situation. The Steelworkers Union is against it, but U.S. Steel says we can’t continue to afford to operate, so then steelworkers would end up losing their jobs. So it’s a, it’s a tough choice. Right.
It is a tough choice. And I suppose, you know, again, like everyone else, maybe if the steel, if there’s a version that seems applicable, then maybe the steelworkers should sit and listen to it. And then maybe they’ll change their mind.
Yeah. All right, let’s get to our next mover here. And that is General Motors. Bernstein is downgrading the automaker to underperform from market perform, warning that new vehicle tariffs and a likely decline in consumer sentiment will significantly pressure the company’s earnings and cash flow. I can’t say I’m shocked by this one, because Daniel Roska, who is behind the call, he was in our studio right after those auto tariffs were announced. And he sounded quite negative about the effects that this was going to have on the company. He said, if you look at tariff costs, price hikes, market share gains, and a decline in consumer sentiment, auto free cash flow will be reduced by $6 billion between 2025 and 2027. He’s, that’s what they’re, they’re cutting their estimates by.
Right. But if you, if you heard, Trump made the suggestion that he thought he was going to allow car purchases to once again be deductible. Like if, if you go out and you take a loan to buy the car, you used to be able to write that interest off as a deduction. Then they took it away. And now he’s thinking about, okay, I might put that deduction back in, encouraging people to want to go out and buy a car. If you can deduct your interest, if you finance the car, it’s quote unquote, a net benefit to you. That maybe that should blunt that a little bit.
Right.
But is that something that would need to be in the tax bill? It’s not, that’s not something he can sign an EO on.
The tax, sure.
No. No. No. It would have to be part of So we’d have to wait.
Yes. But it would, if he, if they talk about putting it in there, and they talk about, you know, look, the price of a car, have you learned to buy a car recently? They’re they’re they’re out of control, the price of a car. It’s funny because, you know, I bought my my wife drives in an Infinity, a 2020 Infinity. It’s fine. I live in Florida. It doesn’t have the the weather around here that right destroys cars right there. Anyway, it’s fine. I brought in to be serviced and the girl, the the woman comes in. She said, would like interest you in a new, same car, just a 2025 version?
In the last couple of years. Yes. Yeah. How much more was it?
They wanted $1,250 for a three-year lease, if I wanted to lease it. The car was $85,000. I get it. I’m not cheap, but I’m sitting going, okay, my car’s perfectly fine. Why am I going out and buying? Why don’t I want to pay 1,250?
Well, a lot of people are making, a lot of people are making decisions like that right now.
I guess they are. I mean, I said, no, I’m not interested. But I suppose if Trump says, well, listen, buy the car, now finance it, you get to write it off. Maybe it makes people think, well, you know, maybe I could do that.
Yeah. Yeah. I think that’s the, I think that’s a common feeling. Let’s get to our next one, Caterpillar. This is a downgrade also from UBS in this case. The bank warns that macroeconomic risks linked to tariffs and weakening global demand are not yet fully reflected in the stock. And they say they expect further earnings downside as second-order impacts from tariffs and recessionary pressures weigh on demand across construction, oil and gas, and mining markets. And by the way, Caterpillar, people don’t realize, Caterpillar’s biggest part of its business is now the energy business. You know, equipment for the energy industry. And you saw what Jared showed earlier in terms of the energy stocks, which have really been hammered. Oil prices are down. That is not good for their spending power. I thought another quick thing that was interesting about this note, they say that whatever Caterpillar says in earnings could be overwhelmed by this recessionary concern.
Right.
And it could be because it it would be I think if there’s this big recessionary concern. But look, when you talk about the energy sector and Caterpillar’s role in it, yeah, oil prices have come down. That’s great for inflation, it’s great for the consumer manufacturing, all that. But at some point, you know, where’s the break even for oil companies? Is it $55? Is it $60? If oil goes much below 55, then you’re going to have difficulty for the oil companies. And yes, that will directly impact Caterpillar, if that’s part of their, to your point, one of their biggest sectors now, right?
Right.
Yes. So it’s kind of you know, it’s if you, you want prices to come down, you want oil prices to come down because it helps everything: transportation, manufacturing, food costs because of the transportation. But then you want to be careful that you don’t bankrupt the energy companies.
Right.
Yes. Well, that’s always been one of the tricky messages coming in with this administration and the so-called Drill, Baby, Drill. Not necessarily what the companies want to do.
That’s it. That’s it.
No.
The retailer says the “range of outcomes’” for operating income growth has widened and that it wants to maintain flexibility to “invest in price as tariffs are implemented.”
Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian told analysts and reporters on Wednesday morning that the U.S.-based carrier will not pay tariffs on any aircraft deliveries from Airbus this year.  The comments were made before the Trump administration announced a 90-day pause on import tariffs for goods from around the world except China.  Delta would work closely with Netherlands-based Airbus on the issue.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer […]
In times of volatility, investors often find comfort in a company maintaining a steady-as-we-go policy.  Caterpillar's consistency came from its dividend policy.  Such a move is a positive signal to investors that the company will do well enough to at least keep the dividend level.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
