Title: Caterpillar (CAT) Soars 9.9%_ Is Further Upside Left in the Stock_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 10-39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-cat-soars-9-9-103900544.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Caterpillar (CAT) shares rallied 9.9% in the last trading session to close at $301.01. This move can be attributable to notable volume with a higher number of shares being traded than in a typical session. This compares to the stock's 19.4% loss over the past four weeks.
Caterpillar shares got a boost yesterday after U.S President Trump announced a 90-day pause on certain tariffs for most countries (except China). Investor confidence was further bolstered by Caterpillar's announcement that it will maintain its quarterly dividend payout at $1.41 per share. The dividend will be paid on May 20, 2025, to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 21, 2025.
Caterpillar has a long history of dividend payments, issuing cash dividends annually since its inception and quarterly dividends since 1933. Caterpillar has paid higher annual dividends to shareholders for 31 consecutive years and is a member of the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index.
This construction equipment company is expected to post quarterly earnings of $4.32 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of -22.9%. Revenues are expected to be $14.61 billion, down 7.5% from the year-ago quarter.
While earnings and revenue growth expectations are important in evaluating the potential strength in a stock, empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements.
For Caterpillar, the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised marginally lower over the last 30 days to the current level. And a negative trend in earnings estimate revisions doesn't usually translate into price appreciation. So, make sure to keep an eye on CAT going forward to see if this recent jump can turn into more strength down the road.
The stock currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>
Caterpillar belongs to the Zacks Manufacturing - Construction and Mining industry. Another stock from the same industry, Hyster-Yale (HY), closed the last trading session 8.1% higher at $39.19. Over the past month, HY has returned -20.3%.
Hyster-Yale's consensus EPS estimate for the upcoming report has remained unchanged over the past month at $0.47. Compared to the company's year-ago EPS, this represents a change of -84%. Hyster-Yale currently boasts a Zacks Rank of #5 (Strong Sell).
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Hyster-Yale, Inc. (HY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
UTXO Management, the investing arm of BTC Inc., of Bitcoin Magazine and Bitcoin Conference fame, was top five of all hedge funds in 2024, according to HFR. Now it wants to put a bitcoin treasury company (like Metaplanet) in markets across the world.
Lego Chief Executive Officer Niels B. Christiansen says the world's largest toymaker is undaunted by the wave of new tariffs President Donald Trump unleashed on US trading partners, as he announced the opening of a new production complex in Vietnam. He spoke to Bloomberg's Nguyen Xuan Quynh about the company's investment plans and its green push.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Stocks Benefiting From Tariff Selloff & Discusses These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Thursday, Jim […]
(Bloomberg) -- UK Chief of the Defence Staff Tony Radakin traveled to China this week for discussions with the country’s military, the first such visit by the UK’s most senior military official in a decade.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Fric
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Talked About These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, expressed concern over President Donald Trump’s focus on the long-term […]
In times of volatility, investors often find comfort in a company maintaining a steady-as-we-go policy.  Caterpillar's consistency came from its dividend policy.  Such a move is a positive signal to investors that the company will do well enough to at least keep the dividend level.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
