Title: Jim Cramer Praises Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) CEO, But Urges Caution_ “Let’s See What He Says First”
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 16-24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-praises-caterpillar-inc-162427308.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Talked About These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
On Friday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, expressed concern over President Donald Trump’s focus on the long-term benefits of tariffs as he argued that the short-term consequences are far more severe.
“The president is fixated on the long term when he talks about trillions of dollars that the tariffs will bring in. He says the tariffs will allow us to fund both tax cuts and a lower budget deficit. Putting aside whether that’s going to be true or not, I don’t think we have the full luxury right now of focusing on the potential long-term benefits because the short-term is a horror show.”
READ ALSO: Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 10 Stocks in Focus and 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently.
Cramer highlighted that the tariffs are excessive and poorly executed and also lack the reciprocal nature needed for a fair trade policy. He noted that it has triggered unnecessary chaos in the markets. He further criticized the stock market’s current state and noted that it is far from functioning properly. He pointed to the struggles of private equity firms, whose stock values are plummeting.
Cramer mentioned that these companies, which hold a significant number of highly levered businesses, had been planning to bring them public under Trump’s administration. However, he said that due to the current market turmoil, there are growing concerns that these initial public offerings might be canceled altogether. He added:
“If we want to get out of this mess, we need some signs that the president understands the need for a functioning market.”
Cramer also stressed that while the U.S. may be experiencing low unemployment, it might not last if short-term issues are not addressed. He commented that the public does not elect their leaders to look only toward long-term outcomes but also to manage immediate challenges. Cramer urged Trump to adjust his approach and form better trade relationships with countries that are open to trade negotiations.
“The President needs to make a commitment… to help companies that want to avoid the tariffs. He needs to call world leaders and say that they can roll back some of the tariffs that he’s putting on them, but, they gotta play ball. Mr. President, don’t cause a crash. It will be your legacy and it can easily be avoided.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 8 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 4. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A construction crew operating a hydraulic shovel during a nighttime project.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 62
A caller asked if it was a good time to start a position in Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT). Here’s what Cramer had to say:
“Okay, this is a great question because CAT has given up almost, it’s given up everything and Jim Umpleby is a terrific guy. Here’s what you have to do. You have to wait till he reports. You can’t jump the gun on this… Well, you won’t know exactly whether he’s buying back stock or he’s pulling in his horns until he reports. He’s too straight a guy not to listen to. We can’t pull the trigger until he says something.”
Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) designs and manufactures construction and mining equipment, industrial engines, and diesel-electric locomotives. The company also provides financial products, parts distribution, logistics services, and various technology solutions. In January, Cramer commented:
“I think the stock’s had an amazing run, but CAT’s no longer a cyclical, it’s a secular grower because CEO, Jim Umpleby has maneuvered its business into more consistent end markets.”
Overall, CAT ranks 3rd on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CAT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) stock saw a day of big sell-offs Thursday.  The semiconductor company's share price wound up down 8.4% in a day of trading that saw the S&P 500 fall 3.5% and the Nasdaq Composite fall 4.4%.  The stock market followed Wednesday's surge on tariff news with substantial sell-offs today as more information about import taxes on China came into focus.
We recently published a list of 8 Worst Small Cap Agriculture Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF) stands against other worst small cap agriculture stocks to buy. To supply the world’s demands for food and raw materials, the agriculture sector—which includes […]
In times of volatility, investors often find comfort in a company maintaining a steady-as-we-go policy.  Caterpillar's consistency came from its dividend policy.  Such a move is a positive signal to investors that the company will do well enough to at least keep the dividend level.
Shares of innovative modular furniture maker Loveac (NASDAQ: LOVE) were up 6.5% as of 12:45 p.m.  ET on Thursday.  Lovesac reported fourth-quarter earnings Thursday morning that far surpassed analysts' expectations for sales and net income.  This performance, paired with a 90-day pause on most of the tariffs implemented last week, has the market moving Lovesac's shares higher.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ServiceNow, Inc. (NYSE:NOW) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Tuesday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, discussed the impact of tariff-induced market volatility and he also discussed […]
On Wednesday, the stock market surged after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on the reciprocal tariffs that had gone into effect hours earlier, except for an increased tariff on imports from China. The S&P 500 index rose 9.5%, largely rebounding from last week’s historic drop following the initial news of the tariffs. Sportico’s …
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Calls Market Decline ‘Man-Made’ and Breaks Down 15 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Monday, April 7th, Jim Cramer opened the Mad Money episode with a message […]
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
