Title: When Apple's Tim Cook Revealed The Real Reason iPhones Are Made In China—And It's Not 'Low Labor Costs': 'China Stopped Being A Low-Wage Country Years Ago'
Date: 2025-04-15 21:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apples-tim-cook-revealed-real-213129145.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL) CEOTim Cookpreviously explained the company’s decision to continue manufacturing its products in China, refuting the widespread belief that it’s due to low labor costs.
What Happened: A 2024 video of Tim Cook has resurfaced, providing insights into Apple’s manufacturing choices amid the ongoing U.S.-China tariff war. In the video, posted on X by CNBC TV18 reporter Nigel D’Souza, Cook dismissed the idea that Apple’s manufacturing in China is due to low labor costs, stating, “China stopped being a low labor cost company many years ago.”
Trending: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones.You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
Instead, he emphasized China’s unparalleled skilled labor concentration in one location and advanced tooling capabilities as the primary reason. Cook emphasized that “the products that we do require truly advanced tooling.”
On that note, Cook emphasized the sharp difference in vocational skills between the US and China. The Apple CEO stated, "In the US, you could have a meeting of tooling engineers, and I’m not we could fill the room." In China, however, "you could fill multiple football fields.... Hence, the vocational expertise in China is very deep”.
Why It Matters: The U.S.-China tariff war has put pressure on American companies to shift production back home. Earlier this month, a leading tech analyst predicted asignificant price hikefor Apple iPhones if manufacturing shifts to the U.S., potentially reaching around $3,500. This is due to the complexity of recreating the production ecosystem that currently exists in Asia.
See Also: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing —this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share.
Furthermore, experts opined that Apple’s supply chain could face major disruptions due to new reciprocal tariffs. Apple had temporarily dodged steep tariffs on Chinese-made electronics following an exemption granted by Trump.
A recent report also suggested that Apple completed an urgent logistics operation, transporting five planeloads of iPhones and other products from manufacturing centers in India and China to the U.S. within 72 hours, in a bid to beat PresidentDonald Trump's new 10% reciprocal tariff on imports.
Given these complexities, Cook’s emphasis on China’s skilled labor and advanced tooling capabilities provides a clearer understanding of Apple’s manufacturing decisions.
Apple has lost over $500 billion in market capitalization since the Apr 2 ‘Liberation Day’ tariffs. On Friday, the stock climbed 4.06% to close at $198.15, as perBenzinga Pro.
Apple holds a momentum rating of 62.11% and a quality rating of 86.50%, according toBenzinga's Proprietary Edge Rankings. For an in-depth report on more stocks and insights into growth opportunities,signup for Benzinga Edge.
Read Next:
Are you rich?Here’s what Americans think you need to be considered wealthy.
Warren Buffett once said, "If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die."Here’s how you can earn passive income with just $100.
Image via Shutterstock
Disclaimer:This content was partially produced with the help of AI tools and was reviewed and published by Benzinga editors.
Send To MSN:  Send to MSN
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This articleWhen Apple's Tim Cook Revealed The Real Reason iPhones Are Made In China—And It's Not 'Low Labor Costs': 'China Stopped Being A Low-Wage Country Years Ago'originally appeared onBenzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
With so much uncertainty hovering over markets and the global economy, investors are clamoring for guidance from the "Oracle of Omaha," Warren Buffett.  Unfortunately, Buffett recently stated he wouldn't comment on the current tariff-related negotiations and/or economic fallout until the Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.A) (NYSE: BRK.B) annual meeting in early May.  While one might think the champion of free markets has a very clear stance on the market-distorting characteristics of tariffs, Buffett is also not a fan of the U.S. trade deficit.
President&nbsp;Donald Trump&nbsp;has called on China to reach out to him in order to kick off negotiations to resolve the escalating trade fight between the world's two largest economies. As the US warns "the ball is in China's court,"&nbsp;China Southern Airlines has suspended the sale of 10 used Boeing Dreamliners. Bloomberg's White House Correspondent Kate Sullivan reports that China is expected to remain defiant in the face of an escalating trade fight.
On April 2, President Trump announced plans to impose tariffs on all physical products imported into America, which sent investors flocking to safe-haven assets like cash on fears of a global economic slowdown.  Shares of Nvidia and Alphabet are down by more than 20% from their all-time highs, yet most of the products they sell are either exempt from President Trump's tariffs or were never impacted to begin with.
It's been a rough start to 2025, with the S&P 500 having its worst quarter since 2022 followed by escalating trade tensions in April.  Investors looking for broad-based exposure to the utilities sector might want to consider an exchange-traded fund (ETF) like the Vanguard Utilities ETF (NYSEMKT: VPU).  Utilities are the second-best-performing sector year to date and one of just two sectors that are up slightly compared to the S&P 500's more than 8% drop.
The stock market has been crashing this year and if you're a long-term investor, it can be a good time to invest in companies at discounted valuations.  Three stocks that are in a free fall right now that I still wouldn't bother buying today are Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA), Tilray Brands (NASDAQ: TLRY), and Rigetti Computing (NASDAQ: RGTI).  Shares of electric vehicle maker Tesla are down 37% year to date, and there is no shortage of reasons to explain why the stock is struggling.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.