4 Energy Stocks to Gain Despite Oilfield Service Industry Woes
2025-04-11 13:52
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/4-energy-stocks-gain-despite-135200464.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.A volatile pricing environment for commodities, driven by rising trade tensions and strict capital management by upstream energy firms, is diminishing the demand for oilfield services, creating a challenging outlook for the Zacks  Oil and Gas- Field Services industry. Companies in this sector must adeptly navigate the evolving landscape of energy transition to succeed. Failing to meet energy transition objectives could adversely impact their cash flow.Among the companies in the industry that are likely to survive the business challenges are SLB SLB, Halliburton Company HAL, Baker Hughes Company BKR and Archrock Inc AROC.About the IndustryThe Zacks Oil and Gas - Field Services industry comprises companies that primarily engage in providing support services to exploration and production players. These companies help in manufacturing, repairing and maintaining wells, drilling equipment, leasing of drilling rigs, seismic testing and transport and directional solutions, among others. Also, the firms help upstream energy players locate oil and natural gas and drill and evaluate hydrocarbon wells. Hence, oilfield services businesses are positively correlated to expenditures from upstream firms. Furthermore, with countries worldwide investing heavily in liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminals, a few oilfield service companies are extending their reach beyond the hydrocarbon fields and capitalizing on contracts for manufacturing equipment used in LNG facilities to decrease carbon emissions.3 Trends Defining the Oilfield Services Industry's FutureExposure to Volatile Oil & Gas Prices: The demand for oilfield services is predominantly tied to exploration and production activities as the companies assist the upstream players in effectively setting up oil and gas wells. Given the reliance of oil explorers and producers on a volatile and uncertain commodity pricing landscape, which is currently being affected by the escalating US-China trade war, the business of oilfield service companies like SLB and Halliburton is susceptible to uncertainty.Lower Upstream Spending: Although the commodity pricing scenario is still favorable for exploration and production operations since the breakeven prices are much lower for existing wells in the shale plays, there has been a slowdown in drilling activities, which may continue as upstream players are prioritizing stockholder returns rather than boosting output. The reduction in drilling activity indicates lower demand for oilfield services, as companies like SLB and Halliburton, which primarily assist upstream operators in setting up oil and gas wells, are adversely impacted by this shift.Impacts of Failing Energy Transition Goals on Cashflows: The prosperity of companies within the industry hinges greatly on their adeptness in navigating the evolving energy transition landscape. This encompasses the ability of oilfield service providers to efficiently tackle the decarbonization of oil and gas operations while expanding the adoption of inventive, low-carbon and carbon-neutral technologies. Consequently, falling short of energy transition objectives will affect cash flow.Zacks Industry Rank Indicates Bearish OutlookThe Zacks Oil and Gas – Field Services is a 22-stock group within the broader Zacks Oil - Energy sector. The industry currently carries a Zacks Industry Rank #149, which places it in the bottom 40% of more than 250 Zacks industries.The group’s Zacks Industry Rank, which is basically the average of the Zacks Rank of all the member stocks, indicates gloomy near-term prospects. Our research shows that the top 50% of the Zacks-ranked industries outperform the bottom 50% by a factor of more than 2 to 1.Before we present a few stocks that you may consider, let’s take a look at the industry’s recent stock-market performance and valuation picture.Industry Lags S&P 500 & SectorThe Zacks Oil and Gas – Field Services industry has lagged the Zacks S&P 500 composite and the broader Zacks Oil – Energy sector over the past year.The industry has plummeted 27.1% over this period against the S&P 500’s rise of 4.7% and the broader sector’s 15.2% decline.One-Year Price PerformanceIndustry's Current ValuationSince oil and gas companies are debt-laden, it makes sense to value them based on the EV/EBITDA (Enterprise Value/Earnings before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortization) ratio. This is because the valuation metric takes into account not just equity but also the level of debt. For capital-intensive companies, EV/EBITDA is a better valuation metric because it is not influenced by changing capital structures and ignores the effect of non-cash expenses.Based on the trailing 12-month EV/EBITDA, the industry is currently trading at 5.45X compared with the S&P 500’s 15.53X and the sector’s 4.14X.Over the past five years, the industry has traded as high as 12.87X and as low as 1.10X, with a median of 8.24X.Trailing 12-Month Enterprise Value-to EBITDA (EV/EBITDA) Ratio4 Oilfield Services Stocks Trying to Survive Industry ChallengesArchrockArchrock's acquisition of Total Operations and Production Services (“TOPS”) brings a young, fully electric compression fleet, in turn significantly expanding ARCH’s capacity and improving margins. By retaining the TOPS management team, Archrock, currently sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), has gained valuable expertise in managing electric-driven compression fleets, positioning itself as a leader in the shift toward electrified natural gas compression.Price and Consensus: AROCBaker HughesWith its business footprint spreading across natural gas, LNG (liquefied natural gas), clean energy and mature oilfields, Baker Hughes' long-term prospects look bright. The diverse business portfolio secures BKR with steady earnings even if the operations remain volatile. Importantly, Baker Hughes is strengthening its global presence to secure additional cash flows while expanding to prospective regions like Namibia, Oman and Abu Dhabi. Currently, BKR carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).Price and Consensus: BKRSLBSLB’s diversified business portfolio, leadership in digital technology, and strategic expansions into low-carbon and data center markets position it to sustain its growth and margins, even though upstream investments are moderating. Zacks #3 Ranked SLB also has a strong focus on shareholder returns and running its business efficiently.  You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank(Strong Buy) stocks here. Price and Consensus: SLBHalliburtonHalliburton, with a Zacks Rank of 3, is a leading oilfield service player with strong cash flow and smart investments in growth areas. While the industry faces ups and downs, its innovations and global reach should keep it ahead of competitors. Notably, HAL has identified four key growth areas comprising drilling technologies, unconventionals, well intervention and artificial lift with the potential to contribute $2.5 to $3 billion in annual revenues within the next three to five years.Price and Consensus: HALWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free reportSchlumberger Limited (SLB) : Free Stock Analysis ReportHalliburton Company (HAL) : Free Stock Analysis ReportBaker Hughes Company (BKR) : Free Stock Analysis ReportArchrock, Inc. (AROC) : Free Stock Analysis ReportThis article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).Zacks Investment ResearchThe Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettRetiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
