Title: Short sellers mint $159 billion profit in 6 days as stocks sink
Date: 2025-04-09 13:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/short-sellers-mint-159-billion-131131012.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) — Short sellers, or traders who wager on share price declines, are up $159 billion in paper profits over just six trading days after an escalating trade war sent the US stock market plummeting down more than 10%. The biggest market drawdown since 2022 on President Donald Trump’s pronouncement of sweeping worldwide tariffs made bets against an exchange traded fund tracking the S&P 500 Index, known as SPY, the most profitable short bet in that timeframe, according to data from S3 Partners LLC. Traders wagering that the ETF would fall have so far accumulated paper profits of more than $6.1 billion this month, per an S3 report Tuesday. Shorts stand to benefit from the wild intraday swings that erased trillions of dollars of market value, though it will ultimately depend on when they cash out on their wagers. With another $46 billion of new short bets made in April, according to S3, there’s a risk those contrarian wagers further amplify the next big shift in the market, especially if current weakness reverses and sends the major indexes higher. “Overall, the short side was an extraordinarily profitable trade up and down the market during this correction,” Ihor Dusaniwsky, managing director of predictive analytics at S3, wrote. “81% of every short trade was profitable and 97% of every dollar shorted was a profitable trade.” Other contrarian bets that netted shorts the most gains include Apple Inc. (AAPL), Nvidia Corp (NVDA) and Tesla Inc. (TSLA). The Invesco QQQ Trust Series, which tracks the Nasdaq 100 (^NDX) Index, rounds out the top five most-profitable short trades so far in April. Each of the top five has so far netted paper profits of more than $2 billion for short sellers. Most of the so-called Magnificent Seven megacap technology stocks are included in the list of most profitable shorts so far in April. Meta Platforms Inc (META), Amazon.com (AMZN) and Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) are also in the top fifteen. Outside of Nvidia, shorts have made solid bets that share prices of Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Broadcom Inc. and Micron Technology Inc. would decline. Total short interest, or the dollar amount of total shares sold short, decreased by $114 billion — in part due to falling equity prices. In the event of a market rebound, short sellers will likely exit their negative positions by buying back shares, which could boost upside momentum for the overall market. “When the market hits a floor and starts trending upwards again, we should expect a slew of buy-to-covers as the mark-to-market increase of shares shorted creates a short side over-exposure in hedged portfolios and short sellers look to realize their mark-to-market gains,” said Dusaniwsky. “Short sellers will be shoulder to shoulder with momentum and FOMO traders buying into a future rally, exacerbating market volatility on the way up as they did on the way down.” More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        
 (Bloomberg) -- Traders are looking for a US stock-market bottom after the biggest four-day rout in five years, but key technical indicators suggest more pain is ahead.Stocks are the most oversold since the depths of the pandemic, conditions that briefly lifted the S&P 500 Index by as much as 4% higher Tuesday. But the US equity benchmark erased its gains to end the session 1.6% lower at about 4,983 — teetering on the brink of a bear market — amid mounting trade tensions between the US and China. The recent sell-off has left few stocks unscathed, including "Magnificent Seven" stocks such as Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN).  Let's take a closer look at Amazon's businesses and financials to see if the stock could still be a winner this year.  It may surprise some investors to learn that the online sales enterprise is likely not a compelling reason to buy Amazon stock. The planned American export controls on the chips — the most advanced AI processor legally available in China under U.S. export controls — had been in the works for months, NPR reported, citing two sources, and were ready to be implemented as soon as this week.  The change in plans came after Nvidia promised the Trump administration new U.S. investments in AI data centers, the NPR report said.  The White House and Nvidia did not immediately respond to Reuters' requests for comment. Zacks.com users have recently been watching Ares Capital (ARCC) quite a bit. Thus, it is worth knowing the facts that could determine the stock's prospects. Dividend stocks can provide you with some valuable income on a recurring basis.  Given the decline in the stock market of late, now may be a great time for investors to scoop up some quality income stocks at attractive valuations.  Three high-yielding stocks you may want to consider loading up on right now are Realty Income (NYSE: O), United Parcel Service (NYSE: UPS), and Bank of Nova Scotia (NYSE: BNS). The tech industry tried to cozy up to the Trump Administration in the hopes that it could avoid getting caught in the crossfire of his policy moves. But they couldn't dodge his tariffs. Both Advanced Micro Devices and AVGO offer semiconductor chips that power AI. Which stock is a better buy for investors in a challenging macro backdrop? I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
