Title: Solve Intelligence raises fresh $12M to bring AI to IP, patent workflows
Date: 2025-04-09 14:00
URL: https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/09/microsoft-backs-solve-intelligence-in-12m-series-a-funding/?.tsrc=rss



		Latest	
 

		AI	
 

		Amazon	
 

		Apps	
 

		Biotech & Health	
 

		Climate	
 

		Cloud Computing	
 

		Commerce	
 

		Crypto	
 

		Enterprise	
 

		EVs	
 

		Fintech	
 

		Fundraising	
 

		Gadgets	
 

		Gaming	
 

		Google	
 

		Government & Policy	
 

		Hardware	
 

		Instagram	
 

		Layoffs	
 

		Media & Entertainment	
 

		Meta	
 

		Microsoft	
 

		Privacy	
 

		Robotics	
 

		Security	
 

		Social	
 

		Space	
 

		Startups	
 

		TikTok	
 

		Transportation	
 

		Venture	
 

		Events	
 

		Startup Battlefield	
 

		StrictlyVC	
 

		Newsletters	
 

		Podcasts	
 

		Videos	
 

		Partner Content	
 

		TechCrunch Brand Studio	
 

		Crunchboard	
 

		Contact Us	
 Legal tech has come a long way, but the bulk of an intellectual property or patent lawyer’s work today is still done with spreadsheets, word processors, and PDFs. A startup out of Delaware, Solve Intelligence, is using generative AI to speed up that work, believing its tech is uniquely suited to the needs of patent attorneys who need both domain expertise and legal knowledge to do their work. Solve offers an in-browser document editor that works like Google Docs but is powered by an AI model to help attorneys with the drafting and writing required for IP work and filing patents. The company says its AI can help with patent drafting, office action response, claim charting, and invention disclosure generation and enhancement.  Now, the startup has raised $12 million in a Series A funding round, led by 20VC, to further build its momentum on the back of growing traction, a widening customer base and increasing revenue.  Solve’s co-founder and CEO, Chris Parsonson, told TechCrunch the startup’s product is now used by 200 IP teams across the U.S., Europe, and Asia, including manufacturers like Siemens and Avery Dennison, as well as law firms DLA Piper and Finnegan — all without any sales or marketing staff.  “We now have millions of dollars in ARR, our revenue has been growing ~25% month-on-month since our launch, and we’ve hired a team of world-class patent attorneys, AI researchers, and software engineers,” Parsonson said. He did not disclose a number for the company’s recurring revenue.  The two-year-old company is now profitable, Parsonson said, adding that before the Series A, it had more money in its bank account than the $3 million seed it raised when it started in 2023. Some of that traction seems to have come not only due to more enterprises allowing their lawyers to use AI, but thanks to advances in AI development that have helped the startup flesh out its product. “Eighteen months ago, it wasn’t possible to build software for patent workflows. Now it is,” said co-founder and chief research officer Sanj Ahilan. “We have built evaluations and algorithms to bridge the gap between the output from off-the-shelf AI models such as ChatGPT and professional-grade legal content.” The startup will use the Series A proceeds to scale its product, hire staff, and open a new office in New York this year. The company has 15 employees and it plans to hire around 20 people over the next year. Microsoft’s Venture Fund (M12), Thomson Reuters Ventures and Y Combinator also participated in the round. This round brings Solve’s total capital raised to $15 million. Some of that money is also going toward R&D for life science applications. Parsonson said Solve is working with some large pharmaceutical companies and law firms to expand its patent drafting and patent prosecution functionality to help with sequence listing and patents. “We’ll double down on R&D investment to build more functionality for life science customers,” Parsonson told TechCrunch. “In addition, we’ll be investing heavily in expanding our product beyond drafting and prosecution to freedom-to-operate analysis, claim chart licensing and litigation, as well as patent portfolio analysis and management tools for in-house IP teams.” Solve is contending with several competitors in the legal tech space, including PatSnap, IPRally, HarveyAI, and Casetext (acquired by Thomson Reuters for $650 million in 2023).  But Parsonson thinks his startup stands out in terms of its AI output quality, customization ability, and UX. “Every patent attorney has a different style in which they like to draft patent applications, respond to office actions, and more,” Parsonson said. “The most popular feature of our product is the ability to customize the AI to a user’s own unique style, and then switch between different styles for different jurisdictions, technology fields, and clients. Users and IP teams can build out their own proprietary library of customized AI styles.” He also claimed that Solve’s strategic partnerships with its investors like Microsoft and Thomson Reuters will help it expand its offerings and serve AI systems tailored for patents on a large scale. “Legal workflows are deeply embedded in Microsoft products, such as Microsoft Word. Our strategic partnership with Microsoft will enable us to deepen our integrations with Word.” Topics 
Reporter, Asia
 Kate Park is a reporter at TechCrunch, with a focus on technology, startups and venture capital in Asia. She previously was a financial journalist at Mergermarket covering M&A, private equity and venture capital.  Ironwood is Google’s newest AI accelerator chip
    Governments identify dozens of Android apps bundled with spyware
    A 25-year-old police drone founder just raised $75M led by Index
    Inside the EV startup secretly backed by Jeff Bezos
    Amazon’s Zoox begins robotaxi testing in Los Angeles 
    IBM releases a new mainframe built for the age of AI
    Google is allegedly paying some AI staff to do nothing for a year rather than join rivals
   © 2025 Yahoo. 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now! 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now!