Title: Should You Buy Nvidia Stock Before May 28? Here's What History Says.
Date: 2025-05-08 12:30
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/08/should-you-buy-nvidia-stock-before-may-28-heres/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Nvidia reports earnings for the first quarter later this month, and history offers an indicator of what direction the stock should move in from here.
It's been a really interesting year in the stock market so far in 2025. At one point, the S&P 500 had dropped as low as 15% while the Nasdaq Composite cratered by 21%.
While news of Chinese artificial intelligence (AI) start-up DeepSeek and mixed economic indicators have made some impacts on the capital markets this year, I think the biggest contributors to the volatility (by far!) are the new tariff policies from the Trump administration. Although the S&P 500 and Nasdaq have recovered from their low points, both indexes still feature negative returns on the year -- with some of the biggest laggards being megacap technology stocks.
As I write this, Nvidia (NVDA 0.28%) has lost nearly $1 trillion in market value so far in 2025. Indeed, such a sell-off would suggest that investors have soured on the formerly red-hot semiconductor darling. With its fiscal first-quarter earnings report scheduled for May 28, is now a good time to buy the dip in Nvidia stock?
Read on to find out what history says should happen after the company publishes its first-quarter report later this month.
The chart below illustrates Nvidia's share price movement over the last three years. The purple circles with the letter "E" in the center indicate earnings reports. For the majority of the last few years, Nvidia stock has climbed immediately following an earnings report. At a high level, this would suggest that Nvidia stock could be positioned to continue its winning streak.

NVDA data by YCharts
Unfortunately, there's one major nuance to call out before assuming Nvidia stock will rise once again. The most notable exception to Nvidia's post-earnings jolts occurred back in February when the company reported financial results for the fourth quarter and full 2024 year. Since the company reported earnings on Feb. 26, shares have dropped by 13% as of this writing.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 909% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025
Although the precipitous drop-off in Nvidia stock since the company last reported earnings might be a little jarring, there are some important details to discuss.
The earnings report itself was anything but a problem. The main event back in February was Nvidia's new Blackwell GPU architecture. During the fourth quarter, Blackwell outperformed management's internal estimates by bringing in $11 billion in revenue.
What's even better is that Nvidia's management said it believes the company's gross margin will improve throughout the year as the Blackwell ramp-up continues to scale. Moreover, management touted a line of successor GPU architectures including Blackwell Ultra and Rubin, which I'm confident should help Nvidia maintain robust growth prospects over the next several years.
With so much good news surrounding Nvidia's actual business, why has the stock been selling off for months now? As I alluded to above, uncertainty around tariffs combined with new export controls around the Chinese market (an important source of revenue for Nvidia) have investors worried about the company's growth. While I understand these concerns, I think they are overblown.
Image source: Getty Images.
As an investor, I will be listening closely to how the secular trends fueling AI infrastructure are impacting the company's long-run prospects relative to near-term headwinds in China and the tariff environment.
Over the last couple of weeks, investors have gotten a glimpse of other leading AI businesses and how they are navigating the ongoing tariff-driven turbulence. Meta Platforms, Alphabet, Amazon, and Microsoft have all reported earnings for the first calendar quarter of 2025. One thing stitching these companies together is their collective focus on AI infrastructure. On a combined basis, these companies are planning on spending hundreds of billions of dollars this year on data center buildouts.
To me, if tariffs were a longer-term concern or mission-critical issue for business then big tech companies would not be doubling down on their AI roadmaps right now. Given that all of these companies are Nvidia customers, I think the chipmaker remains in a position of strength and will extinguish any investor fears about long-term growth. As a result, I think Nvidia stock could beat expectations and begin to attract growth investors once again.
I see Nvidia as a good buying opportunity right now for growth investors who intend to hold the stock for the long term.
Ever feel like you missed the boat in buying the most successful stocks? Then you’ll want to hear this.
On rare occasions, our expert team of analysts issues a “Double Down” stock recommendation for companies that they think are about to pop. If you’re worried you’ve already missed your chance to invest, now is the best time to buy before it’s too late. And the numbers speak for themselves:
Right now, we’re issuing “Double Down” alerts for three incredible companies, and there may not be another chance like this anytime soon.
Learn more ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of 05/08/2025
John Mackey, former CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Randi Zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for Facebook and sister to Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Adam Spatacco has positions in Alphabet, Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends