Amazon's Profit Forecast Misses Estimates
2025-05-01 20-39
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/amazons-profit-forecast-misses-estimates-203958467.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Amazon.com Inc. gave a weaker-than-expected forecast for operating profit in the current quarter, citing tariffs and trade policies that may cause consumers to pull back on spending. Scott Devitt of Wedbush Securities reacts to the earnings report on "Bloomberg The Close."
Carolina Milanesi, president and principal analyst at Creative Strategies, discusses why investors are more focused on Apple's future plans than its previous quarter's earnings as the iPhone maker prepares to report second-quarter results. She joins Caroline Hyde and Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology."
Long-time Tesla investor Ross Gerber, says he's not surprised Tesla may have been looking for a new CEO. Gerber, Kawasaki Wealth and Investment Management co-founder, talks about who could replace Musk. He is on "Bloomberg The Close."
The S&P 500 advanced 0.6% on Thursday, May 1, securing its eighth straight winning session as strong results from Microsoft and Meta helped boost tech stocks.
US benchmark equity indexes advanced Thursday as a post-earnings rally in Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta
The stock market today ignored signs of a weaker U.S. labor market as the Nasdaq led a rally on tech earnings. Aerospace stocks also rose.
Amazon posted higher first-quarter profit and sales that beat analysts' projections, underscoring the online behemoth's hold on shoppers looking for low prices and a wide selection in an uncertain economy.  The Seattle-based company also reported strong sales growth for its prominent cloud computing arm Amazon Web Services, it said after the market closed Thursday.  Amazon, along with many large retailers and suppliers, have tried to beat the clock by bringing in foreign goods before Trump’s tariffs took effect.
Microsoft stock soared on Thursday after the tech giant’s quarterly results handily beat Wall Street estimates.
Applied Digital stock is surging today after Microsoft and Meta Platforms published strong quarterly results.  Microsoft and Meta's capital expenditures updates suggests that both tech giants are continuing to make big investments in AI processing.  High levels of AI infrastructure spending are a positive demand indicator for Applied Digital, but the company is coming off of a quarterly report that raised big questions.
Apple's gross profit margin was slightly disappointing in its second-quarter report. Overall, Wall Street analysts expected a 47.3% gross margin; Apple delivered 47.1%. This was driven by product gross margin of 35.
🔎 After-Hours Earnings: Amazon.com (AMZN) shares fell about 4% despite the tech giant posting strong results. Apple (AAPL) stock slipped 1.4% after its earnings release. Earlier, a judge ruled the iPhone maker violated an antitrust ruling related to App Store restrictions.