Title: Satya Nadella Says AI Needs A 'New Type Of Inbox'—And Believes Microsoft's Copilot Will Be As Big As Excel And PowerPoint
Date: 2025-04-14 14:01:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/satya-nadella-says-ai-needs-140107193.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) CEOSatya Nadellaisn't just celebrating the company's 50th birthday—he's laying the groundwork for its next 50 years. And it starts with artificial intelligence taking center stage. Nadella believes the company is about to launch something as revolutionary as Excel or PowerPoint once were: its AI assistant, Copilot. Nadella recently sat down withGeekWireto reflect on the company’s evolution. He traced Microsoft's DNA back to 1975, whenBill GatesandPaul Allencreated a BASIC interpreter for the Altair. Don't Miss: Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm —invest pre-IPO from $0.55 per share now. ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones.You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum. That early project wasn't just about code—it was about giving people tools to build more technology. Nadella said, "Technologies will come and go, but the idea is that this company can stay relevant by producing technology so that more and more people around the world can create more digital technology that’s pervasive in our society." With Copilot, Microsoft has gone all in on generative AI. First introduced in GitHub Copilot, the tool helped developers write code more efficiently. But now it'sintegrated across Microsoft 365—from Word and Excel to Outlook and PowerPoint—serving as a digital teammate for everyday users. At the core of Nadella's vision, he told GeekWire, is a bold new concept: a new type of inbox designed not for email but for managing the work of fleets of AI assistants. Trending:Invest in the Future of Digital Engagement. Own a Piece of the $100 Billion Metaverse Today for Just $500. Think AI researchers gathering data, AI coders updating software, and AI analysts prepping meeting notes—each acting independently or in coordination, while humans simply direct traffic. Nadella thinks it's as big of a shift as when Excel first replaced calculators. Nadella told GeekWire about a recent personal use case. Before three customer meetings, he had Microsoft 365's Copilot researcher agent pull together everything he needed—internal documents, CRM insights, external articles—into complete briefing docs. "These are the products I use all the time with high intensity, so, yeah, I think we're beginning to see value,” he said. The speed and depth were comparable to work done by a full analyst team. Microsoft's aggressive expansion in AI is backed by serious money.Microsoft announcedin early January it expects to spend $80 billion on AI infrastructure this fiscal year. That includes massive investments in computing power to support tools like Copilot and Azure OpenAI services. See Also:With Shares Starting at Just $1.52, This Could be Your Chance to Invest in the Future of Healthcare. Much of Microsoft's AI firepower comes from its partnership with OpenAI, the maker of ChatGPT. Later in January, Microsoftreinterated, Microsoft reiterated that the partnership's key elements remain in place for the duration of their contract through 2030, with their access to OpenAI's IP, Microsoft's revenue sharing arrangements, and their exclusivity on OpenAI's APIs all continuing forward. According toTech Startups, Microsoft has poured over $13 billion into OpenAI since 2019, making it a cornerstone of its strategy. But the partnership hasn't been without complications. Former CEOSteve BallmertoldGeekWire, "What Satya did with OpenAI, I think was brilliant — and I think it's fraught with peril, but I know they know that. It's sort of a juggling act." Read Next: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing —this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share. Deloitte's fastest-growing software company partners with Amazon, Walmart & Target –Many are rushing to grab 4,000 of its pre-IPO shares for just $0.26/share! UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? MICROSOFT (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis Report This articleSatya Nadella Says AI Needs A 'New Type Of Inbox'—And Believes Microsoft's Copilot Will Be As Big As Excel And PowerPointoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com © 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. US telcos will turn up the volume on cost assurance messaging to underline their ability to provide customers with spend certainty as fears grow that the cost of new tariffs will be passed on to US consumers. Microsoft (MSFT) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Constellation Energy Corporation (NASDAQ:CEG) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely […] This is what could happen next to Amazon shares. We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But more recently, […] Comerica (CMA) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations. Meta went to court Monday against the Federal Trade Commission in an antitrust case that could force the social media titan to sell off Instagram or WhatsApp. We recently published a list of 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May. While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment manager, expects […] Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in. Broadcom Inc. (AVGO) possesses solid growth attributes, which could help it handily outperform the market. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.