Title: The trade war uncovers new economies of scale_ Morning Brief
Date: 2025-04-15 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-trade-war-uncovers-new-economies-of-scale-morning-brief-100042287.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you can sign up to receive in your inbox every morning along with: The chart of the day What we're watching What we're reading Economic data releases and earnings It pays to be big. That's one early takeaway from the tariff drama. Investors momentarily poured back into Big Tech after the administration initiated a temporary levy exemption that covers consumer electronics, networking equipment, GPUs, and servers. It's essentially another way of saying that Big Tech will probably be OK, as investors also look to the sector as a defensive play. Meanwhile, other sectors and companies still stare down a massive tariff upheaval. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        
 It's a feature of American politics to want to avoid the appearance of picking winners and losers in the market. That phrase is often used as a rhetorical cudgel to attack opponents as bad for the economy. But one person's favoritism is another's industrial policy. If the market is consumed by the repercussions of tariffs, exemptions to those taxes can mean everything. The potential special carve-outs for tech, however, initially sparked a rally on Monday, fizzled, then rebounded. Part of this confused response from investors was the White House seemingly sending mixed signals. After the exclusions from reciprocal tariffs were first unveiled, the president said in a social media post "there was no Tariff 'exception' announced." He later told reporters that his goal was encouraging production to move to the US but added that the administration has to show flexibility. The tech titans hoping to receive assistance from the White House are showing flexibility too, or rather a willingness to support the president's agenda of bolstering domestic manufacturing and investment. Nvidia (NVDA) on Monday said it will produce up to $500 billion of AI infrastructure in the US within the next four years. That announcement follows other Big Tech commitments from Apple (AAPL), Microsoft (MSFT), and Meta (META) to spend in the US. Recent trading sessions with wild upward swings have made one thing clear: Pronouncements on tariffs are the only meaningful catalyst for stocks in this uncertain moment. That goes for Big Tech too, whose trillion-dollar tickers are buoyed by global supply chains and customer bases all around the world. It's true that their size and market heft might allow these companies to weather whatever tariff costs come. But people are intimately familiar with how much, say, a phone costs, making a sudden upcharge on a finished product an unsavory consumer experience. It is, perhaps, the modern price of bread. Overall, the dizzying tariff news, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives said in a note to clients, is "a step forward net positive for Apple as well as other tech names." It creates the space for some sort of negotiation with China, he said, and can lead to a deescalation of the trade war issues that have left Big Tech caught in the middle. Their importance for American tech supremacy means, in a way, they are too important to fail, and the value they bring to the stock market makes the rest of the S&P seem like lesser moons in a solar system that revolves around them. But in this chaotic environment, the most important distinction of all isn't size alone; it's a tariff carve-out. Hamza Shaban is a reporter for Yahoo Finance covering markets and the economy. Follow Hamza on X @hshaban. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Trucking company is first major freight operator to report results since Trump began rolling out new tariffs. The airline issued dual-guidance benchmarks in the face of extreme market uncertainty. Companies with a long history of paying dividends and consistently hiking them remain appealing to income-focused investors. Kimberly-Clark, TXNM Energy, and Getty Realty have rewarded shareholders for years and recently announced dividend increases. These companies currently offer dividend yields of around 3% to 6%. Kimberly-Clark Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) is an American multinational consumer goods and personal care corporation operating in more than 175 countries. Its portfolio of Although the revenue and EPS for Interactive Brokers (IBKR) give a sense of how its business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it might be worth considering how some key metrics compare with Wall Street estimates and the year-ago numbers. J.B. Hunt Transport Services said it’s remaining rate-disciplined on the intermodal front, allowing some business to walk as it works to improve yields and margins in the segment. The post J.B. Hunt’s intermodal bid season delivers mixed results appeared first on FreightWaves. Nvidia said it would record a $5.5 billion charge on its quarterly earnings and disclosed that the U.S. will now require a license for exporting the company's H20 processors to China and other countries.  Nvidia shares fell more than 6% in after-hours trading.  The H20 chips have far less processing power than the latest top-of-the-line Nvidia processors. (Bloomberg) -- Elliott Investment Management has built a position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. worth more than $1.5 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingElliott plans to engage Nvidia says new US restrictions on exports of its H2O chip to China will cost the company billions of dollars. Bloomberg's Michael Shepard reports. The U.S. government ”indicated that the license requirement addresses the risk that the covered products may be used in, or diverted to, a supercomputer in China,” Nvidia said. NEW YORK (Reuters) -Oil prices were little changed on Tuesday as investors digested the latest headlines on U.S. President Donald Trump's on-again, off-again tariffs and tried to figure how much the U.S.-China trade war could reduce global economic growth and oil demand.  Brent crude futures fell 21 cents, or 0.3%, to settle at $64.67 per barrel, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude fell 20 cents, or 0.3%, to settle at $61.33.  The International Energy Agency followed on Tuesday with its projection that global oil demand in 2025 will grow at its slowest rate for five years due to worries about economic growth from Trump’s trade tariffs. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
