Buy Meta Platforms or Microsoft Stock After Beating Earnings Expectations_
2025-05-01 21-26
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/buy-meta-platforms-microsoft-stock-212600634.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Nasdaq has continued to rebound and drift higher after the market received favorable quarterly results and guidance from Meta Platforms META and Microsoft MSFT.
Reporting after-market hours on Thursday, both were able to exceed expectations with Meta and Microsoft’s stock spiking +4% and +7% in today's trading session, respectively.
 
With Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg stating the company is making good progress on its AI initiatives, the social media giant’s Q1 sales increased 16% year over year to $42.31 billion and topped estimates of $41.23 billion. Q1 highlights included Meta AI users hitting almost a billion monthly active users (MAU), with Daily Active People (DAP) on its Facebook and Instagram platforms increasing 6% to 3.43 billion.
On the bottom line, Meta’s Q1 EPS spiked 36% to $6.43 from $4.71 per share a year ago. Blowing away Q1 earnings expectations of $5.22 a share by 23%, Meta has now exceeded the Zacks EPS Consensus for 10 consecutive quarters.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Wall Street especially applauded Microsoft’s results for its fiscal third quarter as the computer software pioneer is crucial to various technology-driven business applications, including cloud and AI expansion. Appeasing analysts, Microsoft’s AI solutions helped its cloud revenue jump 20% to $42.4 billion. Intelligence Cloud contributed to 58% of cloud revenue at $26.75 billion, thanks to Azure, which provides a variety of computing, storage, networking, and AI capabilities. Azure sales expanded 21%, with AI adding to 16 percentage points of its growth.  
Overall, Microsoft’s Q3 sales rose 13% to $70.06 billion and eclipsed estimates of $68.38 billion. More reassuring, Microsoft’s net income spiked 18% to $3.46 per share versus EPS of $2.94 in the comparative quarter. Topping Q1 EPS expectations of $3.20 by 8%, Microsoft has exceeded earnings expectations for 11 consecutive quarters.  
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Reassuringly, Meta projects Q2 revenue at $42.5-$45.5 billion, which came in range of Zacks' estimates of $43.33 billion (Current Qtr below) or 11% growth. Based on Zacks projections, Meta’s total sales are currently expected to rise 12% in fiscal 2025 and are projected to jump another 13% in FY26 to $208.08 billion.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
As for Microsoft, it expects its Q4 revenue to be in the range of $73.15-$74.25 billion, topping the current Zacks Consensus of $72.03 billion or 11% growth. Furthermore, Microsoft expects Azure’s Q4 growth rate at 34%-35%. Zacks estimates call for Microsoft’s annual sales to expand by over 12% in FY25 and FY26 with projections edging north of $300 billion.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
With Meta and Microsoft stock edging toward positivity territory for the year, they still offer long-term value to investors at their current levels. Meta sticks out in particular, as its 22.7X forward earnings multiple is the second cheapest forward P/E valuation among the Mag 7, next to Alphabet GOOGL. 
That said, at 30.3X forward earnings, Microsoft isn’t at an overly stretched premium to the benchmark S&P 500’s 21.4X and offers a 20% discount to its decade-long high of 38.2X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
There could certainly be more upside for Meta and Microsoft’s stock following their favorable quarterly results and guidance. For now, both maintain a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), although buy ratings may be on the way as earnings estimate revisions could trend higher in the coming weeks, given their positive outlook.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
After Meta (META) reported stronger-than-expected first-quarter results and provided Q2 guidance that also beat analysts’ average estimates, Truist, a U.S. bank, raised its price target on the name to $720 from $700. Truist kept a Buy rating on META. Why Truist Is Bullish on META The performance of Meta’s ads has been boosted by AI, […]
(Reuters) -Microsoft is switching the law firm representing it in a shareholder case, replacing one that settled with the Trump administration to avoid a punishing executive order with one that is fighting the White House.  Court documents showed Microsoft has hired Jenner & Block to replace Simpson Thacher in a Delaware Chancery Court lawsuit over its $69 billion purchase of Activision Blizzard.  Microsoft, without elaborating, said in a statement to Reuters that Simpson Thacher continues to represent it on other matters.
In the most recent trading session, Emerson Electric (EMR) closed at $105.81, indicating a +0.67% shift from the previous trading day.
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on […]
Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) CEO Andy Jassy reinforced his mission to return the e-commerce giant to its startup roots during remarks at the Harvard Business Review Leadership Summit on Monday, emphasizing improved collaboration from the company’s return-to-office mandate and streamlined management. What Happened: Jassy, who succeeded Jeff Bezos as CEO in 2021, brings nearly three decades of Amazon experience, including his pivotal role in building Amazon Web Services (AWS) from a small team to
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as […]
UPST's Q1 results are likely to reflect the benefits of the AI-driven consumer lending model, innovative product launches and rate cuts by the Fed in 2024.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.