Title: TSMC Stock Rallies After Morgan Stanley Names It Top Pick on AI Demand
Date: 2025-05-02 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tsmc-stock-rallies-morgan-stanley-190012266.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (NYSE:TSM) rose more than 4% Friday after Morgan Stanley upgraded the stock to its Top Pick, citing strong AI-related capital spending plans from Meta (NASDAQ:META) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), according to a Friday note.
Morgan Stanley analysts, led by Charlie Chan, said earlier concerns about AI demand durability, a potential joint venture with Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), and tariff risks had kept TSM from regaining the top spot. With those overhangs easing, the stock is now the firm's preferred pick in the sector.
Recent guidance from Meta lifted its 2025 capex outlook to $64 billion to $72 billion, up from a previous range of $60 billion to $65 billion. Microsoft also flagged ongoing AI demand, with a growing but moderating capex pace expected into fiscal 2026.
Supply chain checks indicate that demand for TSM's CoWoS-L (Chip-on-Wafer-on-Substrate-L) packaging remains stable, despite investor worries after Nvidia flagged possible order cuts.
On the Intel front, the analysts said TSM had ruled out a JV, noting Intel's plans to internalize production could keep its contribution flat or lower in 2026.
Morgan Stanley added that TSM's $165 billion U.S. investment could improve its odds of tariff exemptions.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
The retailer’s location in Texas, which is its first “Store of the Future” in the U.S., is focused on innovation and caters offerings to regional customers.
- Commodities products added $3.7 billion in market gains. - Equity products lost $758 million in depreciation. - Assets under management matched analyst estimates.
- International equity funds lead inflows, with IXUS pulling in $1.4 billion. - Here are the daily ETF fund flows for May 1, 2025.
Nvidia  stock was rising Thursday after major customers  Microsoft  and  Meta Platforms  signaled they will continue to spend heavily on artificial-intelligence infrastructure.  Nvidia shares were up 4.1% at $113.38 just after noon.  There were good signs for Nvidia as Microsoft reported late Wednesday that its third-quarter capital expenditures came to $16.7 billion, up from $11 billion in the same period a year ago, and said its full-year capex expectations were unchanged.
Both Nvidia and Intel should benefit immensely.  When it comes to investing in artificial intelligence (AI), buying shares of graphics processing unit (GPU) manufacturers like Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) and Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) can be a wise decision.  Nearly every AI application requires these specialized chips to function, and buying stock in a GPU maker gives your portfolio direct exposure to the entire AI industry.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Ice cream maker Ben & Jerry's said late on Friday that billionaire activist investor Nelson Peltz, who is on its parent company Unilever's board, has increased his influence over the consumer goods conglomerate, including on political issues.  Unilever and the unit have been locked in a bitter legal dispute since last year over allegations that the parent is muzzling it, hurting its ability to carry out its social mission.  The Vermont-based frozen dessert manufacturer made the new claims in response to Unilever's attempts last week to have the case thrown out.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio