Title: Latest News In Cloud AI - NVIDIA Blackwell HGX B200 Platform Shaping AI's Future
Date: 2025-04-15 12:37:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/latest-news-cloud-ai-nvidia-123741326.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. TechInsights has released preliminary findings from its teardown analysis of NVIDIA's Blackwell HGX B200 platform, highlighting significant developments in cloud AI and high-performance computing. The report identifies SK hynix as the supplier of the high-bandwidth memory (HBM3E) used in the platform's GB100 GPU, which features an advanced packaging design by TSMC. This new architecture, which includes TSMC's CoWoS-L packaging, promises substantial performance improvements and represents significant advancements in generative AI technology. These insights provide valuable intelligence for professionals in the semiconductor and AI industries as they explore NVIDIA's latest innovations. In other trading,Alibaba Group Holdingwas a standout up 5.8% and ending the day at $113.97. Meanwhile,China Greatwall Technology Grouptrailed, down 5.5% to close at CN¥15.78. Microsoft's rapid AI growth and strategic partnerships present a significant revenue opportunity that could drive margin expansion. Click here to delve deeper into Microsoft's dynamic business story. On a related note, revisit our Market Insights piece on DeepSeek's AI breakthrough, exploring its potential disruption in the Cloud AI investment landscape and highlighting the urgency for investors to adapt. Applesettled at $202.52 up 2.2%. Alphabetsettled at $159.07 up 1.2%. Microsoftsettled at $387.81 down 0.2%. Reveal the 144 hidden gems, such asBaidu,InterDigitalandFortinet, among ourCloud AI Stocksscreener with a single click here. Ready To Venture Into Other Investment Styles?We've found 26 US stocks that are forecast to pay a dividend yeild of over 6% next year. See the full list for free. This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. Sources: Simply Wall St "TechInsights Releases Initial Findings of its NVIDIA Blackwell HGX B200 Platform Teardown" from TechInsights Inc. on GlobeNewswire (published 14 April 2025) Companies discussed in this article includeNYSE:BABANasdaqGS:AAPLNasdaqGS:GOOGLNasdaqGS:MSFTand SZSE:000066. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, emaileditorial-team@simplywallst.com We recently published a list of 10 Safest Dividend Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where TXNM Energy, Inc. (NYSE:TXNM) stands against other safest dividend stocks to buy now. Today, in this article, we will be looking at the 10 safest dividend stocks you might be […] Goldman Sachs Group Inc.'s stock traders posted their highest quarterly revenue haul on record, riding a wave of volatility triggered by an emerging global trade war that's roiled financial markets. KBW Analyst of Large Cap Banks David Konrad has more on the story. The move will mark a shift from the company’s prior exclusive reliance on synthetic data for training AI models. Japan’s antitrust regulator instructed Alphabet’s Google to stop what it said are anticompetitive practices involving mobile search services, its first order against a U.S. technology giant. Google will require European crypto ads to follow MiCA rules, raising compliance hurdles for smaller exchanges. Learn how to save money using credit card rewards to book your next Airbnb stay or find the right credit card to earn more points on your Airbnb purchases. Advanced AI video generation from Google. Japanese regulators on Tuesday accused U.S. tech giant Google of violating anti-monopoly laws, echoing similar moves in the U.S. and Europe.  Google Japan said in a statement that it found the action “regrettable.”  It said it has invested in Japan significantly to promote innovation as a technology leader. Investors looking for ways to find stocks that are set to beat quarterly earnings estimates should check out the Zacks Earnings ESP. Which of the "Magnificent Seven" stocks has the most generative artificial intelligence (AI) patents?  You might think it's a company like Microsoft, which has developed extensive generative AI capabilities for its popular products, or Nvidia, which develops the chips that make AI technology possible.  Based on The Motley Fool's latest research, Alphabet has 631 different generative AI patents -- second most among U.S. companies and a far greater number than any of its big-tech counterparts. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.