Title: Apple's 'complete disaster,' Microsoft's tariff uncertainty, and Amazon's vibe: Tech news roundup
Date: 2025-04-12 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apples-complete-disaster-microsofts-tariff-130000686.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) could be in for an even rougher ride than its Big Tech rivals.
That’s according to Wedbush Securities analyst Dan Ives, who warned in a note over the weekend that Apple faces particular peril from President Donald Trump’s growing trade war.
Read More
Trump may have announced a 90-day pause ontariffs for most countries, but he remains determined to escalate the trade war with China. On Wednesday, he announced that Chinese goods will now be subject to 125% tariffs.
Read More
Americans are worried aboutAI’s impact on the job market, and experts say they’re right to be concerned. But not every field will be hit the same way.
Read More
Two Microsoft employees have been fired after publicly protesting the company’s contracts with the Israeli military.
The employees disrupted the technology giant’s 50th anniversary celebration, shouting over Microsoft AI CEO Mustafa Suleyman’s speech.
“You claim that you care about using AI for good but Microsoft sells AI weapons to the Israeli military,” software engineer Ibtihal Aboussad said. “Fifty-thousand people have died and Microsoft powers this genocide in our region.”
Read More
Apple’s (AAPL) initial plan to take the edge off of President Donald Trump’s trade war includes sourcing more of its phones for the U.S. market from factories in India, according to theWall Street Journal.
Read More
Microsoft (MSFT) stock fell more than 5% in afternoon trading certainty, with Amazon (AMZN) and the otherMagnificent 7 shares also losing groundas investors continued to reassess the fallout from this week’s abrupt tariff pause — and its likely ripple effects across corporate IT spending.
Read More
Innovation plays a crucial role in shaping the economic and technological future of the U.S., but not all states foster creativity and advancement at the same pace. While some states lead the way with cutting-edge research, thriving startup ecosystems, and strong investments in technology, others lag due to limited funding, workforce shortages, or outdated policies.
Read More
Amazon (AMZN) CEO Andy Jassy said the company needs to operate like the “world’s largest startup” on Thursdayin his annual letter to shareholders— which means continuing to invest in AI, cutting bureaucracy, and expanding into different realms.
Read More
The sweeping tariffs imposed by the Trump administration — including a 104% duty on Chinese imports — have one analyst calling the move an “Armageddon scenario” for the U.S. technology sector.
Read More
For the latest news,Facebook,TwitterandInstagram.
President Trump’s tariff exemptions on some electronics are the latest twist in U.S. trade policy and could benefit companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Dell, Samsung and others that manufacture some products abroad.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) -India and China have held one round of talks on resuming direct passenger air services, but no dates have been fixed yet, New Delhi said on Monday, as relations continued to thaw five years after a deadly border clash.  The neighbours agreed in January to work on resolving trade and economic differences, in a move expected to boost their aviation sectors, particularly China's which has lagged other countries' in rebounding from the COVID pandemic.  "The civil aviation ministry and our counterpart in China have had one round of meetings," Civil Aviation Secretary Vumlunmang Vualnam said at a conference organised by the Indian Chamber of Commerce in New Delhi.
The U.S. administration's latest update on tariffs is a big relief for Apple, JPMorgan analysts write in a note. The Trump administration announced a temporary exemption for some tech products from the so-called reciprocal tariffs.
The idea of "American exceptionalism" in the global economy and financial markets has rapidly lost favor this year, but others are sticking with the US.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.