Title: OpenAI in talks to buy Windsurf for about $3 Billion
Date: 2025-04-16 18:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/openai-talks-buy-windsurf-3-180624723.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) — OpenAI (OPAI.PVT) is in talks to acquire Windsurf, an artificial intelligence-assisted coding tool formerly known as Codeium, for about $3 billion, according to a person familiar with the matter. The deal would be OpenAI’s largest acquisition to date, and could help the company take on rising competition in the market for AI-driven coding assistants — systems capable of tasks like writing code based on natural language prompting. The terms of the deal haven’t been finalized and talks could still change or fall apart, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private. OpenAI and Windsurf declined to comment. Windsurf, formally called Exafunction Inc., had recently been in talks with investors including Kleiner Perkins and General Catalyst to raise funding at a $3 billion valuation. The company was valued at $1.25 billion in a deal led by General Catalyst last year. Founded in 2021, Windsurf has raised more than $200 million in venture capital funding, according to PitchBook data. Other investors include Greenoaks Capital Partners and AIX Ventures. If the deal closes, OpenAI would compete more directly with companies like Anthropic, Microsoft Corp.-owned Github and Anysphere, which offer services in the fast-growing field of AI coding. The deal would also be a signal that, as more companies pile into the sector, the number of mergers and acquisitions will rise. OpenAI has acquired other startups before, including vector database company Rockset, and Multi, a remote collaboration platform. Investors have recently been enthusiastically backing AI coding tools including Anysphere, the startup behind Cursor, which was in talks with investors to raise money at a valuation of almost $10 billion earlier this year. OpenAI last month closed a $40 billion financing led by SoftBank Group Corp., which values the developer of ChatGPT at $300 billion. ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. (Reuters) -Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell suggested on Wednesday that hopes the central bank will step in to tamp down on market volatility are likely misplaced.  Asked if the Fed would intervene to counter sharp declines in the stock market, Powell said "I'm going to say no, with an explanation."  "What I think is going on in markets is markets are processing what's going on, markets are struggling with a lot of uncertainty and that means volatility," Powell said in an appearance in Chicago. Ford Motor may raise prices on its new vehicles if U.S. President Donald Trump's auto tariffs continue, according to a memo sent to dealers on Wednesday that was reviewed by Reuters.  The Dearborn, Michigan, automaker offered deep discounts across its lineup starting earlier this month through June 2.  The program will continue, but pricing on new models produced in May and beyond may change, the memo said. (Bloomberg) -- Oil rose on the prospect of a de-escalation in the trade war between the world’s two largest economies and a stall in nuclear talks between the US and Iran. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsWest Texas Intermediate futures added 1.9% to settle near $62.50 a barrel, the third gain in We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s […] President Donald Trump’s tariffs, which are expected to slow economic growth, could cause companies to reduce their technology budgets in the face of uncertain demand and profits.  Already, chief information officers surveyed by Morgan Stanley software analyst Keith Weiss have indicated they expect to grow their budgets by just over 3% this year on average, down from an expectation of just over 4% before Trump’s tariff announcements. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg hoped to avoid a high-stakes antitrust trial playing out this week in Washington, D.C., but he wasn't willing to pay what US antitrust cops wanted. Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell on Wednesday reiterated the long-held view of Fed chairs going back decades that growth in the U.S. federal debt needs to be reined in, but he suggested that politicians are going about it the wrong way.  "We're running very large deficits at full employment, and this is a situation that we very much need to address" Powell said at an event at the Economic Club of Chicago.  "All of this domestic discretionary spending, which is essentially where 100% of the conversation is, is small as a percentage of federal spending and is declining ... When people are focusing on cutting domestic spending, they're not actually working on the problem." Demand for international flights and premium seats is powering growth for United Airlines. (Bloomberg) -- United Airlines Holdings Inc. reassured investors worried about wobbly demand with a vow to make money even during a recession.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe company plans to control costs and keep its planes full, dialing back flying plans as needed to keep profits coming in Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
