Title: Microsoft raises prices of Xbox consoles, accessories, games worldwide
Date: 2025-05-02 15:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-raises-prices-xbox-consoles-154528544.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Microsoft (MSFT) said that, as of May 1, it has adjusted recommended retailer pricing for its Xbox consoles and controllers worldwide. “We also expect to adjust the pricing of some of our new, first-party games starting this holiday season to $79.99,” the company said. “Those titles purchased on the Xbox Store have the benefit of Xbox Play Anywhere, allowing players to buy once and play on console and PC at no additional cost. We understand that these changes are challenging, and they were made with careful consideration given market conditions and the rising cost of development. Looking ahead, we continue to focus on offering more ways to play more games across any screen and ensuring value for Xbox players.” Of note, Xbox Series S 512 GB consoles will go to $379.99 from $299.99; Series S 1TB will go to $429.99 from $349.99; Xbox Series X Digital will go to $549.99 from $449.99; Series X with disc drive to $599.99 from $499.99; and Series X 2TB Galaxy Special Edition to $729.99 from $599.99.
Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals in  TipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter.
Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,  delivered straight to your inbox.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >>
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Microsoft price target raised to $520 from $511 at Bernstein
Microsoft’s Strong Performance and Growth Potential: A Buy Rating Analysis
Microsoft’s (MSFT) Strong Results Trigger a Flood of Price Target Upgrades
Crypto and AI Are Converging — And Nvidia Stock (NVDA) Could Be the Biggest Winner
Microsoft’s Xbox Consoles and Games Are Getting More Expensive
XRX's first-quarter 2025 revenues decrease year over year.
The stock market rallied for the week, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq clearing key levels, led by Microsoft and Meta as well as Trump tariff hopes.
Moët Hennessy executives have reportedly told employees of LVMH's wine-and-spirits division that it plans to cut staff to 2019 levels.
Speaking at the Beer and Cider Strategies Conference in Czechia this week, Donnelly said "there's a lack of awareness that others are moderating, which impacts social acceptance."
Microsoft stock soared on Thursday after the tech giant’s quarterly results handily beat Wall Street estimates.
Nvidia  shares were up 2.7% at $114.57 in early trading.  Amazon gave a reassuring look at trends of spending on artificial-intelligence infrastructure as its first-quarter capital expenditure came to $24.3 billion, up from $13.9 billion in the same period the previous year, in its earnings report on Thursday.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio