Title: Dollar’s Losing Run Shows Wall Street Angst With Tariff U-Turns
Date: 2025-04-14 15:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dollar-finds-support-now-trump-210918190.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Worries over global trade dragged the dollar to a six-month low on Monday, with traders in foreign exchange, options and futures markets positioning for more weakness ahead.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index extended declines for a fifth day, falling as much as 0.5% before paring losses. While Treasuries and stocks rallied on news that President Donald Trump will delay levies on some popular consumer electronics, sentiment on the dollar was undermined by his warnings that the exemption will prove temporary.
Protracted selloffs in the greenback and Treasuries — typically seen as havens in turbulent times — have exacerbated concerns that investors are lightening up on US assets in the face of fundamental trade policy shifts and broader political uncertainty.
Listen to the Here’s Why podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen.
Weakness in the dollar and Treasuries is a “horrible, toxic combination,” said Jordan Rochester, head of macro strategy for EMEA at Mizuho International Plc., in an interview on Bloomberg Television.
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was down 0.1% as of 10:15am ET on Monday. The gauge has fallen about 5.9% so far this year, on track for its biggest annual loss since 2017.
Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.
Positioning in the options market suggested traders were hedging against further declines. An index measuring three-month risk reversals — or the spread between call and put options — on the dollar against its major peers has dropped to a five-year low.
That’s an indication of greater demand for put options that would benefit from a weaker dollar than for call options that would gain from a stronger one.
The S&P 500 index gained more than 1% on Monday. The yield on 10-year Treasuries fell 9 basis points to 4.40%. It has risen by more than 28 basis points this month through April 11, however.
Lasting damage?
The discussion that has dominated Wall Street for much of the past week has centered on whether Trump’s actions, even if they are eventually reversed, have inflicted lasting damage to the idea that the US dollar and Treasuries are the ultimate risk-free assets.
“We are talking about a regime change in the way the market views the dollar, particularly during times of global financial stress,” Steve Barrow, a strategist at Standard Bank, wrote in a note to clients on Monday. “We’d note that the other key component of the US’s safe-asset allure – the Treasury market – has not been particularly safe.”
That view was echoed by Derek Halpenny, head of global markets research at MUFG Bank, who focused on weekend remarks from Trump and Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, who both stressed a longstanding plan to apply a different, specific levy to the technology sector.
“It is difficult to see any fundamental factor that will likely improve investor sentiment,” Halpenny wrote in a report. “Key levels were broken last week for the dollar.”
One-week risk reversals on the Bloomberg dollar index moved toward parity for the first time in five days, a sign that traders are becoming less bearish on the greenback. Still, the gauge has remained in negative territory for a third straight day, with bearish sentiment toward the US currency at levels unseen since the pandemic.
“Trump’s actions have persistently damaged the ‘US brand’,” wrote Dana Malas, a strategist at Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB. “This means that dollar assets, both inside and outside the US, should continue to carry higher risk premiums.”
Almost 80% of respondents to a Bloomberg survey predicted the dollar would weaken further over the next month, the biggest proportion of bears since the surveys began in 2022.
Strategists at the biggest Wall Street banks also see the potential for further weakness.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. analysts suggested investors remain bearish the dollar, especially against the yen and euro, as there’s still a chance of a US recession. Mizuho Bank Ltd. anticipates the US currency may fall another 5% on a trade-weighted basis before rebounding, based on what happened in 2017-18 and the pandemic.
“The design and implementation of these tariffs should have a negative impact on the currency because they have contributed to eroding consumer and business confidence,” Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analysts including Kamakshya Trivedi wrote in a note.
“If tariffs weigh on US firms’ profit margins and US consumers’ real incomes, like we think they will, they can erode that exceptionalism and, in turn, crack the central pillar of the strong dollar,” they said.
--With assistance from Michael G. Wilson, Anya Andrianova and George Lei.
(Updates prices throughout and adds paragraph on one-week dollar risk reversals)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Goldman Sachs is the latest big bank to report that increased trading fueled its quarterly profit.
Goldman expects prices to rebound to $2,300 per metric ton (/t) by December 2025, compared to its earlier forecast of $2,650/t.  London Metals Exchange (LME) aluminium was trading at around $2,392/t as of 1300 GMT on Monday.  U.S. President Donald Trump has imposed or floated plans for a series of global tariffs since his return to office, including 25% tariffs on steel, aluminium and auto parts alongside major tariffs on Mexico, Canada and China.
BOSTON/LONDON (Reuters) -U.S. shares edged slightly higher on Monday, while the dollar and oil prices dipped, after the White House exempted smartphones and computers from U.S. tariffs but President Donald Trump said that levies were still likely.  The Nasdaq Composite added about 0.3%, boosted by technology shares including  Apple, whose stock gained around 2.3%.  The S&P 500 rallied 5.7% last week, but was still more than 5% below where it was before what Trump calls "reciprocal" tariffs were first announced in early April.
Investment flows into Chinese physically backed gold exchange-traded funds so far this month have exceeded those for the whole of the first quarter and overtaken inflows registered by U.S.-listed funds, World Gold Council data showed.  Gold ETFs in China increased by 29.1 metric tons in the first eleven days of April, John Reade, senior market strategist at the WGC, said on social media on Monday.  "If the first quarter of this year was dominated by the U.S. tariff-related gold flows and Western ETF buying, the second quarter may have a very different theme, that of a surge in investor interest in gold from China," he said.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil slipped as the prospect of looser restrictions on Iranian crude undercut the benefit of the US’s temporary reprieve on some tariffs. Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageWest Texas Intermediate slid below $61 a barrel, and Brent dipped to near $64. While
(Bloomberg) -- Intel Corp. has agreed to sell a 51% stake in its programmable chips unit Altera to Silver Lake Management, making good on plans to start spinning off non-core assets.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThe transaction values Altera at $8.75 billion, accordi
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries reduced its oil-demand outlook for this year and next, citing the impact of U.S. tariffs.
Gold opened at $3,246 Monday, up from Friday's closing price of $3,222.20. The futures price of the precious metal hit a new high on Friday amid uncertainty about U.S. tariffs and a looming trade war with China.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.