Title: From $0 To $114K In 5 Years: 34-Year-Old Investor Says 'I Buy As Much As I Can Every Month' – Aims To Live Off Dividends, Shares Top 3 Picks
Date: 2025-04-14 16:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/0-114k-5-years-34-163149301.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dividendinvesting has long been a favored strategy for those seeking passive income and long-termwealthgrowth.
Unlike depending solely on capital appreciation, dividend-paying stocks and funds provide regular cash payouts, allowing investors to compound their returns by reinvesting dividends or using them to cover expenses. Many investors are drawn to dividends because they offer a tangible return, namely getting paid simply for holding shares.
Don't Miss:
Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing —this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share.
Deloitte's fastest-growing software company partners with Amazon, Walmart & Target –Many are rushing to grab 4,000 of its pre-IPO shares for just $0.26/share!
A disciplined strategy that entails buying consistently, reinvesting dividends, often through dividend reinvestment plans, and holding for the long term can turn even modest monthly contributions into a notable income stream over time. This strategy, often called the “snowball effect,” leverages compounding to boost portfolio growth.
One investor who has adopted this method is a 34-year-old Reddit user who has grown his portfolio to $114,000 in just five years by investing as much as he could through a dividend reinvestment plan. In turn, his portfolio is now generating $700 to $800 in monthly dividends. His goal is to eventually live off his dividend income while continuing to grow his investments.
Trending: If there was a new fund backed by Jeff Bezos offering a7-9% target yield with monthly dividends would you invest in it?
The investor keeps this portfolio in a taxable brokerage account for flexibility, allowing him to access the dividends if needed, although he mentioned that wasn't the case so far.
“I’m planning on retiring in 15 years. My next goal is $1,000 a month. I'm in the process of growing a business and it would be nice to be able to pay a couple of bills with my dividends if I ever need to (hasn't happened yet). I'm much more likely to save and reinvest every month because I get paid every month, how fun is that? It doesn't have to be the most optimal but it's definitely great motivation to keep the snowball rolling,” he wrote on Reddit.
The investor's portfolio consists of three key ETFs, each offering a different mix of income and growth. Let’s take a closer look at each below.
Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF
Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (NYSE:SCHD) is a passively managed ETF that tracks the Dow Jones U.S. Dividend 100 Index. It focuses on high-quality U.S. companies with strong dividend histories and solid fundamentals like consistent cash flow and strong balance sheets. SCHD is loved by investors because it has a long-term performance, a low expense ratio, and a long, solid history. The ETF generates approximately 4.22% in dividend yield per year.
See Also: It’s no wonder Jeff Bezos holds over $250 million in art —this alternative asset has outpaced the S&P 500 since 1995, delivering an average annual return of 11.4%. Here’s how everyday investors are getting started.
JPMorgan Equity Premium Income ETF
JPMorgan Equity Premium Income ETF (NYSE:JEPI) combines equity investing with an options overlay strategy. It holds U.S. large-cap stocks and writes covered calls to generate extra income. This creates a high-yielding, lower-volatility product while also maintaining some exposure to stock appreciation. It's ideal for investors seeking above-average yields with lower volatility than pure equity funds. JEPI pays investors around 8.14% in dividends per year.
JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF
JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF (NASDAQ:JEPQ)​ is similar to JEPI but focused on Nasdaq-100 stocks. The ETF combines growth tech exposure with income generation through options strategies, making it riskier due to its tech concentration and shorter track record. JEPQ also uses covered calls for income, making it a high-yield ETF with exposure to growth sectors. Investors get paid around 11.94% in annual dividends.
Read Next:
Can you guess how many retire with a $5,000,000 nest egg?The percentage may shock you.
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones.You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report
TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
This articleFrom $0 To $114K In 5 Years: 34-Year-Old Investor Says 'I Buy As Much As I Can Every Month' – Aims To Live Off Dividends, Shares Top 3 Picksoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
President Donald Trump's tariff-raising campaign has highlighted the extreme volatility in the bond market.  When he initially announced the extremely high tariff rates on imports from most countries, many economists cut their estimates for U.S. gross domestic product growth.  Similarly, traders ratcheted up their bets that the Federal Reserve would cut interest rates based on the premise that tariffs would slow the U.S. economy and threaten to push it into a recession.
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining the […]
Does JPM stock deserve a place in your investment portfolio after posting an upbeat Q1 performance? Let's find out.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.