Title: Jamie Dimon argues JPMorgan can help fix the bond chaos if regulators get on board — ‘It’s not relief to the banks, it’s relief to the markets’
Date: 2025-04-12 12:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jamie-dimon-argues-jpmorgan-help-124100704.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Federal Reserve can’t allow the Treasury market to seize uplike it did in 2008, one reason JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon claims bank capital requirements need to be fixed. These regulations are in place to prevent a repeat of the Global Financial Crisis, but Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, Fed Chair Jerome Powell, and many economists agree certain adjustments would allow banks and broker-dealers to step in during times of market stress.
A bond marketsell-offhas made investors question thesafe-haven statusof U.S. debt and fear anothercredit crunch—when liquidity dries up and economic activity grinds to a halt.JPMorgan ChaseCEO Jamie Dimon said the world’s biggest lenders can help, but only ifregulationsdeveloped to prevent a repeat of the Global Financial Crisis are scaled back.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, Federal Chair Jerome Powell, and many economists agree that certain changes could help banks and broker-dealers hold more Treasuries in times of market stress. Dimon went further, however, calling for sweeping reform ofcapital requirements, which the industry has long argued are onerous and stunt consumer lending. The current framework, he said, contains deep flaws.
“And remember, it’s not relief to the banks,” Dimon said during JPMorgan’s first-quarterearnings callFriday. “It’s relief to the markets.”
Capital requirements aim to ensure banks, especially those deemed “too big to fail,” can survive if they sustain heavy losses. JPMorgan was one of only a few major lenders that didn’t need a controversialgovernment bailoutin 2008—but Dimon took the money anyway at the insistence of then-Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson.
The Treasury market helps the global economy go-round, and Wall Street is watching closely for signs the Fed may be forced to intervene. Many suspectbond marketturmoil is what truly forced President Donald Trump to announce a 90-day pause on his sweeping “reciprocal tariffs,” but the fixed-income selling spree is not over. Aconfounding spikein yields, which rise as bond prices fall, has persisted as investors sour on Treasuries, long considered some of the world’s safest assets.
The Trump administration has been clear it wants to see a lower yield on the 10-year Treasury, the benchmark for interest rates on mortgages, car loans, and other common types of borrowing throughout the economy. It spiked as high as 4.59% on Friday, however, up over 30 basis points from Wednesday’s low and more than 70 points from where it began its climb on Monday.
“The textbook would be saying that when the stock market is going down, long-term interest rates should also be going down,” Torsten Sløk, chief economist at private equity giant Apollo, wrote in anoteFriday. “But this is not what is happening at the moment.”
One of the culprits for this “murder mystery,” as Sløk toldFortuneearlier this week, could be the so-called “basis trade,” when hedge funds borrow heavily to take advantage of tiny price discrepancies between Treasuries and futures linked to those bonds. In normal times, they profit handsomely, and, in turn, help keep money markets humming.
During periods ofextreme volatility, however, hedge funds can be forced tounwindthe $800 billion trade, which spells trouble if the market struggles to absorb a massive increase in the supply of Treasuries. Foreign selling could exacerbate the problem, and that appeared to beat playon Thursday and Friday as the dollar fell.
Big banks and broker-dealers can’t step in, however, because of restrictions like the supplementary leverageratio. As the name implies, this measure curbs the amount of borrowed funds lenders can use to make investments.
“These limitations have, of course, become more tight after the financial crisis in 2008,” Sløk said, “and that’s why the Wall Street banks are working less as shock absorbers in the current environment.”
U.S. debt is the dominant form of collateral in so-called repo markets, a crucial part of the financial system that allows banks and companies to meet their commitments with short-term loans. In short, the Fed doesn’t want the Treasury market to seize up like it did in 2008, which is why Dimon and other critics of current capital requirements say these regulations need to be fixed.
“When you have a lot of volatile markets and very wide spreads and low liquidity in Treasuries,” Dimon said, “it affects all other capital markets. That's the reason to do it, not as a favor to the banks themselves.”
Such changes would not be without precedent. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the FedexemptedTreasuries and bank reserves from the calculation of the supplementary leverage ratio, allowing banks to snap up more U.S. debt.
Bessent hasindicatedhe wants to make that change permanent as part of a broader deregulatory push. Even though the Fed recently lost abitter fightwith big banks, particularly JPMorgan, over bumping up capital requirements, Powell hassaidhe agrees. Several academics are also in favor of a slight adjustment, which they say can be made without undermining the foundations of the Dodd-Frank reforms instituted after the financial crisis.
Regardless, the Fed still had to buy $1.6 trillion of Treasuries to stabilize money markets at the onset of the pandemic. Dimon said the central bank will again be forced to take similar action eventually.
“There will be a kerfuffle in the Treasury markets because of all the rules and regulations,” he said.
Dimon was not just referring to small changes in the supplementary leverage ratio, however. Fixing several different types of capital requirements, he said, could free up “hundreds of billions of dollars” for JPMorgan to lend across the banking system.
Banks have beenvery successfulat pushing back on the Fed’s efforts to fully implementBasel III, a set of international standards developed after the 2008 crash to prevent the collapse of so-called “globally systemic banks.” After huge blowback from the industry, the Fed scrapped a proposal last year that would have raised capital requirements by 19%. The central bank’s top regulator later stepped down, allowing Trump to appoint Michelle Bowman, who voted against the more stringent regulations, to the role.
On Friday’s earnings call, Dimon, who has been credited with convincing Trump to scale back his tariffs, was asked whether he thought there was a better chance of bank-friendly reforms with the current administration than under Biden.
“I think there’s a deep recognition of the flaws in the system,” he said, “and fortunately, they’re going to take a good look at it.”
This story was originally featured onFortune.com
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.