Title: US Dollar Weakness Returns as Trade War Fears Hurt US Assets
Date: 2025-04-16 08:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-dollar-weakness-returns-trade-075906710.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- A gauge of the dollar resumed declines following a short-lived reprieve as concerns over an expanding trade war dented demand for US assets. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs The greenback hit a fresh six-month low, falling against every Group-of-10 currency, as new restrictions by the Trump administration on Nvidia Corp.’s chip exports to China added to the risk-off sentiment. It slightly pared losses after China said it wants to see a number of steps from the US administration before it agrees to trade talks. “All this uncertainty and talk of more tariffs is fueling the idea of de-risking from US assets — sell the dollar,” said Rodrigo Catril, senior foreign-exchange strategist at National Australia Bank Ltd. in Sydney. “Euro and Swiss franc are prime candidates of that flow, even as the trade war escalates and global growth deteriorates.” Haven currencies including the Swiss franc and yen rallied earlier alongside the euro while demand for long-volatility exposure surged. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index slid as much as 0.6% on Wednesday after rising for the first time in six days on Tuesday. The greenback gauge has slumped more than 3% so far in April, on track for its steepest monthly decline since late 2022, amid deepening concerns about a trade war-driven US recession and the dollar’s appeal as a safe haven. “We see the era of strong dollar as having peaked,” Jefferies International chief economist and strategist Mohit Kumar wrote in a note to clients. “US dollar weakness is likely to continue. Our favorite version of a weaker dollar has been long gold as central banks seek to diversify out of US dollar in alternatives.” In another sign of weakening confidence in traditional safe-haven US assets, Treasuries suffered their worst selloff in more than two decades last week due to worries that foreign holders such as China were reducing ownership. Fund managers are the most bearish on the dollar since 2006, according to a Bank of America survey. That sentiment is now spilling into options markets, where traders are paying a premium — for the first time in five years — to hedge against a weaker greenback over the next 12 months. What Bloomberg strategists say... “The US’s tariff policy, capital outflow, and the assault on the dollar as a politically meddle-free global financial instrument are keeping pressure on the US currency. In this environment, other currencies, such as sterling, are likely to remain overall supported, with weak domestic fundamentals only providing fleeting headwinds, until the dollar looks cheap enough again to attract buyers despite its new risks.” —Simon White, Macro Strategist, London One-week risk reversals, a gauge of sentiment, show the same trend as they hover near record bearish levels, while volatility gauges indicate traders aren’t counting on calm anytime soon. Some are positioning for a slow grind lower using leveraged options structures. --With assistance from Masaki Kondo and Alice Gledhill. (Updates throughout with latest moves, comment and options context.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. A 40-year mortgage comes with lower monthly payments, but higher interest costs. We recently published a list of Tech Firms Dominate Monday’s 10 Worst Performers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nebius Group NV (NASDAQ:NBIS) stands against other tech firms that dominate Monday’s worst performers. Wall Street’s main indices kicked off the trading week in the green territory, albeit with minimal […] The U.S. bond market could come under further pressure, according to a research note published by JPMorgan. These 10 stocks performed the best over the past 10 years. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise... A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking. Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation. Fifth Third Bank offers various types of mortgages. It has mortgage rate discounts, cash back on home equity products, and more. Lock in your rate today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
