Title: Is Bank of America (BAC) A Cheap NYSE Stock to Invest in According to Hedge Funds?
Date: 2025-04-11 20:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bank-america-bac-cheap-nyse-204326320.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of the 11 Cheap NYSE Stocks to Invest in According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other cheap NYSE stocks. On March 26, Jack Caffrey of JPMorgan Asset Management provided an analysis of market trends in a discussion on CNBC’s ‘Squawk Box’. He emphasized diversified portfolios built around different exposures during periods of volatility. Caffrey believes in the importance of ‘time in the market’ over ‘timing the market’. He highlighted the difficulty in predicting when fear or euphoria will dominate, as some of the best market days follow extreme pessimism. Caffrey also discussed the October sell-offs in 2022 and 2023, where many strategists expected further market tests at levels like 3200 or 3300 on the S&P 500. However, instead of panic selling, the market experienced rebounds in 2023 and 2024. He observed that implied volatility reached the high 20s during recent corrections, but did not indicate widespread panic. Caffrey also discussed how the MAG7 drives market trends. While these stocks led growth in early 2020, their momentum eventually faded. This led to corrections instead of broadening. Investors began exploring second and third derivative trades stemming from AI developments, such as increased electricity demand and improvements in natural gas markets. He noted that mean reversion often occurs when primary trades become well-understood and widely owned. He suggested that markets would likely be led by earnings rather than valuation. Caffrey acknowledged that while some stocks within the MAG7 have posted earnings growth that makes their valuations more reasonable, traders are increasingly seeking opportunities in overlooked sectors like energy and businesses benefiting from a weaker dollar. For instance, oil prices have remained down despite energy leading the market performance this year. Stimulus measures in Europe are also shifting from monetary to fiscal policies, which creates additional opportunities for investors. We sifted through the Finviz stock screener to compile a list of the top NYSE-listed stocks. We then selected the 11 stocks with a forward P/E ratio under 15, as of April 8, that were also the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 900 elite money managers. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A professional banker providing consultation to a customer in the security of his office. Forward P/E Ratio as of April 8: 9.62 Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 113 Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) offers financial products and services for individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses, institutional investors, large corporations, and governments. It operates through four segments: Consumer Banking, Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM), Global Banking, and Global Markets. In 2024, the company’s Consumer Banking division made $11 billion in revenue, which contributed 40% to the total earnings. With the addition of over 200,000 net new checking accounts, the division marked 6 years of growth. The company’s digital engagement was also strong, with over 14 billion logins and digital sales higher than 60% in Q4. The company’s AI-powered Erica platform surpassed 2.5 billion interactions in this quarter. It’s investing in digital capabilities and maintaining disciplined deposit pricing for continued growth. On March 7, David George of Baird upgraded the company’s rating from Neutral to Outperform, while raising its price target from $45 to $50. As of now, Bank of America Corp. (NYSE:BAC) has a client base of 68 million, operates 3,900 branches, and 16,000 ATMs, and serves 56 million digital users. Hardman Johnston Global Equity Strategy stated the following regarding Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) in its Q4 2024 investor letter: “Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) is the second largest bank in the developed world and operates the third largest branch network in the US. With 86% of revenues coming from the US, the bank is a clear beneficiary of the lower regulatory environment expected from the incoming administration. The company’s business is highly diversified across retail, commercial, wealth management, and investment banking, with significant scale across all verticals. Management believes there is a big opportunity going forward in growing and monetizing its mass retail client base. Wealth is another huge opportunity, with the Merrill Lynch platform enabling customers to make more transactions and purchase additional products. Lastly, Bank of America has an opportunity to increase efficiency through cost reduction and online banking. Our expectation is for the bank’s ROE to move significantly higher, driving EPS growth and higher multiples.” Overall, BAC ranks 3rd on our list of cheap NYSE stocks to invest in according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the growth potential of BAC, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than BAC but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. Does JPM stock deserve a place in your investment portfolio after posting an upbeat Q1 performance? Let's find out. We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Uber Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:UBER) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been […] How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend. Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
