Title: AI Adoption by BofA's Global Workforce Improves Productivity, Client Service
Date: 2025-04-08 13:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ai-adoption-bofas-global-workforce-133500377.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. More than 90% of employees use AI-driven virtual assistant for increased efficiency CHARLOTTE, N.C. and LONDON and HONG KONG, April 8, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America uses innovative technology to meet and anticipate the needs of its clients and 213,000 employees. For many years, this commitment has carried through in its approach to AI and machine learning. The technology is embedded today across the company's business lines and areas including global technology, operations, and training. "AI is having a transformative effect on employee efficiency and operational excellence," said Aditya Bhasin, Chief Technology & Information Officer at Bank of America. "Our use of AI at scale and around the world enables us to further enhance our capabilities, improve employee productivity and client service, and drive business growth."   Seven years ago, in 2018, Bank of America launched Erica®, the first widely adopted AI-driven virtual financial assistant, within its mobile app. Since then, clients have interacted with Erica more than 2.5 billion times, with 20 million clients now actively using the virtual assistant. Bank of America's approach to AI includes human oversight, transparency, and accountability for all outcomes. In addition to recently shared examples of how AI benefits clients and employees, our employees' use of AI continues to expand in areas such as: Erica for Employees – Building upon Erica's success, in 2020, Bank of America launched Erica for Employees, an AI-driven internal virtual assistant which was rapidly adopted during the pandemic by employees seeking technology support in areas such as mobile device password reset, device activation, and many others. In 2023, the functionality was expanded to assist with additional topics such as where to review health benefits, locate payroll and tax forms, and more.Today, over 90% of employees use Erica for Employees, with the virtual assistant having reduced calls into the IT service desk by more than 50%. The capabilities will expand this year to offer enhanced search and assistance across a broader set of topics – including answers to employee questions about Bank of America products and services – with plans to leverage both AI and generative AI (GenAI). ask MERRILL® and ask Private Banking® – Leveraging the technology behind Erica, these tools help Merrill and Bank of America Private Bank teams efficiently curate information to deliver superior client experiences. When needed, the chat functionality can also connect teams with experts at the bank for help with more complex requests. In 2024, there were more than 23 million interactions with ask MERRILL and ask Private Banking, an increase of 1 million over 2023, helping employees more proactively connect with clients about timely and relevant opportunities. Capturing client feedback – This internally-developed GenAI capability is used by Bank of America call centers to summarize call recordings, which helps increase efficiency and ensure the company remains in tune with clients' needs and improves their experiences. Previously, teammates would manually generate these summaries. Future enhancements this year will extend to other communication channels. The Academy – Bank of America's onboarding, education, and professional development organization uses AI to provide interactive coaching through conversation simulators that enable teammates to practice different types of client interactions and increase proficiency through real-time feedback. Employees completed over 1 million simulations last year, with many noting that practicing client conversations helps them deliver better and more consistent service. Additional AI deployments underway helping to increase employee productivity and improve client service include: Coding assistance – Bank of America software developers are using a GenAI-based tool to assist with code writing and optimization, through which they have experienced efficiency gains of over 20%. Preparing for client meetings – Developing materials in preparation for meetings with current and prospective business clients can take several hours per meeting. AI helps automate and standardize the creation of drafts of materials for meetings with Bank of America Business Banking and Global Commercial Banking clients, with the opportunity for employees to reallocate tens of thousands of hours per year to client engagement and growth. Contact center optimization – A modernized desktop tool leveraging AI proactively provides guided assistance to customer service specialists in Bank of America contact centers, enabling them to deliver a more personalized client experience, increase client satisfaction, and reduce call handling times. Research summaries – An internally-developed GenAI platform enables the Global Markets sales and trading team to search, summarize, and synthesize our industry-leading research and market commentary more quickly and efficiently. AI Patent PortfolioBank of America holds nearly 7,400 granted patents and pending patent applications, the most U.S. granted patents of any financial services company. More than 1,200 of these patents are AI and machine learning focused – representing 17% of the patent portfolio – and more than half have already been granted. Other technology categories in which new patents were granted last year include information security, online and mobile banking, payments, data analytics, and augmented and virtual reality. This is thanks to the company's more than 7,800 talented inventors in 14 countries and 42 U.S. states, and a culture that empowers teammates to explore and develop innovative solutions for individuals and businesses globally. Bank of America spends $13 billion annually on technology, of which approximately $4 billion will be directed to new technology initiatives in 2025. Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving approximately 69 million consumer and small business clients with 3,700 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs (automated teller machines) and award-winning digital banking with approximately 58 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 4 million small business households through a suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BAC). Reporters May Contact:Matt Card, Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.202.579.6879matthew.card@bofa.com Catherine Page, Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.704.519.7314catherine.page@bofa.com View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ai-adoption-by-bofas-global-workforce-improves-productivity-client-service-302423333.html SOURCE Bank of America Corporation Bank of America (BAC) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations. The company will face direct competition in the HR-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer market. American Express (NYSE: AXP) shareholders are finding their wallets a bit lighter at the start of the year, as the stock has declined approximately 29% from its 52-week high.  Despite the credit services giant posting record financial results for 2024, concerns about the strength of the U.S. economy are weighing on the company's outlook.  Let's explore where shares of American Express might be headed in one year. When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
