Title: Judge orders Bank of America to pay $540 million in FDIC lawsuit
Date: 2025-04-14 22:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/judge-orders-bank-america-pay-220900153.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. By Jonathan Stempel (Reuters) - A federal judge ordered Bank of America to pay $540.3 million in a long-running Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation lawsuit accusing the second-largest U.S. bank of underpaying what it owed for deposit insurance. In a decision made public on Monday, U.S. District Judge Loren AliKhan in Washington, D.C., said the payment covers assessments from the second quarter of 2013 through the end of 2014, plus interest. The FDIC sued Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America for $1.12 billion in 2017, accusing it of reducing its deposit insurance contributions by failing to honor a 2011 rule that changed how banks report risk exposure to counterparties. That rule was one of many federal reforms designed to ensure the stability of the banking system, and avert a repeat of the 2008 global financial crisis. In a 59-page decision, AliKhan rejected Bank of America's claims that there was no reasonable basis for the rule, and that the FDIC acted arbitrarily and capriciously. AliKhan said the FDIC was not required to develop a "perfect measure" of predicting banks' potential exposure to losses, and Bank of America could claim it "lacked fair notice of what was required of it." She also said the FDIC waited too long to sue over claims predating the second quarter of 2013. Bank of America strongly denied any intent to evade payments. Bill Halldin, a Bank of America spokesperson, said in a statement: "We are pleased the judge has ruled and have reserves reflecting the decision." The FDIC declined to comment. AliKhan issued her decision on March 31, and released it in partially-redacted form. Bank of America is expected to report first-quarter results on Tuesday. The case is FDIC v Bank of America NA, U.S. District Court, District of Columbia, No. 17-00036. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Additional reporting by Pete Schroeder in Washington, D.C.; Editing by Leslie Adler and Aurora Ellis) South Korea announced on Tuesday an increase in its support package for the country's vital semiconductor industry to 33 trillion won ($23.25 billion), up about a quarter from a 26 trillion won package unveiled last year.  The measures come in response to calls on the government to expand support at a time of growing policy uncertainty under the current U.S. administration and rising competition from Chinese rivals, the government said in a statement.  South Korea's decision to pump more money into its key chips sector is designed to help companies cope with heavier costs as they compete globally, it said. Apple, Nvidia and other tech company stocks rebounded on Monday, after the Trump administration said tariffs affecting the electronics industry on products like smartphones are coming later. Hertz said the incident may have resulted in personal data being impacted.  The company said Cleo Communications, a vendor that provides file transfer services, experienced an incident where hackers exploited zero-day vulnerabilities within its platform in October and December.  The affected data could include customers' contact, credit card and driver's license information, Hertz said in a notification on its website, adding that a small number of those may have had their social security or passport information impacted as well. The firm lays out how the S&P 500 could break out above its current trading range between 5,000 and 5,500. American consumers are growing increasingly worried about the economy, according to a Fed survey released Monday. T. Rowe Price Investment Management, one of Autodesk's biggest investors, plans to vote for activist investor Starboard Value's director nominees in a boardroom challenge at the software-design company, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters.  T. Rowe Price Investment Management owned 1.08% of Autodesk's stock at the end of the fourth quarter of 2024 and ranked as its 14th biggest holder, according to LSEG data.  The source, who was not permitted to speak publicly about the decision, did not provide a reason for backing Starboard or why a decision had been made months before the vote in June and even before final proxy materials have been filed with regulators. Dimon had also offloaded some shares last year in his first such sale since taking over the top role in 2005.  JPMorgan, the largest U.S. lender, last week surpassed its first-quarter profit estimates on record equities trading and higher fees from debt underwriting and advising on mergers.  Dimon's 2024 pay package went up 8.3% to $39 million. British shoppers spent more last month even as worries about the global economy grew in the run-up to U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff increases, according to data published on Tuesday.  The British Retail Consortium said sales at its member stores - mostly large retail chains - rose by 1.1% year-on-year in March, matching February's increase.  The increase would have been bigger were it not for the Easter holiday falling in April this year unlike in 2024 when it was in March, boosting sales in that month, the BRC said. Here's why the Vanguard Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond ETF (NASDAQ: VCIT) could be the healthy middle ground that you are looking for.  What does the Vanguard Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond ETF do? Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) will release its first-quarter financial results before the opening bell on Tuesday, April 15. Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at 82 cents per share, up from 76 cents per share in the year-ago period. Bank of America projects quarterly revenue of $26.91 billion, compared to $25.82 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. On April 7, Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck upgraded Bank of America from Equal-Weight to O Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
