Title: Gold Breaks $3,300 as Expanding Trade War Bolsters Haven Demand
Date: 2025-04-16 16:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-climbs-record-expanding-trade-000033810.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Gold surged to a fresh high on haven demand as the dollar fell and tech stocks slumped after US President Donald Trump ordered a probe that could open up a new front in the global trade war. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs Bullion gained as much as 3.2% on Wednesday to climb above $3,300 an ounce for the first time, surpassing the previous record set on Monday. The dollar fell to a fresh six-month low as traders were whiplashed again by a slew of tariff headlines, with Trump launching an investigation into the need for levies on critical minerals. Gold briefly pared gains following a report that China is open to trade talks if the US names a point person to represent the country and shows respect by reining in disparaging remarks, according to a person familiar with the Chinese government’s thinking. The precious metal has climbed more than 26% this year and hit a series of record highs as the escalating trade war creates anxiety over a possible global recession and as investors struggle to take long-term positions due to the unpredictability of tariff announcements from Washington. “I’d love to have a pound for every time someone said it’s a record high in gold in the last few weeks,” Evy Hambro, thematic and sector investing global head at Blackrock Inc., said on Bloomberg Television. “The gold market is kind of thriving in this period of uncertainty, but the foundations are very tangible and real.” Leading banks remain optimistic about bullion’s prospects over the coming quarters as investors add to holdings in gold-backed exchange-traded funds and central banks continue to accumulate the metal. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is forecasting that prices will rally to $4,000 an ounce by mid-2026. In a Bank of America global fund manager survey this week, 42% of respondents expected gold to be the best performing asset class in 2025, up from 23% in March. Nearly half of respondents also thought “long gold” is currently the most crowded trade, knocking “long Magnificent Seven” — which refers to a group of high-performing and influential US companies — off the top position it has held for two years straight. The US administration also announced investigations this week into semiconductors and pharmaceutical imports, after placing sector-specific tariffs on steel and aluminum, automobiles and car parts. It also said it’s negotiating with dozens of other trading partners to lower trade barriers in exchange for relief on higher duties. “The power struggle between major countries will continue,” said Luchen Wang, a Shanghai-based analyst at Galaxy Futures Co. “Gold’s appeal as a safe-haven asset means it’s more likely to rise than fall in the near- to medium-term.” Traders are also betting there will be at least three Federal Reserve rate cuts this year. Monetary easing is generally positive for the precious metal. Gold was up 3.1% to $3,330.28 an ounce as of 12:32 p.m. in New York, after earlier hitting a record of $3,333.08. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell 0.6%. Silver and platinum advanced while palladium was little changed. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Gold prices pierced the $3,300 an ounce barrier to hit record highs as investors sought a refuge from the turbulence surrounding trade tensions between the United States and China.  Spot gold hit a record of $3,317.90 per ounce on Wednesday, resuming a rally based on U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff policies, robust central bank buying and prospects of interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve.  "Gold is re-calibrating to reflect the current state of world affairs ... If the price is telling us something, then it’s a distinct warning bell," said independent analyst Ross Norman. NEW YORK (Reuters) -Hedge fund Greenlight Capital gained 8.2% in the first three months of 2025, buoyed by a bet on gold that it said should pay off further as it expects Trump administration policies to continue roiling financial markets.  Greenlight founder David Einhorn told investors in a letter seen by Reuters that the firm handily outpaced the broader Standard & Poor's 500 index thanks mainly to investments in gold, which was the portfolio's biggest winner.  The firm owns gold bars and call options, the letter said, adding that gold advanced 19% during the quarter. WASHINGTON (Reuters) -World Bank President Ajay Banga urged developing countries on Wednesday to liberalize trade, saying many maintained higher tariffs than advanced economies and lowering them could offset the risk of reciprocal import taxes.  Banga told reporters that global uncertainty - triggered in recent months by U.S. tariffs and retaliatory measures announced by China and other countries - was contributing to a more cautious business and economic environment.  Banga gave no specific forecast. The spring housing season is off to a shaky start as tariff concerns rattle builder sentiment. Mizuho analyst John Roberts lowered the firm’s price target on Olin (OLN) to $23 from $28 and keeps a Neutral rating on the shares. The firm updated price targets in the chemicals, agriculture, and packaging sector to reflect the recent market multiple reductions, and only modestly reduce forward year estimates as Mizuho does not have a recession forecast. However, lower oil prices will reduce the gas-linked cost advantage for many of the basic chemical stocks, the analyst tells investors in a r These 10 stocks performed the best over the past 10 years. Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise... Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
