Title: Stocks Hit by Wild Volatility on US-China Threats: Markets Wrap
Date: 2025-04-08 21:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asian-traders-brace-swings-us-224236671.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Wild swings lashed Wall Street for a fourth straight session as back-and-forth trade threats between the US and China knocked down stocks, erasing an earlier rally that was the biggest since 2022. The S&P 500 fell 1.6%, leaving it on the brink of a bear market. Most Read from Bloomberg The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up Hopes for a quick end to extreme volatility were dashed after a White House official said the US is moving forward with tariffs on China as high as 104% while Premier Li Qiang said his country has ample policy tools to “fully offset” negative external shocks. Long-term Treasury yields soared after a lackluster US sale of notes highlighted cracks in the haven status of government debt. Tuesday’s slide extended the S&P 500’s drop since the president detailed worldwide levies last Wednesday to more than 12% and at one point pushed the gauge down 20% since its record close in February, though stocks bounced at that level. It was also another day of nearly unprecedented volume on US equity markets, with more than 23 billion shares changing hands. Subscribe to the Stock Movers Podcast on Apple, Spotify and other Podcast Platforms. “The volatility reflects the new situation in which no one knows what the rules of road are, or even what the desired destination is,” said Que Nguyen at Research Affiliates LLC. “Until investors reset expectations or those rules and goals are better understood, markets will continue these wild swings between hope and fear.” Across world markets, investors have been gripped by concerns that something may break in the financial plumbing amid the cross-asset volatility, spurring speculation the Federal Reserve may need to speed up rate cuts to prevent a recession even with inflation jitters running rampant. “The fundamental reason for the drawdown has been policy uncertainty - it’s functionally impossible to put in a bottom until that fundamental reason has been resolved, or at least until there is directional clarity on it,” said Scott Ladner at Horizon Investments. Trump spent the final hours before his sweeping tariffs were set for full implementation lining up talks with key US allies, but hopes for a last-minute agreement with China appeared distant. As foreign nations appeal to Washington for negotiations, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said there’s the potential for advantageous trade deals. Japan looks set to get priority in US tariff talks while Trump said prospects for a deal with South Korea were “looking good.” “Tariffs go into effect tomorrow, so that’s the kickoff point of negotiation,” said Andrea DiCenso, co-portfolio manager of the Alpha Strategies Team at Loomis, Sayles & Co. “We’re just going to be living through a barrage of headlines, every single day, all day: Who did the administration meet with? What was the outcome? And then we go back and forth, and back and forth.” As Trump’s trade war sent markets into a tailspin, Bank of America Corp. clients posted their fourth-biggest inflow into US equities on record last week: $8 billion. Institutional clients, retail traders and hedge funds were all net buyers, strategist Jill Carey Hall wrote in a Tuesday research note. Meantime, warnings from Wall Street strategists keep piling up on the dour outlook for stocks. BlackRock Inc. strategists Jean Boivin and Wei Li downgraded US equities on Monday to neutral from overweight on a three-month horizon, saying they expect “more pressure on risk assets in the near term given the major escalation in global trade tensions.” And a strategy team at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., including Peter Oppenheimer and Lilia Peytavin, said the equity selloff could well turn into a longer-lasting cyclical bear market as recession risks mount. Key Events This Week: Federal Reserve minutes, Wednesday Fed’s Tom Barkin speaks, Wednesday China PPI, CPI, Thursday US CPI, jobless claims, Thursday Fed’s Michelle Bowman’s nomination hearing in Senate for the position of vice chair for supervision, Thursday Fed’s Austan Goolsbee, Patrick Harker, Lorie Logan, Jeff Schmid speak, Thursday US PPI, University of Michigan consumer sentiment, Friday Major banks reporting earnings include JPMorgan Chase, Bank of New York Mellon, Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo, Friday Fed’s John Williams and Alberto Musalem speak, Friday Some of the main moves in markets: Stocks The S&P 500 fell 1.6% as of 4 p.m. New York time The Nasdaq 100 fell 2% The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.8% The MSCI World Index fell 0.3% Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell 0.2% The euro rose 0.4% to $1.0955 The British pound rose 0.4% to $1.2772 The Japanese yen rose 1% to 146.29 per dollar Cryptocurrencies Bitcoin fell 2.8% to $76,752.34 Ether fell 6.7% to $1,465.6 Bonds The yield on 10-year Treasuries advanced nine basis points to 4.27% Germany’s 10-year yield advanced two basis points to 2.63% Britain’s 10-year yield declined one basis point to 4.60% Commodities West Texas Intermediate crude fell 3.5% to $58.56 a barrel Spot gold was little changed This story was produced with the assistance of Bloomberg Automation. --With assistance from Phil Kuntz, Robert Brand, Anand Krishnamoorthy and Aya Wagatsuma. ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. The stock sell-off stemming from tariffs "feeds on itself," JPMorgan boss Jamie Dimon said, adding that he believed a recession looks likely. AMD downgraded, Dollar General upgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls Some of Wall Street's brightest minds have been sounding off about President Donald Trump's tariffs. A broad stock market rally stalled on Tuesday as markets lost hope for immediate reprieves from sweeping tariffs announced last week. Hong Kong leader John Lee said on Tuesday the city would sign more free trade pacts to diversify its risk amid a global trade war triggered by what he called "ruthless" U.S. tariffs that he said were disrupting the world economic and trade order.  "The U.S. no longer adheres to free trade, arbitrarily undermining the internationally established rules of world trade, and its ruthless behaviour damages global and multilateral trade," Lee, who was sanctioned by the U.S. in 2020 for his role in the rights crackdown in Hong Kong, told reporters. The initial phase will see the deployment of 3,000 of Nvidia’s GPUs by June 2025. Global stocks are in turmoil and bond yields are spiking after President Donald Trump's "Liberation Day" tariffs went into effect, with Chinese imports facing a 104% levy. Morgan Stanley (MS) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations. I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
