Title: Bank of America Shares Climb After Q1 Top Estimates With $6.99B Profit
Date: 2025-04-15 15:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bank-america-shares-climb-q1-155813476.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) shares rose 3% on Tuesday morning after posting stronger-than-expected first-quarter earnings, driven by higher revenue and a solid performance across its core businesses. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Sign with BAC. The lender reported adjusted earnings of $0.90 per share for the three months ended March 31, up from $0.83 a year earlier. That figure came in above the consensus forecast of $0.82 from analysts, with estimates ranging from $0.78 to $0.85. Revenue increased nearly 6% year over year to $27.51 billion, outpacing expectations of $26.99 billion. Net income for the quarter came in at $6.99 billion. The latest results come amid a tough macro backdrop for U.S. banks, with rising funding costs and slower loan growth continuing to weigh on the sector. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) posted better-than-expected numbers for the first quarter, signaling that the uncertainty gripping Wall Street has not yet made its way to Main Street.  Investors applauded the results, sending Bank of America shares up as much as 6% on Tuesday and up 4% as of 11 a.m. ET.  Bank of America earned $0.90 per share in the quarter on revenue of $27.4 billion, surpassing Wall Street expectations for $0.82 per share in earnings on sales of $26.9 billion. BAC's Q1 earnings gain from solid equity trading income, higher NII and decent advisory and debt underwriting performance amid higher provisions and expenses. The headline numbers for Bank of America (BAC) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals. Bank of America (BAC) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 11.11% and 1.89%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? A federal judge has ordered Bank of America to pay more than $540 million to resolve long-running litigation from a U.S. regulator that alleged the company underpaid mandatory assessments for deposit insurance.  The order, reached March 31 and published publicly on Monday, arrives over eight years after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation sued Bank of America in 2017.  “We are pleased the judge has ruled and have reserves reflecting the decision,” Bank of America said in a statement to The Associated Press. We recently published a list of the 10 Best Value Dividend Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other best value dividend stocks. Dividends, though sometimes underappreciated, have significantly contributed to long-term investor gains. Between 1960 and the […] Merrill Lynch and Bank of America’s Private Bank posted a flat profit for the first quarter of 2025 amid a strong earnings beat for their parent company.  BofA’s  wealth unit reported net income of $1 billion in the first quarter, down 0.1% from the fourth quarter and nearly identical to the first quarter in 2024.  The wealth division reported total revenue of $6.02 billion for the first quarter, up nearly 8% from $5.59 billion a year ago as clients and assets under management both increased during the period. Citi and Bank of America posted first-quarter net interest income of $14 billion and $14.4 billion, respectively.  Wall Street expected $14.49 billion of NII for the quarter at BofA, according to data compiled by FactSet, and $13.56 billion at Citi.  BofA said in January that it expected to drive between $14.5 billion and $14.6 billion of net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis for the first quarter. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, […] The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
