Dow Jones Futures Rise As China Says It's 'Evaluating' U.S. Trade Talks. Amazon, Apple Fall On Earni
2025-05-02 02-25
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/031f22c8-d478-31d0-b382-1f21fa27d913/dow-jones-futures-rise-as.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
Andy Jassy said in a Q2 earnings call that Amazon had encouraged sellers to pull forward goods so they could have inventory on hand in the U.S.
The Swedish audio streaming giant said in a letter to Apple that it planned to make changes to its U.S. app in accordance with the court's ruling on Wednesday, which said the iPhone maker must not levy its new commission on off-app purchases.  Apple did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.  U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers in Oakland said in an 80-page ruling that Apple failed to comply with her prior injunction order, which was imposed in an antitrust lawsuit brought by "Fortnite" maker Epic Games.
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the Trump administration’s tariffs, if they remain at their current levels, will cost Apple about $900 million in the current quarter that runs through June.
Fiscal second-quarter earnings show that the Apple (AAPL) hasn’t lost its shine.
BEIJING (Reuters) -The United States has approached China to seek talks over President Donald Trump's 145% tariffs and Beijing's door is open for discussions, China's Commerce Ministry said on Friday, signalling a potential de-escalation in the trade war.  The U.S. should be prepared to take action in correcting "erroneous" practices and cancel unilateral tariffs, the commerce ministry said in a statement, adding that Washington needs to show "sincerity" in negotiations.
The tech giant reported strong quarterly earnings that weren’t affected by new tariffs on Chinese imports, but the looming levies dimmed the company’s outlook.
Shopify stock is climbing off lows in a double-bottom base. The commerce platform stock is testing a key level as earnings loom.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.