Why the AI Trade May Not Save the Market From Trump’s Tariffs for Long
2025-05-01 21-51
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/baf12b30-5e78-3079-91bd-3abd10d4b95f/why-the-ai-trade-may-not-save.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Big Tech is coming to Wall Street’s rescue, for now. But the Magnificent Seven aren’t cheap. Look for better bargains elsewhere.
Mark Zuckerberg may see the world through AI-powered Ray-Bans, but Wall Street just sees it through his company’s ad dollars. And while he’s trying to look beyond the feed to a future with talking glasses and immersive virtual worlds, investors are hoping he’ll stick with what his company does best.
Microsoft and Meta Platforms reported strong earnings last night and either reiterated or grew their capital spending plans.  As spending on AI grows, so will electricity demand.  Shares of nuclear power providers Constellation Energy (NASDAQ: CEG), Vistra Energy (NYSE: VST), and Oklo (NYSE: OKLO) were in rally mode on Thursday, up 8%, 5.8%, and 8.5%, respectively, as of 1:45 p.m. ET.
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Retirees have more options that ever for earning extra money with the gig economy in full swing and a variety of jobs that can be done from home. In fact, many retirees have made the choice to return...
Microsoft stock soared on Thursday after the tech giant’s quarterly results handily beat Wall Street estimates.
That’s because the overall growth picture at Microsoft and Meta signals more spending on data-center products and software ahead.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Investors were left with little clarity on Wednesday about the health of the U.S. economy despite a fresh report on gross domestic product, with the fallout from President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs muddying growth signals.  On its face, the first-quarter data showing the first U.S. economic contraction since 2022 was alarming and brought immediate pressure on U.S. stocks.  The weakness stemmed from a surge in imports as businesses sought to avoid higher costs from the new tariffs, a phenomenon that many analysts said was poised to reverse in coming months.
After three years of consistent growth, the U.S. economy may have stalled.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.