Stock Market Today_ Nasdaq Surges As Meta, Microsoft Recover Lost Ground; These Two Leading Growth S
2025-05-01 20-40
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/aab288fb-2fb5-380b-8f0f-b92712b19da8/stock-market-today%3A-nasdaq.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The stock market today ignored signs of a weaker U.S. labor market as the Nasdaq led a rally on tech earnings. Aerospace stocks also rose.
Amazon.com Inc. gave a weaker-than-expected forecast for operating profit in the current quarter, citing tariffs and trade policies that may cause consumers to pull back on spending. Scott Devitt of Wedbush Securities reacts to the earnings report on "Bloomberg The Close."
US benchmark equity indexes advanced Thursday as a post-earnings rally in Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta
The S&P 500 advanced 0.6% on Thursday, May 1, securing its eighth straight winning session as strong results from Microsoft and Meta helped boost tech stocks.
Microsoft stock soared on Thursday after the tech giant’s quarterly results handily beat Wall Street estimates.
The 2025 Q1 earnings cycle is in full swing. And these three companies posted results that had investors pleased.
Applied Digital stock is surging today after Microsoft and Meta Platforms published strong quarterly results.  Microsoft and Meta's capital expenditures updates suggests that both tech giants are continuing to make big investments in AI processing.  High levels of AI infrastructure spending are a positive demand indicator for Applied Digital, but the company is coming off of a quarterly report that raised big questions.
LONDON (Reuters) -Unable to predict the impact of U.S. President Donald Trump's ever-changing trade war, Stellantis and Mercedes-Benz became the latest automakers on Wednesday to scrap their profit guidance citing market uncertainty wrought by tariffs.  Volkswagen issued guidance at the bottom end of its forecast, but UBS analyst Patrick Hummel wrote in a client note that the German group's outlook did not "include any impact of U.S. tariffs," calling it "essentially a withdrawal of guidance".
Strong earnings from big technology firms and easing trade tensions fueled a rally in stocks, lifting the Nasdaq Composite to levels last reached before President Trump’s tariff announcement touched off a roller-coaster April.  The tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 1.5%, up 0.6% from its April 2 close.  The S&P 500, which added 0.6% on Thursday, ended 1.2% shy of where it settled before Trump’s barrage of tariffs were unleashed from the White House Rose Garden.
Suddenly, the stock market has a case of bad breadth. Though the S&P 500 was still rising, the market trimmed its gains heading into the afternoon as health care stocks lagged behind. The Dow was up 150 points, or 0.
Although the revenue and EPS for Idexx (IDXX) give a sense of how its business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it might be worth considering how some key metrics compare with Wall Street estimates and the year-ago numbers.