Reddit Stock Surges Nearly 20% As Social Media Player Crushes Q1 Estimates
2025-05-01 20-45
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/bb6a21ac-14f2-3f6a-8786-d75b28df9576/reddit-stock-surges-nearly.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Reddit stock surged late Thursday on a strong Q1 report and better-than-expected Q2 sales forecast despite tariff fears.
For the second quarter, Reddit expects revenue of $410 million to $430 million, above analyst expectations for $391.8 million.
Daily active users, a closely watched metric, rose to 108.1 million, a 31% increase over the same period last year, and slightly above analyst estimates of 107.3 million.  Advertising revenue came in at $358.8 million, for a 61% increase over the first quarter of 2024.  “Our unique advantage is that people come to Reddit with intent—they’re not just scrolling, they’re also seeking,” CEO Steve Huffman wrote in a shareholder letter along with earnings results.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Reddit Inc. (RDDT) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Atlassian earnings topped Wall Street estimates. June quarter revenue guidance for Atlassian stock came in below expectations.
Reddit will report first-quarter results tomorrow, and some analysts are estimating falling earnings.  Investors should wait for the company's latest results before deciding on the stock either way.  Shares of the social media company Reddit (NYSE: RDDT) were tumbling this morning ahead of the release of the company's first-quarter results tomorrow.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.