Stock Market Today_ Nasdaq Surges As Meta, Microsoft Recover Lost Ground; These Two Leading Growth S
2025-05-01 20-40
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/aab288fb-2fb5-380b-8f0f-b92712b19da8/stock-market-today%3A-nasdaq.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The stock market today ignored signs of a weaker U.S. labor market as the Nasdaq led a rally on tech earnings. Aerospace stocks also rose.
Strong earnings from big technology firms and easing trade tensions fueled a rally in stocks, lifting the Nasdaq Composite to levels last reached before President Trump’s tariff announcement touched off a roller-coaster April.  The tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 1.5%, up 0.6% from its April 2 close.  The S&P 500, which added 0.6% on Thursday, ended 1.2% shy of where it settled before Trump’s barrage of tariffs were unleashed from the White House Rose Garden.
US benchmark equity indexes advanced Thursday as a post-earnings rally in Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta
LONDON (Reuters) -Unable to predict the impact of U.S. President Donald Trump's ever-changing trade war, Stellantis and Mercedes-Benz became the latest automakers on Wednesday to scrap their profit guidance citing market uncertainty wrought by tariffs.  Volkswagen issued guidance at the bottom end of its forecast, but UBS analyst Patrick Hummel wrote in a client note that the German group's outlook did not "include any impact of U.S. tariffs," calling it "essentially a withdrawal of guidance".
Suddenly, the stock market has a case of bad breadth. Though the S&P 500 was still rising, the market trimmed its gains heading into the afternoon as health care stocks lagged behind. The Dow was up 150 points, or 0.
Although the revenue and EPS for Idexx (IDXX) give a sense of how its business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it might be worth considering how some key metrics compare with Wall Street estimates and the year-ago numbers.
Atlassian earnings topped Wall Street estimates. June quarter revenue guidance for Atlassian stock came in below expectations.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.