What AI Slowdown_ Nvidia Rallies As Meta, Microsoft Boost Data Center Spending.
2025-05-01 20-06
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/222725bd-e3f0-3c35-a552-2b6d2e77e29c/what-ai-slowdown%3F-nvidia.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Use the IBD Stock Screener to quickly filter through thousands of companies to find stocks that meet your criteria.
This AI chip stock has pulled back in 2025 despite its impressive growth.  Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) investors are having a forgettable year so far as shares of the chipmaker have pulled back by more than 20% in 2025 as of this writing.  It is worth noting that AMD's financial performance has been picking up momentum in recent quarters, thanks to its data center and client processor businesses.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -President Donald Trump on Wednesday counseled patience, cast blame and claimed victory in the face of a first-quarter U.S. economic contraction and tariffs that have taken a bite out of his popularity, saying a resurgence was around the corner.  The U.S. Commerce Department's advance gross domestic product data on Wednesday pointed to the first quarterly decline in three years as businesses imported a flood of goods to avoid higher costs from Trump's pending tariffs.  Trump and his aides struggled to coalesce around a message about the GDP number, simultaneously saying it was bad because of Biden administration policies but also good because of Trump's efforts.
That’s because the overall growth picture at Microsoft and Meta signals more spending on data-center products and software ahead.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.