Dow Jones Futures Rise As China Says It's 'Evaluating' U.S. Trade Talks. Amazon, Apple Fall On Earni
2025-05-02 03-05
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/031f22c8-d478-31d0-b382-1f21fa27d913/dow-jones-futures-rise-as.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as […]
Microsoft stock soared on Thursday after the tech giant’s quarterly results handily beat Wall Street estimates.
Investors should focus on reliability when they look at high-yield investments.  You can find higher-yielding midstream players than Enterprise Products Partners.  It is hard to find midstream stocks that are more reliable than Enterprise.
(Bloomberg) -- Key House Republicans on Thursday discussed ways to direct an expanded state and local tax deduction to those making less than $400,000 as they seek to balance the cost of the tax break with the political needs of several lawmakers from New York and other high-tax states. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNY
Andy Jassy said in a Q2 earnings call that Amazon had encouraged sellers to pull forward goods so they could have inventory on hand in the U.S.
Paramount Global-B (PARA) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Intel announced plans to develop its own AI chips on an earnings call Friday The company's previous strategy has been to acquire AI startups that have already developed their own chips Analysts remain split on whether or not the plan will work, citing Nvidia's dominance in the market Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) CEO Lip-Bu Tan announced that the company will be working to develop its own AI chips, in an earnings call on Friday. "This is not a quick fix," Tan said on the call. He continued that he would b
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arista Networks Inc. (NYSE:ANET) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green […]