Reddit's strong revenue forecast signals advertising strength
2025-05-01 20-09
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/reddit-forecasts-quarterly-revenue-above-200914842.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Jaspreet Singh
(Reuters) -Reddit forecast second-quarter revenue above Wall Street estimates on Thursday, betting on growing digital advertising spend on the social media platform despite uncertainty over marketing budgets.
The company's shares, which rose as much as 20% in extended trading, pared gains to trade up 7%, after CEO Steve Huffman said on a post-earning call that the company expects some disruption for daily active users from Google search.
"We do expect some bumps along the way from Google, because we've already seen a few this year," Huffman said, adding that the search ecosystem was undergoing significant changes, which could prompt frequent near-term disruptions.
Reddit had experienced volatility in traffic from Google's search algorithm change in the fourth quarter due to the search giant's focus on AI-generated summaries on its results page.
But, results suggest that Reddit's ad tech investments are paying off and the company is attracting advertisers at a time when the ending of a duty-free import loophole, combined with deepening trade tensions, has constrained ad budgets for some social media platforms.
Facebook-parent Meta topped revenue expectations on strong ad sales. In contrast, smaller rival Snap said that it would not issue a quarterly forecast due to economic uncertainty, as advertisers favor bigger platforms in tough times.
Reddit is benefiting from its conversation placement ads format, where brands can advertise directly within discussion threads taking place in its interest-based communities known as subreddits.
Chief Operating Officer Jen Wong said Reddit's total number of active advertisers grew more than 50% in the first quarter, from a year ago.
The company expects current-quarter revenue of $410 million to $430 million, above analysts' average estimate of $395.5 million, according to data compiled by LSEG.
Reddit jostles with rival platforms – including TikTok, Facebook and Instagram – for digital ads, as these platforms have become a reliable go-to for marketers because of their massive user base. The Reddit stock, which debuted in March 2024, fell 27% so far this year.
The company expects adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization of $110 million to $130 million in the second quarter, ahead of estimates of $105.3 million.
Revenue grew 61% to $392.4 million in the first quarter, surpassing estimates of $370 million. Its profit per share of 13 cents handily beat estimates.
Reddit has been using AI to improve its products and user engagement.
Daily active unique visitors rose 31% to 108.1 million during the reported quarter, compared with estimates of 107.5 million.
(Reporting by Jaspreet Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Mohammed Safi Shamsi and Shailesh Kuber)
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.