Stocks to Watch Recap_ Amazon, Apple, McDonald’s, Kohl’s
2025-05-01 20-40
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/dcfc6d7a-641c-3caa-b790-4514b6bb516f/stocks-to-watch-recap%3A.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
🔎 After-Hours Earnings: Amazon.com (AMZN) shares fell about 4% despite the tech giant posting strong results. Apple (AAPL) stock slipped 1.4% after its earnings release. Earlier, a judge ruled the iPhone maker violated an antitrust ruling related to App Store restrictions.
Companies with a long history of paying dividends and consistently hiking them remain appealing to income-focused investors. Tyson Foods, Prologis, and WEC Energy have rewarded shareholders for years and recently announced dividend increases. These ...
Stocks rallied as May kicked off, led by the tech-heavy Nasdaq after better-than-expected earnings from Microsoft and Meta Platforms.
Apple's iPhone revenue was up 5% to $95.4 billion, beating the analyst consensus of $94.5 billion. But another closely-watched segment, results from China, was less positive. Apple's Greater China revenue missed expectations by almost a billion dollars, down 2% from last year, to $16.
Estee Lauder (EL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 124.14% and 1.22%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
It’s been an interesting week for  General Motors  one that has culminated with a guidance cut.  GM   reported first-quarter numbers on Tuesday but delayed its earnings conference call because President Donald Trump was set to change automotive tariff policies later in the day.  The car business still faces stiff tariffs—25% levies on imported cars—but things improved at the margin.
Meta Platforms  roundly beat first-quarter earnings expectations.  Its shares were rising early Thursday, though the company’s latest outlook around capital expenditures could give some investors pause.  Revenue for the quarter reached $42.3 billion, above expectations of $41.3 billion, and up 16% on the year, Meta reported Wednesday.
The automaker postponed its full-year guidance until after President Trump announces his revised tariff structure.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) -Apple on Thursday trimmed its share buyback program by $10 billion, with CEO Tim Cook telling analysts that tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter as the iPhone maker shifts its vast supply chain to minimize the impact of President Donald Trump's trade war.  Cook also said Apple's planned $500 billion in spending to expand its U.S. footprint would involve both capital outlays and increased operational expenses as it builds out server and chip factories with its manufacturing partners.  In addition, he outlined how Apple has started to build up a stockpile of products so that the majority of its devices sold in the U.S. this quarter will not come from China.
Ford Chief Executive Jim Farley said the company knows how auto tariffs will affect its costs, but doesn't know how competitors will respond to the levies. Referring to Stellantis and General Motors, Farley said: "Are they going to build 10 factories? Are they going to take pricing and pass it on to the customers this summer?"  Farley said his automaker has seen double-digit sales increases since March and shrinking inventories at dealerships amid President Trump's tariffs.
The sport’s efforts in the U.S. spent decades lost in translation. But with American owners and three stateside Grands Prix, F1 finally has the foothold it has been searching for.