What AI Slowdown_ Nvidia Rallies As Meta, Microsoft Boost Data Center Spending.
2025-05-01 20-06
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/222725bd-e3f0-3c35-a552-2b6d2e77e29c/what-ai-slowdown%3F-nvidia.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Microsoft and Meta Platforms reported strong earnings last night and either reiterated or grew their capital spending plans.  As spending on AI grows, so will electricity demand.  Shares of nuclear power providers Constellation Energy (NASDAQ: CEG), Vistra Energy (NYSE: VST), and Oklo (NYSE: OKLO) were in rally mode on Thursday, up 8%, 5.8%, and 8.5%, respectively, as of 1:45 p.m. ET.
Mark Zuckerberg may see the world through AI-powered Ray-Bans, but Wall Street just sees it through his company’s ad dollars. And while he’s trying to look beyond the feed to a future with talking glasses and immersive virtual worlds, investors are hoping he’ll stick with what his company does best.
Big Tech is coming to Wall Street’s rescue, for now. But the Magnificent Seven aren’t cheap. Look for better bargains elsewhere.
Nvidia’s (NVDA) shares are not fully pricing in all of its upbeat catalysts, and it’s “certainly a buy,” Keybanc analyst John Vinh told Yahoo Finance recently. Moreover, it’s “a bit premature” to be concerned about Nvidia’s competition from custom AI chip makers, Vinh believes. NVDA’s Attractive Valuation NVDA stock is failing to price in “everything,” […]
Dow Jones futures rose as Microsoft and Meta jumped on earnings. Tesla's chair denied a report that the board eyed replacing Elon Musk.
Apple is neck and neck with Microsoft for the title of largest U.S. company by market capitalization.  Apple currently has a market cap of $3.193 trillion based on today's intraday trading, according to Dow Jones Market Data.  Nvidia is third on the list, with a market cap of $2.778 trillion.
That’s because the overall growth picture at Microsoft and Meta signals more spending on data-center products and software ahead.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.