Stock market today_ Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings, Dow, S&P 500 rise fo
2025-05-01 20-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/live/stock-market-today-nasdaq-surges-as-ai-trade-reignites-amid-big-tech-earnings-dow-sp-500-rise-for-8th-day-200051889.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Nasdaq led US stocks higher on Thursday as strong earnings from Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta (META) eased fears about Big Tech's prospects amid President Trump's tariff upheaval.
The benchmark S&P 500 (^GSPC) rose around 0.6% to close off the highs of the session, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) led the gains, paring gains to close up 1.5%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) added roughly 0.2%, extending its longest winning streak of the year.
Microsoft and Meta both topped Wall Street expectations for quarterly profit late Wednesday, relieving worries that Trump's trade war would hit corporate spending on artificial intelligence and cloud, as well as advertising. The stocks surged, ending up over 7% and 4%, respectively.
Tech giant Apple (AAPL) posted better than expected earnings after the close on strong iPhone sales. Amazon (AMZN) shares declined in after-hours after the cloud and e-commerce company's second quarter operating income came in below Wall Street expectations.
Both of the "Magnificent Seven" megacaps have found themselves in the crosshairs of Trump's trade offensive. Amazon reassured the White House this week that it won't show the tariff hike in its product prices, while Apple is scrambling to shift iPhone production from China, even as smartphones are exempted from steep duties on imports from there.
Read more: The latest on Trump's tariffs
McDonald's (MCD) pointed to the fallout from tariffs for consumers as it posted a first quarter earnings miss and slump in US sales. Americans are "grappling with uncertainty," the fast-food giant's CEO said. Shares fell more than 1%.
More broadly, markets welcomed signs of a thawing in the trade war that has driven fears of an economic slowdown, particularly after data on Wednesday showed US gross domestic product contracted in the first quarter.
On Thursday, new data showed weekly filings for unemployment claims hit a two-month high at the end of April, while continuing claims hit their highest level since November 2021. The latest signal of labor market weakness sets the stage for Friday's all-important jobs report.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        

Beijing has reportedly signaled that the US has reached out to China to initiate trade talks, despite the White House's insistence that President Xi must make the first move. At the same time, officials have hinted that the Trump administration is closing in on announcing a first batch of trade deals.
Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley reports:
Apple (AAPL) announced its second quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday, beating on the top and bottom lines on better-than-anticipated iPhone sales. The company also authorized an additional $100 billion in stock buybacks.
The announcement comes as consumer technology companies are contending with Trump's 145% tariff on goods from China. Apple's iPhones, iPads, and other computers, however, are exempt from the duties.
Apple shares were down more than 1% on the news.
Read more here. 
Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley reports:
Amazon (AMZN) reported its first quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday beating on the top and bottom lines, but offered lighter-than-anticipated guidance for its Q2 operating income.
For the quarter, Amazon saw earnings per share (EPS) of $1.59 on revenue of $155.7 billion. Wall Street was ancitipating ESP of $1.36 and revenue of $155.1 billion, according to Bloomberg consensus estimates. The company reporterd EPS of $0.98 and revenue of $143.3 billion in Q1 last year.
AWS revenue came in at $29.2 billion versus expectations of $29.3 billion.
Read more here. 
The Nasdaq rose on Thursday as investors put aside uncertainty over President Trump's tariff policy and instead focused on optimism over Big Tech's AI prospects.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) rose roughly 0.6% to extend its longest win streak of the year, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) rose more than 1.5%, but off the highs of the session on the heels of better-than-expected earnings from Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta (META).
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) also extended its longest winning streak of the year to gain 0.2%.
Investors awaited tech earnings from Apple (AAPL) and Amazon (AMZN) set to report right after the bell.
Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley reports:
Amazon (AMZN) stock jumped 3% on Thursday ahead of its first quarter earnings report, where investors are expected to press the company on how upcoming tariffs might impact its business.
For the quarter, Amazon is expected to see earnings per share (EPS) of $1.36 and revenue of $155.1 billion, according to Bloomberg consensus estimates. That’s a jump from the EPS of $0.98 and revenue of $143.3 billion the company reported in Q1 last year.
Read more here.
Eli Lilly (LLY) shares were down nearly 10% as investors reacted to CVS (CVS) naming Novo Nordisk's (NVO) blockbuster GLP-1 drug Wegovy as a preferred drug on its formulary. But Eli Lily's CEO isn't as concerned.
Yahoo Finance's Anjalee Khemlani reports:
Eli Lilly (LLY) has enjoyed a successful run the past several quarters as the company's blockbuster GLP-1 weight-loss drug Wegovy gains steam in the obesity space.
But Wall Street wiped out more than $90 billion in the company's market cap during trading Thursday after competitor Novo Nordisk (NVO) locked in a deal to have its GLP-1 listed on CVS's (CVS) formulary as the preferred weight-loss drug for patients.
But Eli Lilly CEO David Ricks waved off the deal Thursday, telling Yahoo Finance in an interview that the company is focused more on upcoming obesity drugs in its pipeline and sees exclusive deals as an older way of doing business.
"We're not interested in exclusive deals. We think innovation and choice is very important. And we're well into the product replacement cycle, and there's more coming," Ricks said, referring to the highly anticipated oral form of Eli Lilly's GLP-1 orforglipron, which is expected to hit the markets mid-next year.
"It's in some ways a little disappointing to see this. It feels a little bit like last decade, these sort of lock-up deals," Ricks added.
Read more here.
Yahoo Finance's Ines Ferre reports:
Are consumers getting skittish?
Just ask McDonald's (MCD), Chipotle (CMG), and Starbucks (SBUX). Those companies, in their latest earnings reports, signaled that their customers are in the midst of an economic squeeze.
“The big thing is people are just visiting less and that speaks to, I think, the pressure on consumers,” McDonald’s CFO Ian Borden told analysts on Thursday morning after the company's first quarter earnings results missed Wall Street estimates in the face of drops in sales and traffic.
The big reason, it seems, is that President Trump's tariff policy — and the flip-flopping that's come with it — has caused uncertainty among spenders and has weighed on consumer sentiment, pushing inflation expectations to their highest levels since the 1980s.
McDonald's pointed to traffic trends at quick-service restaurants by income level, showing the squeeze on consumers may be broadening.
Read more here.
Yahoo Finance's Pras Subramanian reports:
Early Thursday morning, Tesla (TSLA) chair Robyn Denholm denied a stunning report from the Wall Street Journal saying that Tesla’s board of directors was looking for CEO Elon Musk’s replacement.
“Earlier today, there was a media report erroneously claiming that the Tesla Board had contacted recruitment firms to initiate a CEO search at the company,” Denholm wrote in a post published by Tesla’s X.com account. “This is absolutely false … The CEO of Tesla is Elon Musk and the Board is highly confident in his ability to continue executing on the exciting growth plan ahead.”
The Journal reported Tesla’s board of directors was in the initial stages of a formal process to find the EV maker’s next CEO. The board, according to the Journal, also told Musk he needed to spend more time back at the company and needed to let Tesla investors and the public know he was returning.
Musk apparently didn’t push back and publicly stated on Tesla’s first quarter earnings call in late April that he would indeed be “allocating far more” of his time at Tesla.
Tesla’s investor relations department did not immediately respond to Yahoo Finance’s request for comment. Tesla does not maintain a press office in the US.
Read more here.
Yahoo Finance's Claire Boston reports:
Mortgage rates fell this week amid a period of relative stability for the bond market.
The average 30-year mortgage rate was 6.76% this week through Wednesday, from 6.81% a week earlier, according to Freddie Mac data. 15-year mortgage rates averaged 5.92%, compared with 5.94% last week.
After several weeks of volatility, 10-year Treasury yields, which closely track mortgage rates, are starting to move lower once again. They’re around 4.2% as of Thursday morning, from 4.31% a week ago.
Mortgage rates have been on a bumpy path since President Trump announced sweeping tariffs in early April, but they’re settling now as markets await more information about the likely path of benchmark interest rates.
Read more here.
The Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) was up as much as 2.4% on Thursday morning, and it is mainly megacap technology leading the index higher.
Microsoft (MSFT) was up over 8% while Meta (META) and Amazon (AMZN) were both more than 4% higher.
Qualcomm (QCOM) stock dropped more than 8% after the chipmaker gave a slightly softer-than-expected revenue outlook for the current quarter.
Qualcomm said it expected $10.3 billion in revenue at the midpoint for the current period (its fiscal third quarter), slightly lower than the $10.33 billion expected, according to Bloomberg data.
"There's uncertainty around the impact of the global trade landscape on demand across our businesses," said CFO Akash Palkhiwala in a call with analysts.
"Our guidance for the upcoming quarter is based on our current assessment of the financial impact of tariffs as they stand today."
On the other hand, Qualcomm's earnings and revenue for the March period (its fiscal second quarter) beat expectations.
Citi analyst Chris Danely removed the chipmaker from the investment firm's "catalyst" list for stocks to watch, as the analyst said a smartphone upgrade cycle is "at least a year away." Qualcomm's chips are used in Android cell phones and Apple (AAPL) iPhones.
Qualcomm's drop comes as other chip stocks such as Nvidia (NVDA) surged Thursday following Meta (META) and Microsoft's (MSFT) reaffirmation of their billions in spending on AI infrastructure this year. Qualcomm makes ASIC accelerators (custom chips to run AI models faster, used in addition to GPUs such as Nvidia's) for data centers.
Manufacturing activity fell further into contraction in April as the reality of President Trump's tariffs set in.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing PMI fell to an index reading of 48.7 in April, below the 49 seen the month prior. However, the reading was above the 47.9 economists had expected. Readings below 50 indicate contraction in the sector.
The ISM's prices paid index for the sector came in at 69.8, roughly flat compared to the prior month. Meanwhile, new orders increased to a reading of 47.2, above the 45.2 seen in March.
"In April, U.S. manufacturing activity slipped marginally further into contraction after expanding only marginally in February," chair of the Institute for Supply Management Timothy Fiore said in the release. "Demand and output weakened while input strengthened further, conditions that are not considered positive for economic growth."
Nvidia (NVDA) stock rose as much as 4.3% early Thursday, leading chip stocks higher after Big Tech leaders Meta (META) and Microsoft (MSFT) reaffirmed their aggressive AI investment plans.
Shares of fellow AI chipmakers Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) and Broadcom (AVGO) jumped 1.3% and 2.4%, respectively. Nvidia supplier Micron (MU), which makes advanced memory chips for its GPUs (graphics processing units), climbed 2.7%.
During its quarterly earnings presentations late Wednesday afternoon, Microsoft reiterated its $80 billion spending plan to build out AI data centers, with more than half of that spending going toward the US. Meta, meanwhile, raised its capital expenditure outlook for 2025, forecasting spending will now fall between $64 billion and $72 billion, up from its prior range of $60 billion to $65 billion.
Meta stock rose 6% Thursday morning, while Microsoft jumped 10%.
Read the full story here. 
The largest stock in the world is ripping higher on Thursday morning.
Microsoft (MSFT) popped as much as 10% at the market open on Thursday morning after a blowout earnings report for the tech giant on Wednesday night. Zooming out to a yearly chart, its a rather large move for a stock that had been essentially flat over the past year prior to today's session.
Read more on Microsoft's earnings here.
Kohl’s (KSS) board of directors has ousted CEO Ashley Buchanan for cause, citing violations of company policies related to undisclosed conflicts of interest in vendor relationships.
According to Bloomberg, trading in Kohl’s shares was temporarily halted Thursday morning following the announcement. Shares later rose as much as 5%, signaling investor approval of the board’s decisive action.
An investigation found Buchanan violated company policies by directing vendor transactions involving undisclosed conflicts of interest. The board emphasized the termination was unrelated to company performance or financial reporting. As a result, Buchanan has also been removed from the board and withdrawn as a nominee for reelection at the 2025 shareholders meeting.
Buchanan, who assumed the CEO role in January, ​​was awarded a compensation package totaling approximately $20 million — more than double the $9 million received by his predecessor, Tom Kingsbury.
In response to the leadership change, the board has appointed Michael Bender as interim CEO, effective immediately. Bender has served on the board since July 2019 and was named board chair in May 2024.
Eli Lilly (LLY) shares slid about 5% before the bell after a double-whammy for its popular Zepbound treatment, despite better-than-expected first quarter results from the drugmaker.
Sales of Lilly's popular weight-loss drug fell slightly short of Wall Street estimates. Separately, CVS Health (CVS) said its pharmacy business will list Novo Nordisk's (NVO, NOVO-B.CO) rival GLP-1 drug Wegovy as its preferred obesity drug, to the exclusion of Zepbound.
"Now that there’s adequate supply of both of these GLP-1s, CVS Caremark was able to negotiate Wegovy against Zepbound to determine which manufacturer of these clinically similar products could deliver the greatest overall value and lowest net cost for our clients that choose to participate on our standard commercial formularies," a CVS spokesperson told Yahoo Finance's Anjalee Khemlani.
Reuters reports:
Zepbound posted sales of $2.31 billion for the first quarter, while analysts were expecting sales of $2.33 billion, according to LSEG data.
Lilly said lower prices for the drug impacted revenue, but demand remained strong. In February, Lilly had cut the price for vials of Zepbound by $50 or more and expanded the range of doses it sold online.
It now offers the two lowest doses of Zepbound for $349 and $499 for a month's supply.
The company cut its annual adjusted profit forecast to between $20.78 and $22.28 per share from its previous expectation of between $22.50 and $24.00 per share.
Read more here.
Weekly claims for unemployment benefits hit their lowest level in two months during the final full week of April.
Data from the Department of Labor released Thursday morning showed 241,000 initial jobless claims were filed in the week ending April 26, up from 223,000 the week prior and well above economists expectations for another print of 223,000.
Meanwhile, 1.916 million continuing claims were filed, up from the 1.833 million seen the week prior, and the highest level seen since November 2021.
Big Tech stocks were the top trending tickers in premarket trading on Thursday as several of the "Magnificent Seven" names took center stage with first quarter earnings reports this week.
Microsoft (MSFT) stock surged 9% after the company posted an earnings beat and strong cloud performance Wednesday. AI contributed more than expected to Azure revenue growth, though Microsoft noted capacity constraints remain a headwind for AI growth.
Meta (META) stock popped 6% after Q1 results also beat on the top and bottom lines. Despite concerns of an advertising slowdown due to the heightened uncertainty around tariffs and the economy, Meta raised its capital expenditures estimates and held its revenue forecasts steady.
Amazon (AMZN) stock rose 3% ahead of its first quarter earnings report. Investors are closely watching for AI spending's moment of truth as well as for any potential headwinds from President Trump's tariff policies. Earlier this week, Amazon drew ire from the White House over a report that the company planned to display tariff price hikes next to products, which Amazon denied.
Nvidia (NVDA) gained 4% as Meta and Microsoft suggested that the AI buildouts haven't slowed down, as my colleague Brian Sozzi wrote below. Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang made a trip to Washington, D.C., on Wednesday to advocate for changes to chip export policies.
Apple (AAPL) stock fell 1% ahead of its earnings report, where investors will get a look at how tariffs are affecting the iPhone maker and its supply chains. "We don't think Apple is 'out-of-the-woods' yet," KeyBanc analyst Brandon Nispel wrote in a note, as Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley reported.
General Motors lowered its 2025 profit forecast on Thursday after getting more clarity on tariff risks in President Trump's partial reprieve for automakers.
Two days earlier, the Big Three car giant pulled its previous forward guidance and suspended share buybacks while it waited for the White House to shed light on it trade plans.
In a letter to shareholders, GM said it now sees a potential impact from current tariffs of as much as $5 billion.
Shares in the auto giant rose almost 4% as investors assessed the news.
Reuters reports:
CEO Mary Barra told shareholders in a letter that the company would maintain strong dialogue with the Trump administration on trade and other policies as they evolve.
"There are ongoing discussions with key trade partners that may also have an impact," Barra said....
The automaker expects to notch an annual adjusted core profit between $10 billion and $12.5 billion, including a current tariff exposure of between $4 billion and $5 billion.
GM's previous guidance for earnings before interest and taxes was between $13.7 billion and $15.7 billion.
Read more here.
Shares of CVS (CVS) jumped more than 10% in pre-market after the healthcare company raised its full-year 2025 profit guidance. Its first quarter earnings also out on Thursday handily beat Wall Street estimates.
Yahoo Finance's Anjalee Khemlani reports:
The Street had been concerned about Medicare Advantage players, like CVS's Aetna, after UnitedHealth Group's (UNH) miss, in part related to higher-than-expected utilization of Medicare Advantage, which would have extended a concerning trend last year.
But with the improvement in medical loss ratio (MLR) — the ratio of premiums received to claims paid out, mandated to be at 85% by the Affordable Care Act — CVS has helped show the hit to UnitedHealth was a one-off.
CVS reported an MLR of 87.3%, in line with peer Humana (HUM), and a 3% drop from the same period in 2024, when the company reported 90.4%.
Read more here.
A drop in US sales and traffic weighed on McDonald's (MCD) first quarter results on Thursday, dragging the stock down slightly.
Shares slipped less than 1% after the fast-food giant's earnings missed Wall Street expectations.
Yahoo Finance's Laura Bratton reports:
McDonald's reported first quarter revenue of $5.96 billion, which came in below the $6.12 billion expected, according to Bloomberg data. This marked a 3% decline from the prior year period.
Global comparable sales — or sales at restaurants in operation for more than one year — fell 1%, led by a 3.6% drop in US same-store sales as fewer customers visited McDonald’s in its home country. Wall Street analysts had, on average, expected global comparable sales to rise 0.5% and US sales to fall a more modest 1%....
McDonald’s CEO Chris Kempczinski said in a statement that consumers are “grappling with uncertainty.”
McDonald's, like most of its fast food peers, is dealing with anxious consumers facing an unpredictable economic environment due to Trump’s trade policies, which have raised fears of an impending recession.
Read more here.
Earnings: Apple (AAPL), Amazon (AMZN), Airbnb (ABNB), CVS (CVS), Eli Lilly (LLY), Mastercard (MA), McDonald's (MCD), Reddit (RDDT), Roblox (RBLX), Shake Shack (SHAK), Sirius XM (SIRI)
Economic data: Challenger jobs cuts (April); Initial jobless claims (week ending April 26); S&P global US manufacturing (April final); ISM manufacturing (April); ISM prices paid (April); Construction spending, (March)
Here are some of the biggest stories you may have missed overnight and early this morning:
The month that Trump blinked on trade
CVS posts Q1 earnings beat, raises full-year guidance
Microsoft stock jumps as cloud drives earnings beat
Meta stock rises as upbeat outlook eases tariff concerns
China signals US reached out to kick off tariff talks
Downbeat GDP offers 2 views on the US economy
Trump barely defeats challenge to his tariff war in Senate
Starbucks seeks to cut its million-dollar store upgrade costs
Amazon to invest $4 billion to speed up deliveries in rural US
Gold (GC=F) extended its slide on Thursday as traders welcomed signs of progress in trade talks between the US and countries facing President Trump's hefty tariff hikes.
Futures fell 2.4% to around $3,238 an ounce in early morning trade as investors' rush for shelter slowed amid optimism for an easing in trade tensions.
Bloomberg reports:
Investors weighed improving sentiment on Wall Street after Donald Trump’s trade representative said he was nearing an announcement of a first tranche of deals. Adding to the optimism, China Central Television said the US had reached out to Beijing through various channels.
Bullion remains about a quarter higher this year after hitting a record above $3,500 last week before losing some ground. The ascent has been driven mainly by investors taking refuge in the haven asset as Trump’s fast-evolving trade policy upended markets and stoked fears of a global slowdown. Speculative demand in China and central-bank buying has also supported gains.
Read more here.
Nvidia (NVDA) shares are up 4% in premarket trading, with darn good reason.
I heard nothing on the earnings calls from Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta (META) last night to suggest AI buildouts are slowing down. In fact, I would argue buildouts are accelerating, believe it or not.
I was most surprised by the pace of spending on AI out of Meta — and that says a lot, because the company has been spending aggressively on AI the past two years.
Tesla (TSLA) board members have potentially been vetting CEOs to replace Elon Musk over the past month, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal. Musk's political alignment and the tanking of Tesla stock since Musk spearheaded the Department of Government Efficiency are cited as chief aspects behind the push for a new head to the beleaguered carmaker.
In response to the WSJ report, Tesla Chair Robyn Denholm claimed that news the board had begun steps of looking for a new CEO to replace Elon Musk were "absolutely false".
Reuters reports:
The current status of the board's push, which, according to the report, was sparked by Musk's heavy involvement with the Trump administration, could not be determined, WSJ said.
Musk last week said he would cut back significantly on the time he devotes to the Trump administration and spend more time running Tesla.
Musk's work at his Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE), where he has led efforts to cut federal jobs, has been one of the most controversial aspects of the Trump presidency, and his time away from Tesla has been an additional concern for investors as sales of its aging EV lineup have been on the decline.
His embrace of far-right politics in Europe has also led to protests against Musk and the company as well as vandalism at its showrooms and charging stations across the U.S. and Europe.
The board members met Musk and asked him to acknowledge publicly that he would spend more time at Tesla, the report said.
Read more here.
Oil prices have steadied after falling steeply from the blowout of the ongoing US-China trade war.
Reuters reports:
Brent crude (BZ=F) futures gained 7 cents, or 0.1%, at $61.13 a barrel as at 0318 GMT. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (CL=F) crude futures were up 1 cent or 0.02%, at $58.22. WTI closed at its lowest since March 2021 on Wednesday.
"In the near term, the path of least resistance remains tilted to the downside," said Sugandha Sachdeva, founder of SS WealthStreet, a New Delhi-based research firm.
"The dual impact of deteriorating demand and looming supply expansion has created a pessimistic outlook for crude, with Brent crude appearing vulnerable to test $55 per barrel," Sachdeva said.
Read more here.
Microsoft Corp (MSFT)
Microsoft stock soared following Q3 earnings, popping 6.9% after handily trouncing Wall Street's expectations. The tech giant saw earnings per share of $3.46 on revenue of $70 billion. Analysts were anticipating earnings of $3.21 on revenue of $68.4 billion,
QUALCOMM Inc. (QCOM)
Semiconducter giant Qualcomm saw share value drop 5.4% despite delivering stronger-than-expected fiscal second-quarter results on Wednesday. Tariff concerns weigh heavily on the company with supply chain issues expected by market analysts.
QCOM reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.85, edging past Wall Street’s forecast of $2.82, Revenue also came in above expectations, reaching $10.84 billion, compared to analyst estimates of $10.66 billion.
Meta Platforms (META)
Shares in social media giant Meta jumped 5.5% in extended trading after a strong Q3 earnings report provided a boost to the company and the tech sector at large.
As reported by Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley
Meta reported earnings per share of $6.43 on revenue of $42.3 billion. Wall Street was expecting EPS of $5.25 on revenue of $41.3 billion, according to Bloomberg consensus estimates. The company saw EPS of $4.71 on revenue of $36.4 billion in Q1 2024.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.