Why Is Meta (META) Stock Rocketing Higher Today
2025-05-01 18-55
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-meta-meta-stock-rocketing-185515797.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Shares of social network operator Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) jumped 7.2% in the pre-market session after the company reported strong first quarter 2025 results which exceeded analysts' expectations across revenue, EPS, and EBITDA. Revenue grew 16% year over year, driven by a 10% rise in average ad prices and a 5% increase in impressions across Meta's Family of Apps.
The real story for the quarter was the 27% rise in operating income and a 37% jump in EPS, driven by a sharp rebound in ad pricing and disciplined expense management, despite elevated investments in AI infrastructure and product development​.
Looking forward, Meta raised its capital expenditure outlook to reflect greater investment in data centers and AI, suggesting that growth investments remain a top priority. Overall, this quarter had some key positives: accelerating ad revenue, growing earnings, and a business model that continues to show operating leverage in a volatile digital environment.
The shares closed the day at $572.09, up 4.5% from previous close.
Is now the time to buy Meta? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Meta’s shares are not very volatile and have only had 7 moves greater than 5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful, although it might not be something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business.
The biggest move we wrote about over the last year was 9 months ago when the stock gained 9.9% on the news that the company reported strong second quarter 2024 earnings. Meta slightly beat analysts' revenue guidance expectations for the next quarter. In addition, this quarter's revenue and EPS narrowly outperformed Wall Street's estimates. Looking ahead, the company expects to continue investing in Reality Labs as its Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses are seeing strong traction. Overall, this quarter seemed fairly positive, and shareholders should feel optimistic.
Meta is down 4.6% since the beginning of the year, and at $571.50 per share, it is trading 22.4% below its 52-week high of $736.67 from February 2025. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Meta’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $2,825.
Here at StockStory, we certainly understand the potential of thematic investing. Diverse winners from Microsoft (MSFT) to Alphabet (GOOG), Coca-Cola (KO) to Monster Beverage (MNST) could all have been identified as promising growth stories with a megatrend driving the growth. So, in that spirit, we’ve identified a relatively under-the-radar profitable growth stock benefiting from the rise of AI, available to you FREE via this link.
Meta and Microsoft surprised to the upside on a better-than-expected showing from AI the previous day.
Asia-based e-commerce companies are buying fewer ads in the U.S. ahead of the closure of a tariffs-related loophole, Meta Platforms’s chief financial officer said Wednesday.  “We have seen some reduced spend in the U.S. from Asia-based e-commerce exporters,” Susan Li, Meta’s CFO, said on a call with investors and analysts.  “A portion of that spend has been redirected to other markets, but the overall spend for those advertisers is below the levels prior to April,” Li said.
At the end of the day, the value of an investment really comes down to net capital gains. These are the profits you make when you sell an asset such as a stock or a real estate investment property....
As Americans worry about a recession, should you accept the offer of a new job with a big paycheck, or is it a better idea to stay put and not risk a layoff?
If Part 1 of this series was about the mindset shift—getting off the hamster wheel of the spot market—then Part 2 is all about the muscle: the actual steps to build, pitch, and maintain shipper relationships that bring consistency to your business. This is where the rubber meets the road. In the Playbook Masterclass, we […] The post Masterclass Recap: How to Go Direct and Ditch the Spot Market (Part 2) appeared first on FreightWaves.
"Dr. Doom" Nouriel Roubini expects the US economy to see robust growth in the coming years as America's tech leadership overshadows tariff policy.
Meta Platforms (META) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 23.18% and 2.61%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Meta stock gained Thursday after the Facebook parent company reported first-quarter earnings and sales that beat expectations.
Shares in Meta Platforms are rising after quarterly earnings results.
Mark Zuckerberg may see the world through AI-powered Ray-Bans, but Wall Street just sees it through his company’s ad dollars. And while he’s trying to look beyond the feed to a future with talking glasses and immersive virtual worlds, investors are hoping he’ll stick with what his company does best.