Title: British Columbia to Axe US Contracts, Pushing Back in Trade Spat
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 21-01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/british-columbia-axe-us-contracts-210100539.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- British Columbia, Canada’s third-most populous province, directed its agencies and state corporations to ditch US suppliers, extending its retaliation in response to President Donald Trump’s tariffs and threats.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Midtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall Collapse
In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
Helicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple Fatalities
Inside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick Collection
The US administration’s trade policy includes tariffs on automobiles, aluminum and other key exports from Canada. Those import taxes have effectively “ripped up” the trade agreement signed by the US, Mexico and Canada during Trump’s first term, BC Premier David Eby said.
Since Trump has abrogated the trade accord, Eby said, “obviously it creates the opportunity for us to prefer BC and Canadian products without fear of violating the agreement that he has already trampled under his feet,” Eby said at a press conference Thursday.
The provincial government directed ministries, health authorities and core state corporations to review all contracts with US companies, exclude those firms if possible, cancel subscriptions to US publications and non-essential software, avoid non-essential US travel, pause participation in US associations, and develop strategies to reduce dependence on US companies.
Eby said the shift will not incur “dramatic additional costs” and acknowledged it will be difficult to find alternatives for embedded tech providers like Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft Corp.
Trump has ordered an investigation into US imports of lumber, and may try to impose new tariffs on those — which would slam a major BC industry already subject to growing US duties.
The provincial government has a budget that forecasts spending of C$95 billion ($68 billion) during the current fiscal year.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- Five Below Inc. has asked vendors to turn away products waiting for shipment in China before they set off for the US, according to a memo reviewed by Bloomberg. Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionShipping giant A.P
Shares of the tech-giant Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) were plummeting today as the broader market responded negatively to an escalating trade war with China.  Investors are still trying to decipher the impact of 10% tariffs on other countries -- along with 145% on China -- and if higher tariffs are still on the table after President Trump walked back some of the highest ones yesterday.  Additionally, Microsoft investors are likely processing news from yesterday that said the company may be cutting additional jobs next month, as well as its decision to scale back some data center investments.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Stocks Benefiting From Tariff Selloff & Discusses These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Thursday, Jim Cramer […]
DETROIT (Reuters) -A new analysis by the Center for Automotive Research has found that President Donald Trump's 25% auto tariffs imposed in early April will increase costs by about $108 billion for automakers in the U.S. in 2025.  The study, released on Thursday by the Ann Arbor, Michigan-based organization, found Detroit automakers Ford Motor, General Motors and Stellantis, maker of Jeeps and Ram trucks, specifically will see increased costs of $42 billion.  The study found the Detroit Three could see tariffs of nearly $5,000 for the parts they import on average for each car produced in the U.S., and about $8,600 on average for each car they import.
We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best stocks for 15 years. Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated […]
Argentina will be able to tap another $5 billion from China in a deal announced Thursday, easing some pressures on the South American nation's dwindling foreign reserves and underscoring the strategic importance of its partnership with Beijing despite recent criticism from the Trump administration.  The Central Bank of Argentina said the countries had extended their long-standing $18 billion bilateral currency swap for another year, allowing Argentina to get $5 billion more from the People’s Bank of China — worth 35 billion in China's yuan currency, also known as renminbi — until mid-2026.
Amazon has announced an inbound-only less-than-truckload service providing vendors that can’t fill a full trailer with a cheaper option to ship freight to its distribution centers. The post Amazon launches inbound-only LTL service appeared first on FreightWaves.
America's retail giant gives an unexpected major update shocking many.
While American consumers and markets wonder and worry about President Donald Trump's on-again, off-again tariffs, there's one group cheering him as they hope he'll prop up their sinking business: Gulf coast shrimpers.  American shrimpers have been hammered in recent years by cheap imports flooding the U.S. market and restaurants, driving down prices to the point that profits are razor thin or shrimpers are losing money and struggling to stay afloat.  Tariffs, they hope, could level the playing field and help their businesses not just survive but thrive.
Artificial intelligence (AI) stocks delivered healthy gains in 2023 and 2024.  The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite index briefly entered bear territory and is down 15% from its all-time high as of this writing.  The tariff-related turmoil has sent investors into risk-reduction mode as they look to protect their capital amid the economic uncertainty caused by a potential trade war.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
