Title: Get diversified_ 'Mag 7 will no longer be the Mag 7' in 5 years
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 15-30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/diversified-mag-7-no-longer-153000531.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
The "Magnificent Seven" has long since dominated markets (^GSPC, ^IXIC, ^DJI) and investor focus, but that dominance may not last forever. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company chief investment officer Brent Schutte joins Morning Brief to discuss the importance of diversifying investments and the likelihood that new leaders will emerge in the market in the coming years.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.
One thing that has won in the last couple of years, of course, is the MAG 7. If you had to be a buyer or a seller right now, which one would you rather be?
I'd be a diversifier. And so maybe that's way of not answering the question. Look, I know people have concentrated there. I I know that's where the beloved, uh, MAG 7 and those stocks are. But if you look historically, the same seven names don't always dominate every single year. In fact, the top 10 names in the S&P 500 over longer periods of time, just buying those and then holding the next year, has been a losing proposition. Uh, and so to me, I think the market has to broaden out no matter what happens in the next few months, next few quarters. And I think if we're sitting here three or four or five years from now, that the MAG 7 will not longer be the MAG 7. There will be new leadership at top that, and the market cap weighted S&P will also have new leaders at the top. And so that's what I would advise people. It doesn't mean you can't own some of these. Just don't make them your sole holdings, which I I'm afraid so many individual investors are doing.
Microsoft (MSFT) stock fell more than 5% in afternoon trading certainty, with Amazon (AMZN) and the other Magnificent 7 shares also losing ground as investors continued to reassess the fallout from this week’s abrupt tariff pause — and its likely ripple effects across corporate IT spending.
The tech industry tried to cozy up to the Trump Administration in the hopes that it could avoid getting caught in the crossfire of his policy moves. But they couldn't dodge his tariffs.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ​​Stellantis N.V. (NYSE:STLA) stands against other best economic recovery stocks to buy. Economic cycles, as defined by economists, alternate between periods of growth, peak, recession, and recovery, depending on the […]
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after last week's shocking "Liberation Day" announcement. On Wednesday, they got it.
We recently published a list of Long-Term Stock Portfolio: 15 Best Stocks for 15 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best stocks for 15 years. Russell Investments believes that 3 features are defining the market outlook for 2025. These include the elevated […]
Stocks sank and demand for 'safe-haven' assets exploded - gold leaped 3% to a new high and the Swiss franc had one of its best days ever.  Maybe U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff truce on Wednesday wasn't as conciliatory as it first seemed.  Global investors hunker down for volatility even astariff pause is welcomed  3.
We recently published a list of Top 12 Tech Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Ken Fisher. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against other top tech stocks to buy according to Billionaire Ken Fisher. Under the umbrella of Fisher Asset Management, Billionaire […]
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
