Title: This COVID Growth Stock, Down 88% From Its Peak, May Be A Hidden Gem Amid Trump's Tariffs
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 13-53
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/down-88-from-its-peak-this-covid-stock-may-be/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=61df056d-3c38-46fb-ae58-20da1dd2335c&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Trump's tariffs have the capital markets in shambles.
On April 2, the White House published a detailed press release that outlined a host of new tariff policies under the Trump administration. While the president marked his announcements as "Liberation Day," many on Wall Street haven't taken these tariff actions lightly. As the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite levels continue to fall off a cliff, finding opportunities amid this bearish market environment is becoming increasingly arduous for investors.
My guess is that for the time being, the Trump administration is going to be conducting many meetings with foreign officials -- hopefully leading to some more balanced trade negotiations. But until that happens, I would not be surprised to see the capital markets continue to exhibit outsized volatility. Even so, some stocks have likely fallen a bit too dramatically following the initial toll the tariff news had on the markets.
Below, I'm going to explore why the once high-flying growth stock Zoom Communications (ZM -3.09%) could actually be a good buy right now amid the tariff tornado.
The chart below illustrates Zoom's quarterly revenue trends and stock price fluctuations over the last five years. Of note, the grey-shaded column to the left represents the COVID-19 recession.

ZM Revenue (Quarterly) data by YCharts
A clear takeaway from the trends above is that Zoom's sales began to skyrocket during the early phases of the pandemic. This makes sense, as work-from-home protocols became the norm around the world and made video conferencing tools such as Zoom a necessity.
In tandem with its soaring revenue, Zoom stock went parabolic during peak pandemic days -- rising as high as $568 per share. But today, Zoom stock trades for just $69, down 88% from its all-time highs. Moreover, the graph above underscores that demand for Zoom's products has plateaued as employees return to the office and rely less on video conferencing communications post pandemic.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Investing in Zoom doesn't come without some serious consideration. The company's revenue is clearly stalling, competition is on the rise (Microsoft Teams, Cisco Webex, Google Meet), and the product itself is relatively commoditized. Right now, artificial intelligence (AI) is all the rage in the technology realm. And while video conferencing tools can leverage AI in some ways, it's not exactly the most high-profile use case.
With all of that said, many of the most popular AI stocks from the last two years are currently cratering during this prolonged period of market turbulence. Even some of the "Magnificent Seven" stocks such as Nvidia and Tesla are likely going to face some unwelcome headwinds as a result of the new tariff policies.
I will admit that Zoom could be indirectly effected by tariffs as they could lead to inflation, which would take a toll on enterprise IT budgets. However, I think the company is relatively insulated from the tariff hoopla overall. As a software provider, Zoom isn't overly vulnerable to import or export policies as its core products are digital.
Image source: Getty Images.
Over the next several quarters, I suspect many of the fastest-growing businesses in tech are going to show some signs of decelerating sales and margin compression -- much of which will be blamed on tariffs. As a result, I think investors are going to be on the lookout for less-obvious opportunities flying under the radar. Zoom fits this criteria.
While I don't see many reasons for the company's growth profile to suddenly change, I do think Zoom could begin to stand out as a business that's at least showing some levels of consistent growth relative to its peers in the tech realm during an otherwise murky macroeconomic picture. For these reasons, investors looking for alternatives to big tech may find some newfound inspiration in Zoom over the next several months.

ZM PE Ratio (Forward) data by YCharts
At a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) of just 13, Zoom stock is trading at a bargain compared to historical levels. I see Zoom as a stock that's gotten dragged into the ongoing sell-off across the broader market. But given it is a business less susceptible to tariff policies, I think the decline in Zoom's valuation is misplaced.
Investors who are looking for growth opportunities trading at reasonable valuations and less exposed to Trump's tariff policies may want to keep an eye on Zoom stock.



Before you buy stock in Zoom Communications, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Zoom Communications wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


Adam Spatacco has positions in Microsoft, Nvidia, and Tesla. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Cisco Systems, Microsoft, Nvidia, Tesla, and Zoom Communications. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/10/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
