Title: Microsoft Hit by Capex Warnings as Wedbush Slashes Target
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 18-39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-hit-capex-warnings-wedbush-183916625.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) drew analyst attention Thursday after Wedbush Securities flagged rising concerns about the impact of ongoing tariff instability on capital spending. The firm warned that mixed policy signals including a 90-day tariff pause and shifting bond yields are already hurting business confidence.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 1 Warning Sign with MSFT.
Wedbush analyst Dan Ives maintained his Outperform rating on Microsoft but lowered his price target to $475 from $550. He said the ongoing tariff back-and-forth is creating short-term turbulence, particularly for companies with supply chains tied to China. Microsoft's exposure through cloud infrastructure and component costs puts it squarely in the path of this uncertainty, according to the note.
Ives added that the unpredictable environment may push back between 10% to 15% of cloud and artificial intelligence initiatives, with Microsoft's Azure platform at the center of the slowdown. As a result, Wedbush cut estimates for Microsoft's June quarter and full fiscal 2026.
Still, Ives believes investors might overlook short-term weakness if delayed contracts and spending shift to later in the year. He described the June quarter as potentially being treated as a mulligan if activity rebounds in the following quarters.
Microsoft is scheduled to release its next earnings report on April 30. Consensus estimates suggest earnings per share of $3.23 on revenue of $68.51 billion for the quarter.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Stocks Benefiting From Tariff Selloff & Discusses These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Thursday, Jim Cramer […]
(Bloomberg) -- British Columbia, Canada’s third-most populous province, directed its agencies and state corporations to ditch US suppliers, extending its retaliation in response to President Donald Trump’s tariffs and threats.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagant E
Shares of the tech-giant Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) were plummeting today as the broader market responded negatively to an escalating trade war with China.  Investors are still trying to decipher the impact of 10% tariffs on other countries -- along with 145% on China -- and if higher tariffs are still on the table after President Trump walked back some of the highest ones yesterday.  Additionally, Microsoft investors are likely processing news from yesterday that said the company may be cutting additional jobs next month, as well as its decision to scale back some data center investments.
Microsoft (MSFT) stock fell more than 5% in afternoon trading certainty, with Amazon (AMZN) and the other Magnificent 7 shares also losing ground as investors continued to reassess the fallout from this week’s abrupt tariff pause — and its likely ripple effects across corporate IT spending.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
It might not be as much as you think.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
