Can Coca-Cola Stock Help Keep Your Money Safe During a Market Crash_
2025-04-16 08-15
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/16/can-coca-cola-stock-help-keep-your-money-safe-duri/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=cd18f67a-8bff-47df-9ed6-7b52ea425af1&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
The stock market is in turmoil right now, and entering this week, theS&P 500has declined by around 9% since the start of the year. For many investors, especially retirees, capital preservation has been top of mind. How can you keep your savings safe and still be invested in the stock market -- or is that even possible nowadays?
One blue chip stock you may be considering isCoca-Cola(KO-0.19%). Thebeverage companyis known for its robust results and resiliency over the years. Can it be a good investment right now and be a way to help keep your portfolio safe?
A huge advantage Coca-Cola has over other businesses is that it operates all over the world. That gives it flexibility. For example, President Donald Trump recently announced tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. But Coca-Cola CEO James Quincey said that the company could adjust and use other packaging materials, such as plastic, to minimize the impact of those tariffs.
The company also has strongmargins. Last year, Coca-Cola reported $10.6 billion in earnings on sales totaling $47.1 billion, which equates to a profit margin of nearly 23%. Even if there's an increase in costs, the company's strong profit margins put it in an excellent position to continue delivering solid earnings numbers. Coca-Cola, however, hasn't been a fast-growing business recently; from 2022 through 2024, its earnings grew by just 9%.
The last time the stock market was in a prolonged free fall was 2022. Growth stocks cratered amid concerns about rising inflation. Coca-Cola stock, however, proved to be a fairly safe investment at the time. Including its dividend, the stock's total returns were more than 10%, far better than the S&P 500's.

^SPXdata byYCharts
Historically, Coca-Cola has been a low-volatility stock to own, as it has averaged abetaof 0.45, indicating that it doesn't follow the market's swings. For investors seeking safety right now, that can make this an attractive investment. But it's important to remember that the past doesn't predict the future, and while Coca-Cola was able to pass on rising costs to consumers amid high inflation in recent years, it may not be as easy to do that now with many consumers feeling stretched.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is818%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Coca-Cola stock can be a good place to park your money right now. If you just want to collect a good, safe dividend, this can be one of the better investments to consider putting in your portfolio today. Coca-Cola's business is rock solid and isn't going anywhere. It provides a dividend that yields 2.9% and can generate a lot of recurring income for you.
The only downside is that its growth prospects may not be all that strong, but this could still be an ideal stock to own if you're looking to keep your risk low and want some stable dividends.



Before you buy stock inCoca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCoca-Colawasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025


David Jagielskihas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.