Title: The Untold Story of Bank of America
Date: 2025-05-07 11:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/untold-story-bank-america-112656458.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) posted what appeared to be a strong Q1 2025, with 11% year-over-year growth in net income and 18% growth in EPS to $0.90.
Management boasted through 12 consecutive quarters of growth in trading revenues and highlighted a resilient consumer segment. But under the positive story, a complicated story is revealed.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Sign with BAC.
A deep analysis of the finances, specifically around cash flow, margin quality, and business segment variance, hints at structural weakness hiding under the surface-level growth.
Source: Q1 Deck
Initially, BAC produced a clean beat. Revenue rose 6% YoY to $27.4B, with a minor 3% increase in both Net Interest Income (NII) and 10% growth in noninterest income. On closer examination, however, one sees that earnings quality is diminishing. Free cash flow metrics, still hidden from headline coverage, provide a more conservative story. While the EPS did increase by $0.14 YoY, free cash flow is not increasing proportionally, under the strain of a 6% sequential increase in noninterest expenses as well as flattening net charge-off volumes.
Operating income grew only 12% while the credit loss provisioning rose 12% YoY to $1.48B. The net charge-offs continued to be high at $1.45B, flat YoY as well as QoQ, despite the rhetoric from management of "responsible growth" as well as "strong credit quality." Consumer charge-offs rose as credit card delinquencies have risen, with loss rate increasing from 3.79% to 4.05% quarter-on-quarter. That deterioration is contrary to the CEO remark that "consumers have shown resilience."
In addition, the quarter-end reserve build of $28M reversed a release from the previous quarter, quietly reflecting increasing credit stress under the surface. This reserve pattern, combined with worsening deposit cost dynamics (i.e., increasing cost of deposits within GWIM and Global Banking up to 2.50% and 2.89%, respectively), indicates forward-looking margin compression risks regardless of healthy short-term EPS.
Source: Q1 Deck
BAC's story of diversified resilience falls apart upon analyzing segment-level trends. For example, Global Markets revenue jumped 12% YoY (the best level in a decade), while its efficiency ratio declined from 59% a year ago to 58%. This means gains were accompanied by higher costs rather than higher productivity. Growth of trading and sales, especially record Equities revenue of +17% YoY, overwhelmed the flatness of investment banking (down 3% YoY) as well as business lending (down 13% YoY).
In Consumer Banking, revenues ascended 3% YoY to $10.5B, though its net income actually declined by 5% to $2.53B. The decline was fueled by a 6% rise in costs as well as a 12% rise of credit loss provisions. The risk-adjusted margin of the segment declined to 6.68%, lowest they have seen since 2022, even as the company is celebrating 250,000 new checking accounts.
Global Wealth and Investment Management (GWIM) reported an 8% growth in revenues and a 15% gain in AUM fee revenues, thanks to market appreciation. Yet, net income remained steady YoY, as costs kept up with revenues by growing +9% YoY. Although AUM flows remained healthy ($24B for Q1), costs of deposits went up to 2.50%, while deposits declined by 4% YoY, reflecting customers moving out of cash for higher yields elsewhere.
Global Banking, traditionally a volume anchor, reported flat revenues along with a 3% fall in investment banking fees YoY. While treasury service charges rose by 14% and deposits grew well (+9% YoY), they were offset by weaker NII and subdued business lending.
Source: Q1 Deck
At face value, BAC's strategy is still all about "Responsible Growth," digital growth, as well as fee income volume scaling. But some of the recent trends do cast doubt as to whether the bank is on the attack or defense. An example: Consumer Banking registered a 17% YoY gain in digital logons and now accounts for 65% of its sales through digital venues. Impressive, perhaps, but accompanied by slowing foot traffic (financial centers dropped to 3,681 from 3,804) as well as credit card balances leveling off ($100.2B vs. $100.9B in Q4).
Correspondingly, the bank boasted of adding 7,200 new GWIM client relationships, though overall client balances sequentially fell from $4.25T to $4.16T, and deposits lost $11B YoY. The digital push is actually a channel-optimization tactic instead of actual economic activity expansion. Even Zelle payment volumes, up 23% YoY, are not likely to positively impact the bottom line.
One of the indicators of defensiveness is reserve behavior by BAC. In the face of steady charge-offs, the choice of building reserves instead of releasing them indicates forward-looking worries, perhaps relating to consumer credit fundamentals or commercial real estate. The commentary by the company's management recognized "a potentially changing economy," backpedaling from its otherwise optimistic tone.
Source: federalreserve.gov
At ~$37 a share, BAC is trading around 10.2x forward earnings and 1.37x tangible book value. On the surface, that looks reasonable by historical standards, but further scrutiny calls into question whether current multiples are reflective of underlying risks. Free cash flow yield, normalized for reserve builds and higher costs, compresses to ~7%, reflecting low margin of safety.
Peer group comparisons uncover the discrepancy. JPMorgan is trading at a modest premium (~1.5 times TBV) with higher return on tangible common equity (ROTCE of 19% compared with 13.9% for BAC) and higher quality fee franchise. BAC's ROTCE was lifted by share buybacks ($4.5B) during the quarter, hiding the fact that pretax pre-provision income rose by only 12% YoY, a lower growth compared with the growth of its EPS on the back of tax and capital efficiency.
One other red flag is NII guidance. Q4 2025 NII is guided by management for $15.5B$15.7B, reflecting only 7.5% sequential growth over the subsequent three quarters. With only 3% YoY growth Q1 NII and asset sensitivity reducing (a 100bps parallel shift down detracts from NII by $2.2B), the upside seems restricted, particularly within a lower-rate scenario.
 
Warren Buffett (Trades, Portfolio) and the departed Charlie Munger both have stood behind Bank of America in earnest, with Buffett through Berkshire Hathaways multi-billion-dollar investment and Munger through the Daily Journal Corp (Trades, Portfolio)orations historically concentrated stake. Their support confirms the long-term strength of the franchise, specifically its scale of deposits and built-in earnings power.
However, even as the banks underlying value remains secure, a deep examination of its most recent earnings leaves the impression that the medium-term might not be as straightforward. Increasing charge-offs, pressure on efficiency, and tepid loan growth are signs that the next-term performance might differ from the ease of compounding the headline results might suggest. For institutional investors taking a cue from Buffett and Munger, the question isnt anymore whether Bank of America is a solid bank, or whether todays price tracks sufficient skepticism about the future.
In short, Bank of America Q1 2025 earnings are strong on the face of it, but under forensic examination, there are material disconnections between cash flow integrity, segment profitability, and strategic positioning. Investors need to look past headline EPS and analyze underlying credit trends, funding cost structures, and NII guidance credibility to formulate a balanced risk-reward assessment.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best Growth Stocks Under $10 to Buy Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (NASDAQ:WBD) stands against the other growth stocks under $10. Growth stocks refer to companies that grow their earnings and revenues at rates much […]
Despite a customer-centric business model, VZ appears to be treading in the middle of the road, and investors could be better off if they trade with caution.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where AppLovin Corporation (NASDAQ:APP) stands against Billionaire Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater’s other stock picks with huge upside potential. Up until February 18, 2025, the stock market seemed poised […]
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.