Title: Stock market’s extreme moves portend lasting trouble for traders
Date: 2025-04-14 09:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-extreme-moves-portend-093000798.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — A knee-jerk reaction to President Donald Trump’s 90-day pause on broad tariffs propelled US stocks to one of their best days on record last week. Ironically, that could be a harbinger of tough times for equity investors.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Inside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick Collection
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
The S&P 500 Index’s best days in history have usually preceded weaker-than-average returns in the near term. Following its 15 largest daily gains, the US stock benchmark was higher six months later just 43% of the time, Bloomberg Intelligence data going back to 1928 show. That’s lower than the 67% probability on any given day that the S&P 500 (^GSPC) will advance over the subsequent half year.
These “head fakes” happen frequently in market downturns, said Dave Mazza, chief executive officer at Roundhill Investments.
Indeed, such moves were only seen during past economic crises. Of the S&P’s best 15 days, two occurred during the pandemic in 2020, two in the 2008 global financial crisis, one amid the Black Monday rout of 1987 and nine across the Great Depression between 1929 and 1933.
The 9.5% advance in stocks on April 9 tied for the eighth-best day ever for the S&P 500, according to an analysis led by BI strategists Gina Martin Adams and Michael Casper. It came after Trump said he would hold off on some of the harshest reciprocal tariffs, hurling shares toward their largest upswing in 17 years. That jump helped US equities notch their best week since late 2023.
The biggest Wall Street firms have highlighted how difficult it has been to predict the trajectory for equities. Barclay’s Plc’s Venu Krishna said the dramatic volatility leaves little confidence in any pricing now, while JPMorgan Chase & Co.s (JPM) Dubravko Lakos-Bujas indicated that forecasting in the current environment is a challenge and leaves a wide range of outcomes, all contingent on trade policy.
The next big hurdle for investors is first-quarter earnings, which kicked off Friday with big banks including JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley (MS). Analysts are warning that companies are flying blind through the trade war turbulence, forcing them to withdraw their outlooks and causing further market swings.
Wall Street has been quick to dismiss last week’s record-breaking session, noting that the jump was the result of hedge funds forced to rapidly close out bearish positions, and algorithmic trading strategies picking up on tariff headlines.
It was “the mother of all short squeezes,” said Frank Monkam, head of macro trading at Buffalo Bayou Commodities.
The rally was not driven by a positive shift in sentiment from investors, said Stuart Kaiser, head of equity trading strategy at Citigroup Inc. (C)“The risk that tariffs stay in place and China retaliating again make it hard to chase a rally, so there is a bit of a buyers’ strike unless or until we get to levels where those risks are more fully priced,” he added.
Bank of America Corp.’s (BAC) Michael Hartnett urged investors Friday to sell any rallies in the S&P 500 until the Federal Reserve steps in — something policymakers so far have said they’re not ready to do — and the US and China de-escalate the global trade war. On Friday, Beijing hiked tariffs on all US goods to 125%, mirroring a move by the White House that pushed levies on Chinese imports to the same level, on top of an existing 20% tax.
“The reality of the matter is, a 90-day postponement of the tariff deadline ushers in another three months of dark macro clouds for markets,” said Monkam.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        

(Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. has managed to dodge its biggest crisis since the pandemic — for the moment, at least.
When a group of Harvard Business School students visited Italy's Monte dei Paschi di Siena in January, they gathered notes to build a case study on how to turn around a bank.  The strength of that case may now depend on whether shareholders on Thursday approve CEO Luigi Lovaglio's surprise 12-billion-euro ($13.6 billion) hostile takeover offer for rival Mediobanca, made just days after the student visit.  Advisory group Institutional Shareholder Services has urged shareholders to reject the plan as it leaves "little margin for error", while rival Glass Lewis is in favour, saying Lovaglio's track record provides guarantees for shareholders.
Global stocks are rallying Monday after President Donald Trump temporarily exempted smartphones, computers, and semiconductors from his "reciprocal" tariffs.
(Bloomberg) -- The equity market’s liquidity has deteriorated sharply in the last few weeks, contributing to a spike in volatility as tariff worries rocked markets, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageSud
NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks ended higher on Monday, with Apple giving the S&P 500 its biggest boost as the White House exempted smartphones and computers from new tariffs.  Uncertainty over future tariffs kept a lid on optimism, with the main indexes finishing off their highs of the day.  Investors remain worried about how companies will manage supply chains as more changes are expected on the tariff front.
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) will release its first-quarter financial results before the opening bell on Tuesday, April 15. Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at 82 cents per share, up from 76 cents per share in the year-ago period. Bank of America projects quarterly revenue of $26.91 billion, compared to $25.82 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. On April 7, Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck upgraded Bank of America from Equal-Weight to O
We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coherent Corp. (NYSE:COHR) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due […]
Analysts lowered earnings forecasts to account for tariffs and a weakening economy while economists slash GDP estimates.
Goldman Sachs is the latest big bank to report that increased trading fueled its quarterly profit.
Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.