Title: DoorDash, eToro fuel hopes for a dealmaking thaw in May
Date: 2025-05-07 08:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/doordash-etoro-fuel-hopes-for-a-dealmaking-thaw-in-may-080016886.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Online brokerage eToro (ETTO.PVT) was among the firms that paused IPO plans in the days following President Trump’s "Liberation Day" tariff announcement, but on Monday, those plans came back off the shelf as the trading site filed plans to go public.
It was one of several announcements this week that buoyed hopes that IPO and M&A dealmaking could be thawing in May after a wrenching month of uncertainty in April.
Food delivery app DoorDash (DASH) on Tuesday announced two acquisitions worth approximately $5 billion: UK food delivery app Deliveroo for $3.9 billion and New York food tech company SevenRooms for about $1.2 billion.
That followed $30 billion worth of deals announced on Monday, including a $9.1 billion agreement for US gas station operator Sunoco (SUN) to buy Canadian gas company Parkland Corporation (PKI.TO). Footwear maker Skechers (SKX) also unveiled plans to be taken private by 3G Capital for roughly $9.4 billion.
“We are cautiously optimistic we’ll see a pickup in deal activity given market volatility continues to ease,” said Ivan Farman, co-head of Global M&A at Bank of America.
"Probably more optimistic for the second half of the year,” he added. Farman cited clarity around potential tax changes and deregulatory initiatives from the current administration as "tailwinds" for deals later this year.
What helps in the meantime is that stocks have snapped back after April's "Liberation Day" rout and strong first quarter earnings reports from Meta (META), Alphabet (GOOGL), and Microsoft (MSFT) in the past two weeks have also eased some investor fears.
There is also increasing talk in Washington, D.C., about trade deals with many of America’s trading partners, which would give companies more certainty about their future plans.
Apollo Global Management (APO) CEO Marc Rowan told Yahoo Finance this week that his firm sees “uncertainty” among the companies that comprise Apollo’s vast portfolio. (Disclosure: Yahoo Finance is owned by Apollo Global Management.)
“When you don't know what the rules of the game are, you stop investing, you stop hiring, you stop making moves."
Certainly, any widespread dealmaking revival still has a ways to go. The volume of announced US mergers and acquisitions as measured in dollar value fell 5% for the year through May 6 when compared with the same period last year, according to Dealogic data.
And the number of deals being made by US companies so far this year — 3,047 — is at the lowest pace since 2009.
What’s more, more than half of the companies that planned to go public this summer have pushed back their plans to the fall, according to Matthew Kennedy, a senior strategist for Renaissance Capital.
The majority of the rest are "playing it by ear," while a small contingent, “maybe 10%,” are moving forward no matter what, Kennedy said.
Compared to the same period from past years, the total value of US IPOs year to date was down 33% to $9.3 billion, according to LSEG data. That figure was well below the IPO market’s historical average.
“We’re starting to see some companies that had been planning on going public this summer who are willing to take a valuation hit start to move forward,” Kennedy added.
David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
We have published an article titled Billionaire Richard Chilton’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CDW Corporation (NASDAQ:CDW) stands against Richard Chilton’s other stock picks. Richard Chilton is a veteran investor and the founder of Chilton Investment Company, a long-standing and respected name […]
We have published an article titled Billionaire Richard Chilton’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Five Below, Inc. (NASDAQ:FIVE) stands against Richard Chilton’s other stock picks. Richard Chilton is a veteran investor and the founder of Chilton Investment Company, a long-standing and respected […]
We have published an article titled Billionaire Richard Chilton’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE:TMO) stands against Richard Chilton’s other stock picks. Richard Chilton is a veteran investor and the founder of Chilton Investment Company, a long-standing and […]
Nvidia dominates the artificial intelligence (AI) chip market, resulting in soaring revenue in recent quarters.  Investors have worried about how upcoming U.S. tariffs on imports may hurt the economy -- and demand for Nvidia’s products.  Nvidia's (NASDAQ: NVDA) earnings have soared quarter after quarter thanks to the great demand for its artificial intelligence (AI) products and services.
The rush to cut interest rates at major central banks slowed to a trickle in April, as policymakers faced uncertainty on the outlook for economic growth and inflation in the wake of escalating trade tensions.  Rate setters in Australia, Japan and Canada left benchmarks unchanged, while central banks in Sweden, Switzerland, Norway, Britain and the United States did not meet in April.  In February, half of the G10 central banks cut interest rates.
We have published an article titled Billionaire Richard Chilton’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against Richard Chilton’s other stock picks. Richard Chilton is a veteran investor and the founder of Chilton Investment Company, a long-standing and respected name […]
We recently published a list of Here’s What Fueled These 10 Firms’ Surge. In this article, we are going to take a look at where New Gold Inc. (NYSEAMERICAN:NGD) stands against other Tuesday’s best-performing stocks. The stock market ended the trading session in the red on Tuesday, with all major indices giving up earlier gains, […]
Uber reported mixed first quarter results but forecast a strong current quarter outlook, indicating its business was still going strong in light of concerns about the overall economy.
Talk about tariffs on services raises an additional concern for the company, although its decentralized structure could help it avoid higher costs, executives said.
Shiba Inu delivered one of the best gains in the history of the financial markets in 2021.  Shiba Inu found new life in 2024 when President Trump was elected, as he promised a series of pro-crypto policies.  2024 was a great year for cryptocurrencies, with the total value of all coins and tokens soaring to an all-time high of $3.9 trillion shortly after President Trump was elected in November.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.