Title: China Keeps Adding Gold to Reserves as Challenges Stack Up
Date: 2025-05-07 11:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-keeps-adding-gold-reserves-082921060.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) — China expanded its gold (GC=F) reserves for a sixth straight month in April, underlining its push to boost holdings of the precious metal as prices trade near a record and the trade war rumbles on. Most Read from Bloomberg The Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance Center NYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee Law Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future NJ Transit Strike Would Be ‘Disaster’ for Region, Sherrill Says Bullion held by the People’s Bank of China rose by about 70,000 troy ounces last month, according to data on Wednesday. In the latest six-month span, volumes have climbed by close to 1 million ounces, or about 30 tons. Gold has rallied to successive records this year, supported by concerted central-bank buying as authorities seek to diversify holdings away from the US dollar. Bullion’s upswing — with prices up nearly 30% higher this year — has also been aided by rising investment demand as the US-led trade war unsettles financial markets, raises concern about US assets, and drives haven demand. In China, there have been signs investors are piling into gold, with volumes on the Shanghai Futures Exchange surging to a record in recent weeks. The voracious onshore appetite has also seen the PBOC issuing fresh quotas for commercial banks to import bullion. At the same time, the Chinese authorities have moved to shore up support for the economy, and set the stage for trade talks with senior US officials later this week. On Wednesday, Beijing reduced its policy rate and lowered the amount of cash lenders must keep in reserve, highlighting efforts to buttress growth. Central banks have increased their gold purchases roughly five-fold since 2022, after a freeze on Russian reserves, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which has been among the most vocal bullion bulls in recent months. The trend is likely “a structural shift in reserve-management behavior, and we do not expect a near-term reversal,” analysts said in a March note. At that time, the bank estimated that the PBOC held around 8% of its reserves in gold, below the global average of about 20%, and also far lower than the elevated share seen in some developed economies. If Beijing were targeting an allocation of 20%, and maintained an average pace of about 40 tons a month, it would take about three years to reach a that level, the analysts said. “The modest volumes bought over the last few months suggest that while they are buyers, they will only do so if the price is attractive,” said Ross Norman, chief executive officer at Metals Daily. “Likely we will see ongoing purchases of gold by PBoC, as they scale back on US dollar denominated assets such as Treasuries.” —With assistance from Jack Ryan. (Updates with comment from CEO of Metals Daily in last paragraph) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump Why Juggling IVF With Work Can Be a Career Killer ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. We recently published a list of Billionaire Chris Hohn’s 8 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Canadian National Railway Company (NYSE:CNI) stands against other Billionaire Chris Hohn’s stock picks with huge upside potential. The Children’s Investment Fund Management, also known as TCI Fund Management, […] Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) provides a range of financial services for corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals in the U.S. and internationally. If You Bought Goldman Sachs Stock 10 Years Ago The company's stock traded at ... While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.