Title: White Men in the Minority as US Boardrooms Enter New Era
Date: 2025-05-08 12:48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/white-men-minority-us-boardrooms-110028272.html?.tsrc=rss

(Bloomberg) -- White men no longer make up the majority of board seats at the largest US companies, a historic shift reflecting decades of pressure to diversify the upper ranks of corporate leadership. Most Read from Bloomberg Is Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic? Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future As Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of Rights For the first time, women and non-White men hold just over half, or 50.2%, of the more than 5,500 board seats at S&P 500 companies, according to data compiled for Bloomberg by ISS-Corporate. That compares with five years ago when White men accounted for almost 60% of the directorships. The question now is whether the shift is a short-term blip or becomes an embedded adjustment in the makeup of the people who oversee companies. The milestone also comes as political and legal attacks on diversity, equity and inclusion efforts are intensifying. President Donald Trump has purged DEI from the federal government and his agency chiefs are threatening to take action against companies, including Comcast Corp. and Walt Disney Co. At the same time, legal strategists such as Edward Blum are suing companies to get them to drop DEI programs, while anti-DEI activist Robby Starbuck has pressured more than a dozen large companies to roll back their diversity programs, arguing that they may discriminate against White men. “It’s amazing that the shift in boards is occurring at the same time DEI is being dismantled in lots of organizations,” said David Larcker, a professor who studies corporate governance at Stanford Graduate School of Business. “This sets up an interesting experiment: As the White male majority on the board is disappearing, will you see similar changes in the rest of the organization?” Larcker is referring to the fact that upper management remains disproportionately White and male. Still, the holy grail for diversity advocates has been the tipping point at which women and people of color are able to match the voting power of White men in the boardroom. Based on the data, that moment happened last year, said Jun Frank, global head of compensation and governance advisory at ISS-Corporate. White men are now a minority at about 57% of company boards. The ISS-Corporate research also shows that White men are in the minority among chairs of key board committees that help pick new directors and chief executive officers, as well as set compensation. In another sign of board changes, more than a dozen S&P 500 companies currently have boards that are majority-led by women, including Coca-Cola Co., Cooper Cos. and Williams-Sonoma Inc., according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Demographic changes inside boardrooms got a push in 2019 when California passed a law calling for a minimum number of women on boards. The following year, in the aftermath of the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer, brought international attention to the Black Lives Matter movement and corresponding adoption of DEI initiatives by many US companies. What followed was a string of initiatives. Goldman Sachs Group Inc., a leading investment bank, said it would no longer underwrite initial public offerings for companies unless they had diverse boards. Nasdaq Inc. said it would require listed companies to show they had diverse boards or explain why they didn’t. The largest US asset managers, including BlackRock Inc. and State Street Corp., withheld votes for directors on boards that lacked diversity, and influential proxy advisers such as Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. pressed investors to consider diversity-related issues when casting ballots. ISS-Corporate is a subsidiary of Institutional Shareholder Services. Then the backlash began. The California board quota law was overturned in 2022 as unconstitutional. Late last year, Nasdaq said it was eliminating the diversity-reporting requirement after an adverse legal decision. This year, Goldman ended the IPO restriction and BlackRock, State Street and Institutional Shareholder Services removed language encouraging board diversity after Trump issued orders to root out what he calls “illegal DEI.” Despite the recent animosity, women account for 34% of the board seats at S&P 500 companies, Bloomberg data shows. Black directors have about 12% of the seats, becoming the first underrepresented group to reach a level similar to their share of the broader US population, ISS-Corporate reported. By contrast, Hispanic directors, at about 6% of seats, remain far below their estimated 18% share of the population. White men occupy about 49% of the S&P 500 board seats. That compares with US Census data showing that White men currently make up about 30% of the US population and about 39% of the workforce, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The US Census projects that the non-White population will become the majority of the country by about 2040. White people will still be the largest single group, followed by the Hispanic population. The Black population is projected to hold steady, according to US Census estimates. It’s difficult to predict how the shift in director demographics will play out in the boardroom, said Michelle Duguid, an associate professor at the Cornell SC Johnson College of Business, who studies organizational behavior and group dynamics, particularly how social status and power influence decision-making in groups. The most likely outcome is that because women and men of color currently have majority control over S&P 500 boards, they will have more influence than in the past over who gets considered for future board seats, Duguid said. It’s less clear what it will mean for day-to-day operations at the companies, she said. A diverse board means that a variety of viewpoints will get consideration, but the goal always centers on achieving the best fiscal outcome for the company, said Deborah Wahl, a former top marketer at General Motors Co. and McDonald’s Inc. and a current director at First American Financial Corp. “Having a diverse group of people doesn’t guarantee one set of outcomes,” Wahl said. “The priority of board members is to make sure that they’re protecting the company and looking out for shareholder interest.” --With assistance from Alexandre Tanzi. (Adds information about committee chairs in the seventh paragraph. An earlier version was corrected to say legal strategists instead of lawyers.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China Maybe AI Slop Is Killing the Internet, After All Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Artificial intelligence (AI) stocks have been treading water in recent months over fears of slowing AI adoption. AMD just put those concerns to rest. LONDON (Reuters) -Britain's digital services tax, imposed on U.S. companies like Amazon, Google and Meta, will not be changed under the terms of the trade deal agreed between the two countries on Thursday, the British government said.  U.S. President Donald Trump has been strongly critical of digital services taxes, which have been introduced by around 20 countries, saying they were "designed to plunder American companies".  Britain's tax is levied at 2% of the revenue earned by big tech companies in the country. BMW is navigating the fog of tariffs differently —including making an assumption they will partially lift.  The German carmaker reiterated Wednesday expectations for its 2025 financial performance that it first laid out in mid-March.  BMW shares rose in Frankfurt, though that also reflected the company's better-than-expected first-quarter results. The United States said on Thursday Britain would purchase $10 billion of Boeing jets and industry sources said British Airways owner IAG would also buy some 30 jets from Europe's Airbus in a fleet expansion split between transatlantic rivals.  U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick revealed the U.S. part of the jet order on Thursday during the announcement of a bilateral trade deal between Britain and the United States. Walgreens (WBA) reported earnings 30 days ago. What's next for the stock? We take a look at earnings estimates for some clues. The higher prices will apply to 2025 models of the Maverick, Bronco Sport and Mach-E built after May 2. Influential proxy advisory firms recommended divergent paths for  Harley-Davidson  investors ahead of a shareholder vote that could shape the motorcycle maker’s future.  ISS said in a report this week that an activist investor, H Partners, hasn’t made a compelling case to remove three members of Harley’s board, each of whom has served for at least 17 years.  Another firm, Glass Lewis, reached a different conclusion. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.