Title: Hedge Fund Millennium in talks with Goldman's Petershill Partners on stake sale, FT reports
Date: 2025-05-07 20:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hedge-fund-millennium-talks-goldmans-202908349.html?.tsrc=rss

(Reuters) -Hedge fund Millennium Management is in talks with Goldman Sachs' Petershill Partners to identify potential buyers for a minority stake in its management company, the Financial Times reported on Wednesday. Potential buyers could include some of Millennium's largest investors, the FT reported, citing people familiar with the matter. However, Millennium might ultimately decide not to work with Petershill, the FT added. In November, Reuters reported that BlackRock was in early-stage talks with Millennium Management about a strategic tie-up that could involve acquiring a minority stake in the hedge fund. Petershill, which is operated by Goldman Sachs, invests in minority stakes in hedge funds and private equity firms. Millennium Management, founded by Israel Englander, is one of the world's largest hedge funds, with more than $73 billion in assets under management. Goldman Sachs declined to comment and Millennium did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. (Reporting by Jaiveer Singh Shekhawat in Bengaluru; Editing by Mohammed Safi Shamsi) We recently published a list of Billionaire Mario Gabelli’s 10 Large-Cap Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) stands against Billionaire Mario Gabelli’s other large-cap stock picks with huge upside potential. Mario Gabelli needs no introduction, having risen to […] OXY reports better-than-expected first-quarter earnings. The company benefits from higher domestic realized commodity prices. SANTIAGO (Reuters) -Amazon's cloud computing division will invest $4 billion to build its first data centers and other cloud infrastructure in Chile, the company's head of South Latin America told Reuters.  Amazon Web Services (AWS) expects the cloud region, its third in Latin America after Brazil and Mexico, to be operational by the second half of 2026. (Bloomberg) -- White men no longer make up the majority of board seats at the largest US companies, a historic shift reflecting decades of pressure to diversify the upper ranks of corporate leadership.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsFor the first time, women and non-White m (Bloomberg) -- Amtrak is cutting roughly 20% of its top-level management staff in an effort to reduce costs amid uncertainty about President Donald Trump’s plans to invest in infrastructure, according to people familiar with the matter.Most Read from BloombergThe Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance CenterVail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?The national pa Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) provides a range of financial services for corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals in the U.S. and internationally. If You Bought Goldman Sachs Stock 10 Years Ago The company's stock traded at ... My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...