Title: Is Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) The Best American Tech Stock To Buy Now?
Date: 2025-04-15 20:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-googl-best-american-205202510.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against the other American tech stocks.
American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies getting a break from President Trump’s tariffs. The S&P 500 rose by 0.8%, the tech-heavy Nasdaq rose by 0.6%, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average increased by about 0.7%.
READ ALSO: 11 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy Now and 10 Best Stocks Under $10 to Buy Now.
In recent days, President Trump and his advisers have given mixed signals on the future of tariffs on China and on specific industries. Over the weekend, big American tech companies scored a victory when it was revealed that the US had not put tariffs on smartphones, computers, and other consumer electronics.
However, on Sunday, US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick stated that these electronics would soon be covered under new tariffs, which would be different from those imposed on specific countries. President Trump also posted on social media that there would be “no exception” for these products. He also said that the government is looking at semiconductors and the entire electronics supply chain in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations.
Last week was the best week for the major indexes since at least 2023. However, with all this uncertainty, Wall Street is getting ready for another week of potential tariff-fueled ups and downs.
To compile our list of the 14 best American tech stocks to buy now, we used stock screeners from Finviz and Yahoo Finance to find the largest American technology companies. We sorted our results based on market capitalization and picked the top 30 American stocks. Next, we focused on the 14 stocks most favored by institutional investors. Data for the hedge fund sentiment surrounding each stock was taken from Insider Monkey’s Q4 2024 database of more than 1,000 elite hedge funds. Finally, the 14 best American tech stocks to buy now were ranked in ascending order based on the number of hedge funds holding stakes in them as of Q4 2024.
Why do we care about what hedge funds do? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter's strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A user's hands typing a search query into a Google Search box, emphasizing the company's search capabilities.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 234
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is an American multinational technology conglomerate holding company that owns a collection of companies, the largest of which is Google. The company’s products and platforms include Search, Ads, Chrome, Cloud, YouTube, and Android. These are used by billions of people around the world. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ranks among the best American stocks to buy in the tech sector.
In March 2025, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced that Google has entered into an agreement to acquire Wiz, Inc., a leading cloud security platform for $32 billion. Wiz will become part of Google Cloud and this move is aimed at accelerating large and growing trends in the AI era, more particularly cloud security and the ability to use multiple clouds. Wiz delivers an easy-to-use security platform that connects to all major clouds and code environments to help organizations of all sizes prevent cybersecurity incidents. Wiz continues to deliver new products with strong adoption and has begun to deliver new categories of cybersecurity solutions over the past 12 months. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) can greatly benefit from this acquisition and strengthen Google Cloud’s position in the fast-growing cybersecurity and cloud computing sectors.
Overall, GOOGL ranks 4th on our list of the best American tech stocks to buy now. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOGL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
