Title: Big banks report Q1 beats, China stops taking Boeing deliveries: Morning Buzz
Date: 2025-04-16 15:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/big-banks-report-q1-beats-155936913.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
The major averages were fractionally higher near noon, adding slightly to yesterday’s gains as investors reacted to fresh headlines on U.S.-China trade tensions and a new round of corporate earnings. Markets are attempting to stabilize after a rocky stretch, but much of the tone is being shaped by President Trump’s latest tariff decisions. After last week’s escalation, he’s now backing off slightly, offering temporary relief on key consumer electronics and signaling possible concessions for the auto sector.
Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter with Top Smart Score Stocks.
Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities using  Tipranks' Stock Screener.
Looking to commodities, gold shares are up marginally, still hovering above the $3,200 threshold. Meanwhile, oil prices are lower, but only fractionally.
Get caught up quickly on the top news and calls moving stocks with these five Top Five lists.
1. STOCK NEWS: 
Bank of America (BAC) reported better-than-expected Q1 results, with the company saying it grew commercial loans in every line of business in the quarter
Citi (C) reported upbeat Q1 earnings and revenue and provided revenue guidance for FY25
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) reported better-than-expected Q1 results, raised its FY25 operational sales outlook, and increased its quarterly dividend about 5%
Lowe’s (LOW) agreed to acquire Artisan Design Group for $1.325B
China has ordered airlines to halt further deliveries of Boeing (BA) jets, Bloomberg reports
2. WALL STREET CALLS:
General Motors (GM) downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays
HubSpot (HUBS) upgraded to Buy from Neutral at UBS
PepsiCo (PEP) downgraded to Neutral at BofA on slower snacks growth
Nike (NKE) initiated with neutral view at Berenberg, here’s why
Benchmark starts “dominant regional leader” MercadoLibre (MELI) with a Buy
3. AROUND THE WEB: 
Elliott Investment Management has built a large position worth more than $1.5B in HP Enterprise (HPE), Bloomberg says
Honda (HMC) is considering plans to relocate the production of models to the U.S. from Mexico and Canada in response to an additional 25% tariff imposed by the Trump Administration, Nikkei reports
AMD (AMD) CEO says the company plans to build more AI servers in U.S., Bloomberg says
LVMH (LVMUY) is considering moving some of its manufacturing to the U.S. amid Donald Trump’s tariff threats, Business Insider says
According to people who attended Netflix’s (NFLX) annual business review meeting last month, the company aims to reach a $1T market capitalization and double its revenue by 2030, WSJ reports
4. MOVERS:
Rezolve AI (RZLV) increases after securing a $9.8M annual contract with Liverpool Mexico
Eos Energy (EOSE) gains after signing a MOU with Frontier Power
Rocket Pharmaceuticals (RCKT) higher after its CEO bought $101.6K of the company’s stock
Allegro MicroSystems (ALGM) lower after On Semi (ON) withdrew its proposal to acquire the company
Applied Digital (APLD) falls after reporting quarterly results
5. EARNINGS/GUIDANCE:
PNC Financial (PNC) reported Q1 results, reaffirmed its FY25 guidance, and provided its outlook for Q2
Cryo-Cell (CCEL) reported Q1 results, with EPS lower year-over-year
908 Devices (MASS) reported preliminary Q1 results
Albertsons (ACI) reported Q4 results, with CEO Vivek Sankaran commenting on the “solid results in the fourth quarter”
WaFd (WAFD) reported Q1 results, with EPS beating consensus
INDEXES: 
Near midday, the Dow was up 0.16%, or 66.31, to 40,591.10, the Nasdaq was up 0.26%, or 43.91, to 16,875.40, and the S&P 500 was up 0.29%, or 15.74, to 5,421.71.
Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>>
See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >>
Read More on GM:
Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue
Trump Trade: Carmakers may see tariff relief, China halts Boeing deliveries
Nike initiated, GM downgraded: Wall Street’s top analyst calls
Wedbush says auto tariffs potential delay ‘good news for Detroit Big 3, Tesla’
What to Know About Jeff Bezos’ Secret EV Startup Slate Auto
Toyota Stock Surges as Trump Floats Tariff Reprieve
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
