Title: Can Pfizer (PFE) Climb 25.14% to Reach the Level Wall Street Analysts Expect?
Date: 2025-05-08 13:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-pfe-climb-25-14-135508966.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Pfizer (PFE) closed the last trading session at $22.79, gaining 1.3% over the past four weeks, but there could be plenty of upside left in the stock if short-term price targets set by Wall Street analysts are any guide. The mean price target of $28.52 indicates a 25.1% upside potential.
The average comprises 21 short-term price targets ranging from a low of $23 to a high of $35, with a standard deviation of $3.16. While the lowest estimate indicates an increase of 0.9% from the current price level, the most optimistic estimate points to a 53.6% upside. More than the range, one should note the standard deviation here, as it helps understand the variability of the estimates. The smaller the standard deviation, the greater the agreement among analysts.
While the consensus price target is highly sought after by investors, the ability and unbiasedness of analysts in setting price targets have long been questionable. And investors making investment decisions solely based on this tool would arguably do themselves a disservice.
However, an impressive consensus price target is not the only factor that indicates a potential upside in PFE. This view is strengthened by the agreement among analysts that the company will report better earnings than what they estimated earlier. Though a positive trend in earnings estimate revisions doesn't give any idea as to how much the stock could surge, it has proven effective in predicting an upside.
According to researchers at several universities across the globe, a price target is one of many pieces of information about a stock that misleads investors far more often than it guides. In fact, empirical research shows that price targets set by several analysts, irrespective of the extent of agreement, rarely indicate where the price of a stock could actually be heading.
While Wall Street analysts have deep knowledge of a company's fundamentals and the sensitivity of its business to economic and industry issues, many of them tend to set overly optimistic price targets. Are you wondering why?
They usually do that to drum up interest in shares of companies that their firms either have existing business relationships with or are looking to be associated with. In other words, business incentives of firms covering a stock often result in inflated price targets set by analysts.
However, a tight clustering of price targets, which is represented by a low standard deviation, indicates that analysts have a high degree of agreement about the direction and magnitude of a stock's price movement. While that doesn't necessarily mean the stock will hit the average price target, it could be a good starting point for further research aimed at identifying the potential fundamental driving forces.
That said, while investors should not entirely ignore price targets, making an investment decision solely based on them could lead to disappointing ROI. So, price targets should always be treated with a high degree of skepticism.
There has been increasing optimism among analysts lately about the company's earnings prospects, as indicated by strong agreement among them in revising EPS estimates higher. And that could be a legitimate reason to expect an upside in the stock. After all, empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements.
Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year has increased 3.2%, as five estimates have moved higher compared to no negative revision.
Moreover, PFE currently has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), which means it is in the top 20% of more than the 4,000 stocks that we rank based on four factors related to earnings estimates. Given an impressive externally-audited track record, this is a more conclusive indication of the stock's potential upside in the near term. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>
Therefore, while the consensus price target may not be a reliable indicator of how much PFE could gain, the direction of price movement it implies does appear to be a good guide.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Starbucks just delivered an uninspiring fiscal second-quarter report.  While its new CEO -- poached from Chipotle -- is certainly offering a new approach, nothing seems to be helping yet.  A turnaround might be underway, but if it is, it's happening slowly, making the stock a tough buy at present.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
Target is a large retailer, while Realty Income is a large retail landlord.  Retailers have to keep paying rent if they want access to the stores they lease.  Share prices of Target (NYSE: TGT) have fallen a huge 65% from their 2021 peaks.
If you invested $54,000 into stocks averaging that kind of a yield, you'd collect just $756 in annual dividend income.  The best part is that you're not taking on significant risk with these investments, either.  Realty Income (NYSE: O), Pfizer (NYSE: PFE), and Target (NYSE: TGT) are all blue chip stocks that you can hang on for the long haul.
Many pharma bigwigs reported solid results, with some beating on earnings or revenues or both.
Concerns about a slowdown in AI hardware spending may be overblown, and that bodes well for Nvidia stock, which has been under pressure so far this year.  The chipmaker's customers are set to spend heavily on AI infrastructure going forward, as is evident from Meta Platforms' latest update.  Good news has been in short supply for Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) investors this year.
The new packaging will be introduced gradually across selected European stores.
We came across a bullish thesis on Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) on Substack by Business Model Mastery. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on SBUX. Starbucks Corporation (SBUX)’s share was trading at $81.66 as of May 5th. SBUX’s trailing and forward P/E were 29.69 and 28.17 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Starbucks may appear to […]
(Bloomberg) -- Adobe Inc. will offer a package of its products to the government at a discounted rate following scrutiny on software spending by the Trump administration.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign Tourists Due to Trump PoliciesA bundle
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.