Title: A Look at Pharma ETFs After Strong Q1 Earnings
Date: 2025-05-08 15:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/look-pharma-etfs-strong-q1-155000613.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
The first-quarter results of the healthcare sector have been impressive, with earnings of 85% of the sector participants that have reported so far up 46.8% on 8% revenue growth. The earnings beat ratio of 82.4% and the revenue beat ratio of 72.5% are also assuring. Combining the actual results with the estimates for the still-to-report companies, the total earnings of the sector are expected to grow 42.5% on revenue growth of 9.2% (see: all the Healthcare ETFs here).Many industry bigwigs reported solid results, with some beating on earnings or revenues or both. As such, most pharma ETFs have delivered positive performances over the past month. iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF IHE, VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF PPH, Invesco Pharmaceuticals ETF PJP and SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF XPH have gained 1.1%, 2.5%, 0.5%, and 1.7%, respectively, while First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF FTXH has shed 1.5% in a month.Let’s delve deeper into the earnings of some of the bigwigs:
Johnson and JohnsonJohnson & Johnson JNJ continued with its long streak of earnings beat and also outpaced revenue estimates. Earnings per share came in at $2.77, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.57 and improved 2.2% from the year-ago earnings. Revenues grew 2.4% year over year to $21.89 billion and outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $21.62 billion. The drugmaker raised its revenue guidance for fiscal 2025 to $91.0-$91.8 billion from $89.2-$90.0 billion, indicating year-over-year growth of 2.6%-3.6% versus the prior expectation of 0.5%-1.5%. It maintained its adjusted earnings per share guidance in the range of $10.50-$10.70 (read: ETFs in Focus Post JNJ's Q1 Earnings Beat, Dividend Hike). Pfizer Pfizer PFE topped estimates on earnings but lagged on revenues. It reported adjusted earnings per share of 92 cents, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 64 cents per share and increased 12% year over year. Revenues declined 8% year over year to $13.72 billion and missed the consensus mark of $13.89 billion. The U.S. drug giant reaffirmed its revenue guidance of $61-$64 billion and adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.80-$3.00 for this year.Merck Merck MRK topped earnings and revenue estimates. It posted earnings per share of $2.22, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.15 and improved 7% from the year-ago earnings. Revenues dropped 2% year over year to $15.53 billion but edged past the consensus mark of $15.39 billion. Merck maintained its revenue guidance in the range of $64.1-$65.6 billion for 2025 but lowered the earnings per share guidance to $8.82-$8.97 from $8.88-$9.03.Bristol-Myers Bristol-Myers BMY also reported better-than-expected results. It posted an earnings per share of $1.80, outpacing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.51. In the year-ago quarter, BMY had posted an adjusted loss per share of $4.40. Revenues dropped 6% year over year to $11.2 billion and edged past the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $10.7 billion. For 2025, Bristol-Myers raised its revenue guidance to $45.8-$46.8 billion from $45.5 billion and earnings per share guidance to 6.70-$7.00 from $6.55-$6.85. Eli Lilly and CompanyEli Lilly and Company LLY missed earnings estimates but outpaced revenue estimates. Earnings per share came in at $3.34, falling short of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.52 but improving 29% from the year-ago earnings. Revenues rose 45% to $12.73 billion and edged past the estimated $12.62 billion. Eli Lilly maintained its full-year revenue guidance of $58-$61 billion, indicating year-over-year growth of 32%, and lowered its adjusted earnings per share guidance to $20.78-$22.28 from $22.50-$24.00.
iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF (IHE)iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF provides exposure to 36 U.S. companies that manufacture prescription or over-the-counter drugs or vaccines by tracking the Dow Jones U.S. Select Pharmaceuticals Index. The in-focus five firms are the top holdings in the basket, accounting for a combined 61% of the total assets, suggesting heavy concentration. iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF has $567.8 million in AUM and charges 39 bps in fees and expenses. It trades in average daily volume of 159,000 shares and carries a Zacks ETF Rank #3 (Hold) with a High risk outlook (read: Is Healthcare Losing the Status of Safe Haven? ETFs in Focus).VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF (PPH)VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF follows the MVIS US Listed Pharmaceutical 25 Index and holds 25 stocks in its basket. The five firms collectively account for a 30.7% share in the fund’s basket. The product has amassed $650.1 million in its asset base and charges 36 bps in annual fees. VanEck Vectors Pharmaceutical ETF trades in average daily volume of 475,000 shares and has a Zacks ETF Rank #3 with a Medium risk outlook. SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF (XPH)SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF provides exposure to pharma companies by tracking the S&P Pharmaceuticals Select Industry Index. With AUM of $140.1 million, it holds 42 securities, with the in-focus firms making up about 4% share each. SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF charges 35 bps in fees a year and trades in average daily volume of 64,000 shares. It has a Zacks ETF Rank #3 with a High risk outlook.Invesco Pharmaceuticals ETF (PJP)Invesco Pharmaceuticals ETF offers exposure to companies that are principally engaged in the research, development, manufacture, sale, or distribution of pharmaceuticals and drugs of all types. It follows the Dynamic Pharmaceuticals Intellidex Index and holds 31 stocks in its basket, with the in-focus firms making up for a combined 21.8% share. Invesco Pharmaceuticals ETF has AUM of about $233.7 million and charges 56 bps in fees and expenses. It trades in an average daily volume of 10,000 shares and has a Zacks ETF Rank #3 with a High risk outlook. First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH)First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF tracks the Nasdaq US Smart Pharmaceuticals Index, holding 50 securities in its basket. The in-focus five firms account for a combined 32% of the assets. FTXH has AUM of $13.5 million and trades in average daily volume of 3,000 shares. First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF charges 60 bps in annual fees and has a Zacks ETF Rank #3.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Invesco Pharmaceuticals ETF (PJP): ETF Research Reports
iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF (IHE): ETF Research Reports
SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF (XPH): ETF Research Reports
VanEck Pharmaceutical ETF (PPH): ETF Research Reports
First Trust NASDAQ Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH): ETF Research Reports
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
No matter how high President Trump cranks up tariffs, many industries are never coming back to the U.S. For industries that require cheap labor such as apparel and toys, bringing that production to Pennsylvania or Ohio just doesn’t make sense.  For pharma, an industry in which gross margins are among the highest in the S&P 500, labor was never really the reason for moving offshore to places like Ireland—it was always about playing the global tax game.  Tariffs are certainly getting pharma CEOs to listen, and many are already stockpiling imports while expanding production within existing U.S. sites.
The mean of analysts' price targets for Pfizer (PFE) points to a 25.1% upside in the stock. While this highly sought-after metric has not proven reasonably effective, strong agreement among analysts in raising earnings estimates does indicate an upside in the stock.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced its intent to expand the use of unannounced inspections at foreign manufacturing facilities that produce foods, essential medicines, and other medical products intended for American consumers and patients. This change builds upon the agency’s Office of Inspection and Investigations’ Foreign Unannounced Inspection Pilot program in India and China and aims to ensure that foreign companies will receive the same level of regulatory oversight and
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.