Title: Moderna Sharpens Pipeline Focus as COVID-19 Vaccine Demand Ebbs in Q1
Date: 2025-05-06 13:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/moderna-sharpens-pipeline-focus-covid-135400467.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Moderna MRNA kicked off 2025 with mixed first-quarter results. While its streamlining efforts improved bottom-line numbers, the steep decline in revenues raises concerns.
While sales of its COVID-19 vaccine continue to decline as expected in a post-pandemic market, Moderna is taking proactive steps to reshape its future. The company is swiftly advancing multiple pipeline candidates across late-stage development, with the intent to diversify its existing revenue base and launch multiple new products over the next few years.
Year to date, shares of Moderna have plunged 33% compared with the industry’s decline of 2%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The company currently has two marketed vaccines in its portfolio — the COVID-19 vaccine Spikevax and the recently launched RSV vaccine mResvia. Overall product sales declined nearly 50% year over year in first-quarter 2025 to $86 million, the vast majority of which came from the COVID-19 vaccine. This metric missed both the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $114 million and our model estimate of $122 million.
The company recorded $84 million from Spikevax sales during the quarter. The figure missed our model estimate of $112 million. This soft sales performance was due to lower vaccine demand in the post-pandemic era.
mResvia sales during the quarter totaled $2 million, which significantly missed our model estimate of $70 million. This miss was likely due to the vaccine being approved and recommended later in the contracting season. By that time, many customers had already completed their orders.
Notably, RSV vaccine sales have been weak across the industry for the 2024-25 vaccination season due to the restrictive recommendation issued by the U.S. CDC last year for individuals in the 60-74 age bracket. Sales of RSV vaccines marketed by Moderna’s rivals, Pfizer PFE and GSK plc GSK, also declined in the first quarter. While sales of Pfizer’s RSV vaccine Abrysvo fell 9% year over year to $131 million, GSK’s Arexvy sales plunged 57% to £78 million (~$98 million).
While Moderna maintained its guidance for 2025, it expanded its cost efficiency and prioritization programs to improve long-term profitability. Based on these cost-saving activities, it intends to save about $300-$500 million in operating expenses next year. MRNA expects to incur $4.7-$5.0 billion in operating costs in 2027, signaling a reduction of $1.4-$1.7 billion when compared to 2025 estimates.
This marks the third consecutive quarter when Moderna reduced operating costs by ‘double digits year-over-year.’ Through these cuts, the company expects to break even on an operating cash cost basis by 2028.
A major reason behind undertaking restructuring programs is to focus on products that are either nearing approvals or already on the market. Moderna expects to launch 10 new products over the next three years to reduce reliance on Spikevax as a primary revenue driver.
Toward the end of last year, the company submitted three regulatory filings to the FDA. These included a fresh filing seeking approval for mRNA-1283 (the next-generation COVID-19 vaccine) and a regulatory filing seeking label expansion for mResvia in high-risk adults aged 18-59. While a final decision on mRNA-1283 is expected by this month’s end, the agency’s decision on mResvia is expected by June 12.
Moderna also submitted a third filing that seeks approval for the company’s COVID-19 and influenza combination vaccine, mRNA-1083. However, it received the FDA’s feedback asking for ‘Phase 3 flu efficacy data.’ Such setbacks not only prolong the review timeline but could also delay the company’s initial launch plans for the vaccine.
The company is also progressing well with the development of its pipeline candidates. Unlike traditional vaccines that can take months to produce, mRNA-based vaccines can be developed quickly and offer manufacturing scalability. This major advantage has been a plus point for Moderna and Pfizer, which have been able to update their mRNA-based COVID-19 vaccines against the latest variants at record time, especially when compared to traditional vaccine-makers.
Moderna has more than 40 mRNA-based investigational candidates in different stages of clinical studies, targeting various indications, including cancer. The company is evaluating multiple candidates in late-stage studies — mRNA-1647 (cytomegalovirus [CMV] vaccine), mRNA-1010 (influenza vaccine), and the cancer therapy intismeran autogene (formerly, mRNA-4157/V940).
Intismeran is an important candidate garnering investors’ attention. It is being developed in partnership with Merck MRK. Moderna/Merck is evaluating this therapy in three pivotal late-stage studies — one in the melanoma indication and the other two in the non-small cell lung cancer area. Moderna and Merck have also started three mid-stage studies evaluating the therapy across cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, renal cell carcinoma and muscle-invasive bladder cancer indications.
The company also announced that it is expanding its oncology pipeline with the addition of mRNA-4359, an investigational checkpoint adaptive immune modulation therapy. mRNA-4359 is currently being evaluated in early-to-mid-stage clinical studies for first-line melanoma and first-line metastatic NSCLC.
While the pressure of declining revenues is concerning, Moderna’s encouraging commercial launch plans and a robust pipeline of mRNA-based therapies indicate that the company is actively positioning itself for long-term growth beyond the COVID-19 era. The upcoming product rollouts could help Moderna transition into a biotech company with a diversified revenue stream.
Moderna, Inc. price | Moderna, Inc. Quote
Moderna currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
GSK PLC Sponsored ADR (GSK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Moderna, Inc. (MRNA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.