Title: Why Viking Therapeutics Stock Surged Nearly 20% Higher in April
Date: 2025-05-06 08:33
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/06/why-viking-therapeutics-stock-surged-nearly-20-hig/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
One of the best catalysts for a stock's rise is the withdrawal of a rival. That was an important dynamic behind the double-digit-percentage rise of biotech Viking Therapeutics' (VKTX 1.16%) stock in April. Another was a looming late-stage clinical trial of a closely watched pipeline drug that's loaded with potential.
For a relatively young, clinical-stage company, Viking has developed quite a high profile. That's because its leading drug candidate, VK2735, is its possible entry into the high-demand GLP-1 weight loss drug market. So far, that space is occupied by a mere two treatments that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved specifically for treating obesity: Novo Nordisk's Wegovy and Eli Lilly's Zepbound.
Image source: Getty Images.
For a time, American pharmaceutical sector mainstay Pfizer was vying to be on that short list. However, on April 14 it threw in the towel. The company announced formally that it had discontinued the development of its homegrown weight-loss medication danuglipron, following a liver injury to a patient during a clinical trial. 
Had it followed through with danuglipron's development and eventually won approval to sell the drug, Pfizer surely would have been a near-instant top player in the obesity segment. The U.S. has a notoriously high obesity rate, a major reason the take-up of GLP-1 drugs was so intense right out of the gate in mid-2021, with the FDA's nod for Wegovy. 
I should stress here that, unlike Wegovy and Zepbound, Viking's VK2735 is still in the investigational stage. Yet the drug did extremely well in phase 2 testing, and its performance raised hopes that it could be the great usurper in the market if it ultimately earns an FDA nod.
Buttressing such hopes was Viking's first quarter earnings report, published slightly over a week after Pfizer's danuglipron retreat.
As a clinical-stage company, the biotech didn't have any revenue to report. Meanwhile, expenses zoomed higher on a year-over-year basis -- understandably, given the VK2735 push -- to deepen net loss considerably. This figure came in at $45 million, or $0.41 per share, against the year-ago shortfall of nearly $29 million. The consensus analyst estimate for net loss was only $0.33. 
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 909% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025
That didn't spook Viking investors, however, because in the earnings release the company stated that the hotly anticipated phase 3 trial for VK2735 would begin in the current quarter of this year. The enticing possibility that a clear candidate for eventual blockbuster drug status was about to undergo a late-stage trial obliterated concerns about the earnings miss.
As ever with biotechs, I have to caution here that bringing a new treatment to pharmacy shelves is a long, resource-intensive, and difficult process that's never guaranteed to succeed. That said, VK2735 is looking like one of the best drug candidates in all of the U.S. biotech space, and if it's popular it'll almost surely vault its maker higher on the market.

 

Before you buy stock in Viking Therapeutics, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Viking Therapeutics wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $623,103!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $717,471!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 909% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025


Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Pfizer. The Motley Fool recommends Novo Nordisk and Viking Therapeutics. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends