Title: Should You Hold Microsoft (MSFT) Amid Weak Operating Conditions_
Date: 2025-04-15 11:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hold-microsoft-msft-amid-weak-112956629.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongWhy your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budgingStock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exportsThe Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffsTreasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatilityStocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a dayThe chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habitStocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focusBofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haulThe trade war uncovers new economies of scaleTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedUnlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.L1 Capital, an investment management firm, released its “L1 Capital International Fund” (unhedged) first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The fund returned 0.1% (net of fees) in the March quarter surpassing the benchmark return by 2.6% (all in Australian dollars). The Australian dollar appreciated 1.0% against the U.S. dollar in the quarter and 3.4% against the Euro. During the first quarter of 2025, the market performance by sector was mixed. In addition, the letter discussed on trade deficits, Trump administration’s Reciprocal Tariffs, implications of Liberation Day and the shift in Trump’s trade policy and how the firm is managing the fund in this volatile environment. Please check the fund’s top five holdings to know its best picks in 2025.In its first quarter 2025 investor letter, L1 Capital International Fund emphasized stocks such as Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a multinational software company that develops and supports software, services, devices, and solutions. The one-month return of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) was -1.12%, and its shares lost 6.24% of their value over the last 52 weeks. On April 14, 2025, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock closed at $387.81 per share with a market capitalization of $2.883 trillion.L1 Capital International Fund stated the following regarding Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:"The Fund has investments in three of the Magnificent 7: Amazon.com, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), and a smaller position size in Alphabet. As noted, the market remains concerned about elevated capital expenditure, the returns the leading Cloud and AI service providers will earn on these immense levels of capex and, more recently, concerns on overall cloud and AI services demand as well as increasing general economic weakness. There are also increasing concerns that Alphabet’s competitive position in Search will not be as strong in an AI-centric world. More recently, trade policy concerns are pressuring all companies, and there have been huge equity market flows from short term investors derisking their portfolios as well as likely passive investor selling pressure. While operating conditions have weakened to some extent, at current share prices, all three businesses are trading well below our base case fair value range and offer highly attractive risk adjusted returns for investors with a longer-term investment horizon.”A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is in second position our list of 30 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. As per our database, 317 hedge fund portfolios held Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) at the end of the fourth quarter compared to 279 in the third quarter. In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) reported $69.6 billion in revenues, up 12% year-over-year. While we acknowledge the potential of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is as promising as NVIDIA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.We covered Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) in another article, where we shared the list of best machine learning stocks to buy. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q1 2025 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.READ NEXT: Michael Burry Is Selling These Stocks and A New Dawn Is Coming to US Stocks.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.The initiative is said to mark the first time the company’s AI infrastructure will be fully produced in the US.Investment management company Vulcan Value Partners recently released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The first quarter experienced the return of volatility. The companies’ management teams expressed a more cautious view following the recent election. Optimism has given way to uncertainty about tariffs and potential impacts on earnings, inflation, […]Companies that don't recognize that the people central to running the business "are already diverse" may miss out on opportunities to excel, Lisa Brummel said.Looking beyond Wall Street's top -and-bottom-line estimate forecasts for Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB), delve into some of its key metrics to gain a deeper insight into the company's potential performance for the quarter ended March 2025.We recently published a list of 11 Top Performing European Stocks So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (NYSE:DB) stands against other best performing European stocks to invest in. The world economy is hanging by a thread, as the macroeconomic environment consists of […]The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettBarclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
