Title: Meta antitrust trial_ What this former FTC commissioner expects
Date: 2025-04-15 14:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/meta-antitrust-trial-former-ftc-140835787.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Mark Zuckerberg defended Meta's (META)past acquisitions in court,arguing Instagram and WhatsApp strengthened competition rather than stifled it.
Mozelle Thompson, former FTC commissioner and former Facebook Advisory Board member, joins Morning Brief to break down how the FTC is framing Meta's moves as monopolistic and what the outcome could mean.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Briefhere.
As we're continuing to watch this play out with Zuckerberg and the FTC, what is the reality of what this outcome could look like and how Facebook once again, or Meta platforms rather, is once again in the position of defending an acquisition of a company that was way, way smaller back then at that time.
I'm glad that you raised that, you know, um, we all seem to forget at the time that they acquired uh, uh, uh, Instagram. Instagram was 20 people and they paid a billion dollars for it and everybody thought they were crazy. So, um, that was a very interesting time. You know, it's interesting, the government has framed this as the, um, that Meta bought Instagram and WhatsApp in order to eliminate competition and because of that, that those products have become worse for consumers than they could have been and that the actual market is actually uh the personal social networking, which is among friends. Meta, on the other hand has a different version or a different view of what the market is and what they were doing. They said it was strategic, those products have become better, they still remain free and that the market is actually much bigger. Friends actually are a very small part of what these apps do and what the market is and the market is actually much broader in terms of competition with companies like TikTok and, uh, and X, and YouTube and those provide the real competitive marketplace. So it's interesting that we're also looking at these transactions not only what what they were thinking then, that's not only Meta, but also what the US government was thinking then, but what they what has actually happened since then, 10 years, over 10 years is a very long time.
Mhm. Well, it's interesting Moselle because you mentioned TikTok, X, YouTube, all competition, but given how similar to the end consumer that those platforms look to some of the meta platforms, is that argument going to be enough that that competition still exists outside of meta?
Well, I think that it it it is pretty real, you know, one of the things that that I I have found interesting in the framing yesterday is that, um, the FTC says that the market uh, uh is actually smaller uh than it really is, that if you look at the broader market, Meta only controls sev 30% of that market. You have all these other companies out there and I think if you look at it from an advertising space, most advertisers view that market is the larger market. They want to figure out how to get to all of those different segments within the marketplace.
Citi analyst Ronald Josey cut his price target on Meta, Amazon, Reddit and more stocks because of concerns over a potential slowdown in ad spending.
Meta Platforms (META) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
As consumers become more aware and more discerning about what they buy, companies that embrace Conscious Capitalism will enjoy an ever-growing competitive edge over those that simply look to grow profits and any cost.  In this podcast, Motley Fool co-founder David Gardner hosts the founder and CEO of Fair Trade USA, Paul Rice, who explains how trade can be more effective than aid in improving the world's economic issues.  To catch full episodes of all The Motley Fool's free podcasts, check out our podcast center.
Dozens of shareholders have called on Amazon to disclose further details about its decision to close seven facilities in Quebec, Canada.
Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does U.S. Bancorp (USB) have what it takes? Let's find out.
We came across a bullish thesis on ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ASML. ASML Holding N.V. (ASML)’s share was trading at $672.87 as of April 14th. ASML’s trailing and forward P/E were 30.79 and 24.39 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. ASML is one […]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg considered spinning off popular photo-sharing app Instagram in 2018 in anticipation of possible antitrust scrutiny, according to a document shown at a trial in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday.  The document was shown during Zuckerberg's second day of testimony at the high-stakes trial, in which the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is seeking to unwind Meta's acquisitions of prized assets Instagram and WhatsApp.  "I wonder if we should consider the extreme step of spinning Instagram out as a separate company," Zuckerberg said in a memo discussing potential strategies for how to reorganize the social media company's family of apps.
The Magnificent Seven stocks rose Tuesday, as Nvidia and Tesla rallied. Amazon and Google dropped on the stock market today.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...