2 Wide Moat Semiconductor Stocks a Bargain Buy Now_ ASML and NVDA
2025-04-15 19-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2-wide-moat-semiconductor-stocks-190000984.html?.tsrc=rss
A series of President Donald Trump’s ambiguous tariffs on several other countries, including China, wreaked havoc on Wall Street, and semiconductor stocks suffered the consequences. However, the latest tariff exemptions on chips and other high-tech goods boosted the equity market, leading to a recovery in many previously declining semiconductor stocks.
Therefore, this is an ideal time to invest in strong semiconductor stocks, such asASML Holding N.V.ASML andNVIDIA CorporationNVDA, which are currently trading at a discount following a recent drop but are poised to benefit from the upcoming rebound.
Of course, the tariff reliefs are temporary, and these semiconductor stocks may experience bouts of volatility if trade disputes remain unresolved within the specified time frame. However, these stocks have a wide moat, providing them a competitive advantage and immunity to market fluctuations. Let’s examine this in detail –
Dutch company ASML is the global leader in producing extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems, which are essential for manufacturing powerful artificial intelligence (AI) chips. The lithography equipment is pricey, so the company doesn’t need to sell many to make sufficient revenues.
Although the company sold only 44 EUV systems last year, they accounted for 38% of its total net system sales of 21.8 billion euros. It sells to major chipmakers likeIntel CorporationINTC andTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company LimitedTSM.
Having a monopoly in EUV lithography systems could potentially lead to market share loss, with China developing similar systems. However, manufacturing these systems is time-consuming due to their complex nature. Thus, the current risk of losing the monopoly is minimal, allowing the company to sustain long-term growth for stakeholders.
Similarly, Jensen Huang-led NVIDIA enjoys a more than 80% share in the growing discrete graphic processing units (GPUs) market, giving the company a competitive edge over its rivals and fueling long-term growth. The company’s CUDA software platform is gaining popularity globally among developers, while the demand for Blackwell chips has skyrocketed due to their better energy efficiency level and faster AI interface.
For some time, the rapid growth of AI applications has spurred the demand for advanced memory chips that require ASML’s EUV equipment for their manufacture. ASML’s EUV lithography machines experienced an increase in new orders in the fourth quarter of 2024 and are anticipated to see a surge in first-quarter 2025 bookings as well.