Nvidia H20 chip exports hit with license requirement by US government
2025-04-15 22-24
https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/15/nvidia-h20-chip-exports-hit-with-license-requirement-by-us-government/?.tsrc=rss
Latest
AI
Amazon
Apps
Biotech & Health
Climate
Cloud Computing
Commerce
Crypto
Enterprise
EVs
Fintech
Fundraising
Gadgets
Gaming
Google
Government & Policy
Hardware
Instagram
Layoffs
Media & Entertainment
Meta
Microsoft
Privacy
Robotics
Security
Social
Space
Startups
TikTok
Transportation
Venture
Events
Startup Battlefield
StrictlyVC
Newsletters
Podcasts
Videos
Partner Content
TechCrunch Brand Studio
Crunchboard
Contact Us
Semiconductor giant Nvidia is facing unexpected new U.S. export controls on its H20 chips.
In a filing Tuesday, Nvidia said it was informed by the U.S. government that it will need a license to export its H20 AI chips to China. This license will be required indefinitely, according to the filing — the U.S. government cited “risk that the [H20] may be used in […] a supercomputer in China.”
Nvidia anticipates $5.5 billion in related charges in its Q1 2026 fiscal year, which ends April 27. The company’s stock was down around 6% in extended trading.
The H20 is the most advanced AI chip Nvidia can export to China under the U.S.’ current and previous export rules. Last week,NPRreported that CEO Jensen Huang might havetalked his way outof new H20 restrictions during a dinner at President Donald Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort, in part by committing that Nvidia would invest in AI data centers in the U.S.
Perhaps not-so-coincidentally, Nvidiaannounced on Mondaythat it would spend hundreds of millions of dollars over the next four years manufacturing some AI chips in the U.S.Punditswere quick to point out that the company’s commitment was light on the details.
Multiple government officials had been calling for stronger export controls on the H20 because the chip was allegedly used to train models from China-based AI startup DeepSeek, including the R1 “reasoning” model that threw the U.S. AI market for a loop in January.
Nvidia declined to comment.
Topics
Senior Reporter, Venture
For security, Android phones will now auto-reboot after three days


Notorious image board 4chan hacked and internal data leaked


Notion releases an AI-powered email client for Gmail


Lucid Gravity First Drive: An electric SUV that doesn’t make compromises


Rippling is trying to serve Deel’s CEO, but bailiffs can’t find him


Hertz says customers’ personal data and driver’s licenses stolen in data breach


OpenAI’s new GPT-4.1 AI models focus on coding


© 2025 Yahoo.
1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now!
1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now!