Oil slides with glut expectations and trade war souring outlook
2025-04-16 06-42
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-steadies-glut-expectations-trade-002035799.html?.tsrc=rss
(Bloomberg) — Oil fell for a second day as wider markets turned lower and expectations increased for a glut because of the escalating trade war between the world’s two biggest economies.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing
Brent crude (BZ=F) traded near $64 a barrel, with West Texas Intermediate (CL=F) dropping below $61. Concerns over global oil demand worsened after Beijing swapped its chief trade envoy and said that relying on domestic consumption was insufficient to spur growth. In wider markets, warnings by ASML Holdings NV and Nvidia Corp. on the effects of tariffs weighed on US equity futures.
China’s downbeat outlook came as Beijing replaced its chief international trade negotiator in a closely watched appointment as traders try to anticipate any possible shifts in China’s stance toward Washington. The shuffle came after President Donald Trump insisted on Tuesday that the ball was in Beijing’s court to start negotiations with Washington.
“While we may have seen a peak in headline tariff rates, the intensifying standoff between the US and China is casting a long shadow over global demand expectations,” said Charu Chanana, chief investment strategist for Saxo Markets Pte. “The uncertainty around retaliatory measures and supply chain disruptions is weighing on risk appetite and, in turn, on the oil market.”
Crude remains near the lowest in four years, after a sharp drop earlier this month brought about by an onslaught of tariffs and counter-levies between the US and its biggest trading partners. Washington on Tuesday launched a probe into the need for import taxes on critical minerals, while struggling to bridge trade differences this week with the European Union as White House officials said the bulk of the US tariffs imposed on the bloc won’t be removed.
Meanwhile, the International Energy Agency on Tuesday slashed its forecasts for global oil consumption this year, and said that supply additions are likely to be more than enough to satisfy demand.
The industry-funded American Petroleum Institute reported US nationwide crude inventories rose by 2.4 million barrels last week, which would be the third consecutive advance if confirmed by official data later Wednesday. However, the report indicated declines at the oil storage hub in Cushing, Oklahoma, and in fuel inventories.
To get Bloomberg’s Energy Daily newsletter in your inbox, click here.