Title: FDA Expands Surprise Inspections At Foreign Drug And Food Facilities, Targets Double Standards In Overseas Manufacturing Oversight
Date: 2025-05-07 18:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fda-expands-surprise-inspections-foreign-185407796.html?.tsrc=rss

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced its intent to expand the use of unannounced inspections at foreign manufacturing facilities that produce foods, essential medicines, and other medical products intended forAmerican consumers and patients. This change builds upon the agency’s Office of Inspection and Investigations’ Foreign Unannounced Inspection Pilot program in India and China and aims to ensure that foreign companies will receive the same level of regulatory oversight and scrutiny as domestic companies. “For too long, foreign companies have enjoyed a double standard—given advanced notice before facility inspections, while American manufacturers are held to rigorous standards with no such warning,” said FDA CommissionerMartin Makary. Trending:Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary called Missing Ring his biggest mistake — Don't repeat history—invest in RYSE at just $1.90/share. On Tuesday, the FDA said it plans to review and improve its foreign inspection program to ensure it meets the highest standards for oversight. Part of this effort includes making it clear that FDA inspectors should not accept travel-related perks like hotel stays or transportation from the companies they inspect. The FDA conducts about 12,000 inspections annually in the U.S. and 3,000 in other countries. While U.S. companies often get surprise inspections, foreign companies usually receive advanced notice, giving them time to prepare and potentially hide problems. Still, foreign inspections often reveal serious issues, more than twice as often as domestic ones. In the U.S., inspections are usually unannounced unless specific programs require advance notice to ensure staff and records are available. Even then, companies can’t pick the date or time. The FDA says foreign companies shouldn’t have that option either. By shifting to more surprise inspections abroad, the FDA aims to better protect American consumers by catching dishonest practices, like falsifying records or hiding violations, before they cause harm. The agency can take action against any company that tries to delay, block, or refuse an unannounced inspection. The update follows PresidentDonald Trump’ssigned executive order on Monday to promote prescription drug manufacturing in the U.S., streamlining the path for companies to build new production sites as potential tariffs onimported medicines loom. See Also:Donald Trump just announced a $500 billion AI infrastructure deal —here's how you can invest in the entertainment market's next big disruptor at $2.25 per share. The order directs the FDA to reduce the amount of time it takes to approve manufacturing plants in the U.S. by eliminating unnecessary requirements, streamlining reviews, and working with domestic drugmakers to “provide early support before facilities come online,” according to a White House fact sheet. It also directs the agency to raise inspection fees for foreign manufacturing plants, improve the enforcement of active-ingredient source reporting by overseas producers, and consider publicly listing facilities that don’t comply. The White House estimates that it can currently take five to ten years to build new pharmaceutical manufacturing capacity, which it calls “unacceptable from a national-security standpoint.” Amid tariff uncertainty, many companies have disclosed a wave of investments in recent months to boost production in the U.S. Eli Lilly And Co(NYSE:LLY) doubleddomestic medicine production. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.(NYSE:TMO) announced it would invest an additional $2 billion in the U.S. overthe next four years. Medtech firmBecton, Dickinson, and Company(NYSE:BDX) also announced its intention to invest $2.5 billion in U.S. manufacturing capacityover the next 5 years. Pfizer Inc.(NYSE:PFE) did not highlight investments in new manufacturing plants; it noted that they already have significant capacity and flexibility to manufacturetheir products in the U.S. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.(NASDAQ:REGN) seeks to nearly double its manufacturing capacity through a new agreement withFUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies. Novartis AG(NYSE:NVS) unveiled a sweeping $23 billion investment plan to expand its manufacturing and research infrastructure in the U.S.over the next five years. Johnson & Johnson(NYSE:JNJ) announced its plans to invest more than$55 billion in the U.S. over the next four years. Roche Holdings AG(OTC:RHHBY) announced that it will invest $50 billion in the U.S. overthe next five years. Most recently,Bristol-Myers Squibb & Co.’s(NYSE:BMY) Christopher Boerner, chair and chief executive officer, shared plans to invest $40 billion in U.S. R&D, technology, and manufacturing over the next five years in an op-ed published by Stat this week. Read Next: Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold. Deloitte's fastest-growing software company partners with Amazon, Walmart & Target –Many are rushing to grab 4,000 of its pre-IPO shares for just $0.30/share! Photo by Tada Images via Shutterstock Send To MSN:  Send to MSN Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? This articleFDA Expands Surprise Inspections At Foreign Drug And Food Facilities, Targets Double Standards In Overseas Manufacturing Oversightoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com © 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. NEW YORK (Reuters) -UnitedHealth Group was sued on Wednesday for allegedly concealing how backlash from the killing of a top executive was damaging its business, causing its stock to nosedive after the insurer lowered its 2025 outlook.  In a proposed class action filed in Manhattan federal court, shareholders said the insurer defrauded them after the December 4 shooting of UnitedHealthcare Chief Executive Brian Thompson by shifting away from strategies that led to higher-than-average claims denials, without revealing the impact on profitability.  UnitedHealth shares fell 22.4% on April 17, wiping out about $119 billion of market value, after the insurer cut its 2025 forecast for adjusted profit per share to between $26 and $26.50 from between $29.50 and $30. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.