Title: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) Presents Promising TREMFYA Study Results At Digestive Disease Week 2025
Date: 2025-05-06 17:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-nyse-jnj-presents-173924195.html?.tsrc=rss

Johnson & Johnsonrecently presented promising data on TREMFYA® for ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease, spotlighting its role in enhancing treatment options. Despite these advancements, the company's share price exhibited a modest 1% increase over the past month, in line with steady market performance. Concurrently, Johnson & Johnson reported strong earnings, with significant improvements in net income and diluted earnings per share, alongside a dividend increase. These developments suggest a positive sentiment but align with broader market movements, as the S&P 500 extended its gains amidst anticipation of tariff and Federal Reserve updates. Buy, Hold or Sell Johnson & Johnson? View our complete analysis and fair value estimate and you decide. We've found 19 US stocks that are forecast to pay a dividend yield of over 6% next year. See the full list for free. Johnson & Johnson's recent presentation of promising data on TREMFYA® for ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease could enhance its role in the immunology market, supporting the company's broader growth in this area. This aligns with Johnson & Johnson's focus on innovative medicine expansion amid challenges like the loss of STELARA exclusivity. However, while the short-term share price increase of 1% reflects these developments, over a longer-term period of five years, the company's total returns, including dividends, amounted to 19.61%. This provides a broader perspective on performance, particularly against the S&P 500 and industry standards. Over the past year, Johnson & Johnson's shares exceeded the US Pharmaceuticals industry, which saw a 3.4% decline. Although recent advancements bolster investor sentiment, analysts expect modest revenue and earnings growth, forecasting earnings of US$22.8 billion by 2028. The new innovations and investments announced could cushion against revenue and margin challenges. Despite this, the current share price of US$155.91 is below the consensus price target of about US$170, indicating room for potential appreciation, albeit modest. Investors should consider these developments when assessing their view on the company's future outlook. Our valuation report unveils the possibility Johnson & Johnson's shares may be trading at a discount. This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. Companies discussed in this article includeNYSE:JNJ. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, emaileditorial-team@simplywallst.com Johnson & Johnson and AbbVie are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around? Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation. Learn what determines mortgage rates, from inflation and the Fed to your credit score. Understanding rates allows you to be fully prepared when buying a house.