Title: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) Is Paying Out A Larger Dividend Than Last Year
Date: 2025-05-06 11:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-nyse-jnj-paying-111728520.html?.tsrc=rss

Johnson & Johnson(NYSE:JNJ) will increase its dividend from last year's comparable payment on the 10th of June to $1.30. This will take the annual payment to 3.4% of the stock price, which is above what most companies in the industry pay. We check all companies for important risks. See what we found for Johnson & Johnson in ourfree report. Impressive dividend yields are good, but this doesn't matter much if the payments can't be sustained. Based on the last payment, Johnson & Johnson was quite comfortably earning enough to cover the dividend. This means that a large portion of its earnings are being retained to grow the business. Looking forward, earnings per share is forecast to rise by 7.1% over the next year. If the dividend continues on this path, the payout ratio could be 55% by next year, which we think can be pretty sustainable going forward. View our latest analysis for Johnson & Johnson The company has been paying a dividend for a long time, and it has been quite stable which gives us confidence in the future dividend potential. The dividend has gone from an annual total of $2.80 in 2015 to the most recent total annual payment of $5.20. This works out to be a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 6.4% a year over that time. The dividend has been growing very nicely for a number of years, and has given its shareholders some nice income in their portfolios. Investors could be attracted to the stock based on the quality of its payment history. Johnson & Johnson has seen EPS rising for the last five years, at 6.9% per annum. The company is paying a reasonable amount of earnings to shareholders, and is growing earnings at a decent rate so we think it could be a decent dividend stock. Overall, we think this could be an attractive income stock, and it is only getting better by paying a higher dividend this year. Distributions are quite easily covered by earnings, which are also being converted to cash flows. Taking this all into consideration, this looks like it could be a good dividend opportunity. Investors generally tend to favour companies with a consistent, stable dividend policy as opposed to those operating an irregular one. At the same time, there are other factors our readers should be conscious of before pouring capital into a stock. Earnings growth generally bodes well for the future value of company dividend payments. See if the 21 Johnson & Johnson analysts we track are forecasting continued growth with ourfreereport on analyst estimates for the company. Is Johnson & Johnson not quite the opportunity you were looking for? Why not check out ourselection of top dividend stocks. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. We recently published a list of 12 Best Food Stocks to Buy Under $30. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Flowers Foods, Inc. (NYSE:FLO) stands against other best food stocks to buy under $30. Consumer Defensive Sector: Trends and Outlook On April 25, Shana Sissel, Founder & CEO of […] My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?