Title: Trump tariff era means you may have to wave goodbye to earnings guidance
Date: 2025-04-13 12:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-tariff-era-means-you-may-have-to-wave-goodbye-to-earnings-guidance-123010647.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you cansign upto receive in your inbox every morning along with:
The chart of the day
What we're watching
What we're reading
Economic data releases and earnings
"Every day is a march toward the next quarterly earnings report."
That comment came to me compliments of a public company CEO a few weeks ago over coffee. It certainly jibes with what I've heard through the years from investor relations leads, CFOs, and CEOs.
These keepers of the numbers have told me they are beholden to the market and its whims, and they spend insane amounts of time crafting earnings call narratives and plotting out guidance ranges.
It all seems so silly, seeing as it's not required to issue guidance at all!
And this brings me to today's thoughts.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo'sTermsandPrivacy Policy
Now could be a good time for execs to use the cover ofTrump tariff uncertaintyto stop providing guidance of any kind, once and for all.
After all, how can one believe any outstanding numbers in this environment (and environments three and a half years from now) when it could literally change with one Truth Social post?
Delta (DAL) CEO Ed Bastiancaught a clue this week and yanked guidance.
Levi's (LEVI) CEO Michelle Gass rolled the dice and let the company's outstanding full-year profit guidance ride.
I found it bizarre, given Levi's stands to get hammered by tariffs due to its origin of sourcing. Shortly before Trump's 90-day tariff pause, one former apparel CEO told me by text the price of a pair of jeans could go up 50% to 100%. But the pause didn't include China, which now has a rate of 145%.
But hey, at least Gass has formed aninternal "task force"to begin figuring out the tariff impact on the business.
Walmart (WMT) CEODoug McMillonand CFOJohn David Raineymet investors in the middle. The companywarned on operating profits for the first quarterbut left its full-year range unchanged.
"I suspended guidance once in my six years and that was during COVID," former Hostess Brands CEOAndy Callahantold me.
He added, "CEOs/CFOs do a lot of work to understand the forecast and do sensitivities to those inputs to determine a RELIABLE RANGE of outcomes. When two things happen at once like is happening now ... ie a large range of uncertainty or short time to solve, they will suspend. The level of impact happening now is uncertain and likely outside range of CEOs to solve. They will likely suspend for at least a quarter. Guidance is not required and an uncertain or inaccurate guide is worse than a very rational suspension. And saying it does not include the impacts and keeping the guide is disingenuous."
CEOs tell me a lot of companies are likely to remove guidance when earnings season begins next week. It feels like the right move, even if it hits the company's stock price. That means investors will have to assess companies differently — think more textbook-like than trying to predict an earnings number and subsequent stock reaction.
I am curious, though: How much historically do you rely on sales and profit guidance from a company you own? And if you do rely heavily on that guidance, are you doing so now, given any outstanding forecasts are bordering on useless because of tariff uncertainty? I am eager to hear your thoughts — drop me a line on X@BrianSozzi.
Full disclosure: I have for years disliked corporate guidance and have been steadfast in saying the practice should be stopped.
Time to say bye-bye to analyst forecasts and whipsawing stock prices in the seconds after the earnings result hits the tape!
I think a company's investment worthiness should be dictated by the pure health of the business, not by how an investment bankthinksa business should be doing based on their various spreadsheet inputs.
The pure health of the business could be assessed by scrutinizing sequential sales, margins, profits, and cash flow growth rates on an absolute and relative basis (being simplistic here, but it can be done this way at the bare minimum).
Nevertheless, here is what some top former public company CEOs told me about offering profit guidance during times of considerable economic and policy uncertainty, as is presently the case.
Former Cisco CEO John Chambers
"General guidelines I follow in times of uncertainty are to err on the side of transparency and openness even if that requires a wider range in the guidance, with appropriate disclaimers, given the market conditions."
Boston Consulting Group chair Rich Lesser
"We believe a pause in point estimates of forward guidance is justified for the most impacted industries with the widest outcomes. This should come with:
Color on moving parts (e.g., tariffs, pricing, elasticity, supply chain moves, productivity & savings to ease pressure, ability to monetize/sell assets) to help investors and analysts model scenarios.
A commitment to share as much as possible as soon as possible (ideally weeks not months).
A commitment to get back to formal guidance in the short-to-medium term when the situation has clarified/stabilized a bit."
Former Medtronic CEO Bill George
"We have discussed this question with CEOs recently.
Given the uncertainty created by constantly changing tariffs and their unknown impact on the economy and on supply chains, I believe it is wise to withhold guidance on near-term revenues and earnings. This situation is similar to what CEOs experienced with COVID in 2020."
Brian Sozziis Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X@BrianSozzi,Instagram, andLinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Taxes may not be the first thing on your mind when you celebrate a joyous occasion like a marriage or a new baby.  Keeping your documents organized, updating your withholding and knowing which tax credits you're eligible for are some crucial steps as couples and parents navigate tax season, said Henry Grzes, lead manager of tax practice & ethics for the American Institute of CPAs.  Keeping your tax documents organized is a great practice regardless of your filing year.
(Bloomberg) -- Former Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said that the recent selloff in Treasuries signaled a worrying drop in confidence in American policymaking, rather than a dysfunctional event that warrants Federal Reserve intervention.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shorta
It’s a common rule of thumb to reduce your risk profile as you get older. Here are some options to consider.
Stormy days are ahead. Don't let them wash away your wealth.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.