Title: Airline Stock Roundup: DAL's Q1 Earnings Report & JBLU, VLRS in Focus
Date: 2025-04-14 15:46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/airline-stock-roundup-dals-q1-154600471.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
On April 9,Delta Air LinesDAL reported better-than-expected revenues and earnings per share for the first quarter of 2025 despite the tariff-induced uncertainty. Given the current uncertain scenario, DAL decided against reaffirming its 2025 financial guidance.
JetBlue AirwaysJBLU was also in the news due to its decision to add two nonstop routes to expand its service at Fort Lauderdale. Mexican carrierControladora Vuela Compañía de AviaciónVLRS or Volaris reported a year-over-year increase in revenue passenger miles (RPMs: a measure of air traffic) for March.
Driven by the increase in international operations, Latin American carrierLATAM Airlines GroupLTM reported a year-over-year increase in revenue passenger-kilometers (RPK: a measure of air traffic) for March. Alaska Airlines, a wholly owned subsidiary ofAlaska Air GroupALK, was also in the news due to its decision to invest in Loft Dynamics, a company specializing in virtual flight training. Through this move, Alaska Air aims to revolutionize pilot training.
Read the last Airline Roundup here.
1.  Delta reported first-quarter 2025 earnings (excluding 9 cents from non-recurring items) of 46 cents per share, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 40 cents. Earnings increased 2.2% on a year-over-year basis due to low fuel costs. Revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.04 billion, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $13.81 billion and increasing 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted operating revenues (excluding third-party refinery sales) increased 3.3% year over year to $13 billion.
Delta expects second-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share in the $1.7-$2.3 range. The adjusted operating margin is expected in the 11-14% band. Revenues on an adjusted basis are expected to be down 2% to up 2% year over year.
DAL currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
2. In response to customer demand, JetBlue has decided to resume service between Fort Lauderdale and Philadelphia and between Fort Lauderdale and Guayaquil, Ecuador, beginning this summer. Flights connecting Fort Lauderdale and Philadelphia will operate twice daily from July 3. Meanwhile, flights between Fort Lauderdale and Guayaquil will operate once a day from July 17. Flights on both routes will be operated by JetBlue’s Airbus A320 aircraft, equipped with all modern facilities.
These new routes build on JetBlue’s continued investment in South Florida, where the low-cost airline has increased departures by 6% year over year. The resumption of the two routes highlights JetBlue’s commitment to meeting customer demand and seizing strategic opportunities. These routes were paused during a broader network optimization.
3. For March, Volaris reported a 10.9% year-over-year increase in consolidated capacity (measured in available seat miles). The load factor (% of seats filled by passengers) decreased 2.4 percentage points to 84.4% on a consolidated basis. The metric fell as the increase in consolidated traffic (7.8%) was less than the increase in consolidated capacity. During the month, Volaris transported 2.6 million passengers, up 12.3% year over year.
On the domestic front, revenue per mile (RPM) and available seat miles (ASMs) increased 9.9% and 13.3%, respectively, from March 2024 levels. The domestic load factor in March was 89.4%, a decrease of 2.8 percentage points from year-ago levels. In international markets, RPM increased 4.6% year over year, while ASM rose 7.6% year over year.
4. For March, LATAM Airlines reported a 7.2% year-over-year increase in consolidated capacity, measured in available seat kilometers. LTM’s revenue passenger kilometers increased 5.6% year over year despite the impact of the carnival holidays on Brazil’s domestic segment. The carnival took place in the month of March in 2025, whereas it was celebrated in February in 2024, affecting year-over-year comparability. Although traffic improved on a year-over-year basis, it failed to outpace capacity expansion. As a result, the load factor (percentage of seats filled by passengers) fell to 81.9% from 83.9% a year ago.
5. In a bid to revolutionize pilot training by leveraging extended reality technology, Alaska Air took a stake in Loft Dynamics, which is headquartered in Zürich, Switzerland, with an office in Santa Monica, CA. Through this investment, made through Alaska Star Ventures, ALK intends to develop the first hyper-realistic, full-motion Boeing 737 virtual reality simulator.
The following table shows the price movement of the major airline players over the past week and during the last six months.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The NYSE ARCA Airline Index increased by 2.6% to $59.58 as most airline stocks traded in the green over the past week. The upside followed President Donald Trump's announcement that he would pause the reciprocal import taxes for 90 days. Over the past six months, the NYSE ARCA Airline Index has decreased 16.5%.
Amid the tariff-induced uncertainties, first-quarter 2025 earnings reports of many airlines are expected in the coming days. For example, Alaska Air is scheduled to report quarterly results on April 23. While its top line is likely to have been hurt by the slowdown in domestic air travel demand, the bottom line is expected to have been boosted by reduced fuel costs.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
LATAM Airlines Group S.A. (LTM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Controladora Vuela Compania de Aviacion, S.A.B. de C.V. (VLRS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
However, the Trump administration’s 25% steel and aluminum tariffs and China’s export controls of critical minerals could affect the aircraft manufacturing titan’s progress.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s Top 10 Stocks Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ:AAL) stands against other Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s top stock picks with huge upside potential. Wall Street is overflowing with data. If companies […]
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.