Title: Morgan Stanley, Citi cut US earnings estimates as season starts
Date: 2025-04-14 08:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/morgan-stanley-citi-cut-us-085941613.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — Morgan Stanley (MS) and Citigroup Inc. (C) slashed their estimates for 2025 earnings as companies kick off their first-quarter reports, joining a wave of Wall Street banks warning that tariffs will curb profit growth.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Inside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick Collection
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
Citi’s head of US equity strategy, Scott Chronert lowered his 2025 prediction for the S&P 500 to 5,800 from 6,500, predicated on earnings of $255 a share for companies in the index, down from a previous $270 projection. At Morgan Stanley, Mike Wilson cut his 2025 earnings-per-share forecast to $257 from $271.
“The 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs and further concessions over the weekend lessen the near-term probability of a recession, but uncertainty remains high,” said Wilson, who sees the S&P 500 trading in a range from 5,000-5,500. The index finished last week at 5,363.36.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) has fallen 8.8% this year on concern that investors increasingly are shifting away from US assets. The selloff was worsened by Donald Trump’s “reciprocal” tariffs policy and the tit-for-tat spat with China. Investors are rushing to game out how the effective freezing of Chinese trade will impact companies and growth.
Morgan Stanley’s Wilson warned that the S&P 500 could slump back below 5,000 and retest last week’s lows if 10-year Treasuries yields surge above 5% from the current 4.46%. A larger trade deal with China that significantly reduces tariffs still in place would cause significant upside, he said.
Read: ‘No Place to Hide’ as Stress Spreads Across Assets: Taking Stock
The first signs of a slowdown in global trade are already emerging as companies around the world hit their own pause button on orders. If anything, Trump is extending the uncertainty that has already begun to drag on business and consumer sentiment.
“No doubt, the goldilocks sentiment in place entering this year has given way to abject uncertainty,” Chronert wrote in a note. “This is for good reason as the Trump administration’s announced tariff approach is set to disrupt” a global trade system that has developed since China entered the World Trade Organization in 2001.
Companies’ attempts to pass through tariff-driven price increases threaten the US consumers’ incomes, who’s spending power has already been sapped by post-pandemic inflation.
While a recession is not their base case, the probability for a mild one remains high, according to Chronert and Wilson.
Some impacts are already visible. Delta Air Lines Inc. withdrew its full-year financial guidance due to uncertainty surrounding global trade last week.
In a difficult environment, Wilson recommends looking for opportunities in industries where prices already reflect the risks, including transports, materials, semiconductors, autos and pharma/biotech as well as hardware, while leaning towards bearish bets in areas such as consumer discretionary and staples stocks.
—With assistance from Michael Msika.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo'sTermsandPrivacy Policy
Does JPM stock deserve a place in your investment portfolio after posting an upbeat Q1 performance? Let's find out.
Citi joined a string of brokerages, including Goldman Sachs and BofA, in slashing their benchmark index target below the 6000 mark.  Citi's current year-end target stands at 5800, below its previous estimate of 6500, while it also cut the index's earnings-per-share(EPS) projection to $255 from $270.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.