Title: ACIP Votes to Expand Recommendation for Pfizer’s RSV Vaccine ABRYSVO® to Include Adults Aged 50 to 5
Date: 2025-04-16 20:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/acip-votes-expand-recommendation-pfizer-201500828.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: Vote expands existing recommendation, which was for all adults aged 75 and older and high-risk adults aged 60 to 74 NEW YORK, April 16, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) announced today that the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) voted to expand its recommendation for the use of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) vaccines approved for adults 50-59 years of age at increased risk of RSV-associated lower respiratory tract disease (LRTD). This includes ABRYSVO®(Respiratory Syncytial Virus Vaccine), which in October 2024, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved for the prevention of RSV-associated LRTD in adults aged 18 to 59 at increased risk of severe disease. According to the CDC, between 15,000 - 20,000 RSV-associated hospitalizations occur annually in U.S. adults aged 50 - 59 years.1The risk of hospitalization is highest among those adults with one or more underlying medical conditions such as obesity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD), asthma, and other chronic or immunocompromising conditions.1With respect to ABRYSVO, ACIP stated: ACIP recommends adults 50–59 years of age who are at increased risk of severe RSV disease receive a single dose of RSV vaccine. "With its vote to expand adult RSV vaccination recommendations, ACIP has taken an important step toward protecting individuals aged 50 to 59 who have underlying medical conditions that increase their risk for severe RSV illness," said Alejandro Cane, Vice President, Vaccines and Antivirals U.S. Medical Lead, Pfizer. "We are proud that ABRYSVO has the broadest indication among RSV vaccines, covering older adults, adults 18 and older at heightened risk of severe disease, and pregnant women to help protect infants." The updated ACIP recommendation, which lowers the recommended age for RSV vaccination from 60 to 50 for high-risk adults, is pending final approval by the director of the CDC and the Department of Health and Human Services. ABOUT RSVRespiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is a contagious virus and a common cause of respiratory illness.2The virus can affect the lungs and breathing passages of an infected individual, potentially causing severe illness or death.3,4Chronic cardiovascular disease, chronic lung disease, moderate or severe immune compromise, diabetes with complications, and severe obesity are among the conditions that increase an individual’s risk for severe RSV.5There are two major subgroups of RSV: RSV-A and RSV-B. Both subgroups cause disease and can co-circulate or alternate predominance from season to season.

