Why Viking Therapeutics, Inc. (VKTX) Skyrocketed On Monday_
2025-04-15 04:40
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-viking-therapeutics-inc-vktx-044028854.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list ofBiotech Stocks Dominate Monday’s Top 10 Gainers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Viking Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VKTX) stands against other biotech stocks that dominate Monday’s top gainers.The stock market kicked off the shortened trading week on a positive note, with Wall Street’s major indices finishing in the green following President Donald Trump’s temporary tax reprieve on technology companies.The S&P 500 recorded the highest gain, up 0.79 percent, while the Dow Jones came second at 0.78 percent. The tech-heavy Nasdaq was also up by 0.64 percent.Benchmark indices aside, 10 companies dominated by biotechnology firms mirrored the broader market optimism, recording modest gains during the session.In this article, let us explore Monday’s top 10 gainers and the reasons behind their gains.To come up with the list, we only considered the stocks with $2 billion market capitalization and $5 million trading volume.A microbiologist in protective gear studying samples in a laboratory.Viking Therapeutics Inc. saw its share prices jump by 10.58 percent on Monday to finish at $24.57 apiece following news that Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) will discontinue the development of its oral obesity medication, danuglipron, amid safety concerns.According to PFE, the decision came after a patient experienced a potential liver injury linked to the drug.The scrapped plans, however, spelled good news for VKTX which is similarly underway with the development of an oral weight loss candidate called VK2735, with PFE now out of the competition.In other news, reports surfaced last month that PFE was set to take over VKTX, and tapped Morgan Stanley as its advisor for the acquisition.The rumors came days after VKTX released its earnings performance in the fourth quarter of the year, widening its net loss by 44 percent to $35.4 million from the $24.6 million in the same period a year earlier.Net loss for full-year 2024 also widened by 28 percent to $109.96 million from $85.895 million in 2023.Overall, VKTXranks 5thon our list of biotech stocks that dominate Monday’s top gainers. While we acknowledge the potential of VKTX as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than VKTX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.Palantir shares jumped nearly 5% Monday to extend last week’s recovery following news that NATO had acquired the analytics software provider’s AI-enabled military system. Monitor these key levels on the weekly chart.We recently published a list of Biotech Stocks Dominate Monday’s Top 10 Gainers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where MP Materials (NYSE:MP) stands against other biotech stocks that dominate Monday’s top gainers. The stock market kicked off the shortened trading week on a positive note, with Wall Street’s major […]We recently published a list of Tech Firms Dominate Monday’s 10 Worst Performers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Unity Software Inc. (NYSE:U) stands against other tech firms that dominate Monday’s worst performers. Wall Street’s main indices kicked off the trading week in the green territory, albeit with minimal gains, […]The Facebook founder and CEO took the stand on the first day of the FTC's antitrust case against Meta. The stakes are high, and not just for Zuck.Pfizer bows, but is not entirely out of the GLP-1 race.We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new […](Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortagePresident Donald Trump’s administration pressed forward with plans to impose tariffs on semiconductor and pharmaceutical imports by initiating tradeWe recently published a list of Tech Firms Dominate Monday’s 10 Worst Performers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where IonQ Inc. (NYSE:IONQ) stands against other tech firms that dominate Monday’s worst performers. Wall Street’s main indices kicked off the trading week in the green territory, albeit with minimal gains, […]How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.