Pfizer Inc. (PFE)_ “Dead Money… Close the Casket,” Says Jim Cramer
2025-04-14 16:53
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-inc-pfe-dead-money-165323179.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar.On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new tariffs comes to an end. While discussing the latest Consumer Price Index report, Cramer acknowledged that the numbers looked favorable, with inflation appearing relatively tame and even some categories experiencing actual price declines. He pointed to energy prices, saying, “The best, anything it touched energy, which is plummeting.”READ ALSO:Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocksand10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently.“This is essentially an embargo. President Trump’s ecstatic that the tariffs are already taking in $2 billion a day. He’s thrilled that supposedly 75 countries are begging for something more reasonable than the 90-day pause when the 90-day pause comes to an end.”According to Cramer, President Trump is “ecstatic” that these tariffs are already generating $2 billion a day in revenue and is thrilled about 75 countries “supposedly” asking for something more workable once the 90-day grace period concludes. Despite the seemingly positive revenue flow, Cramer expressed concern over the broader consequences. He pointed out that many Americans have yet to grasp the full impact of trade policies that have allowed foreign businesses to flood U.S. markets with inexpensive products, often pricing out domestic companies.While many consumers embraced the lower costs, Cramer reminded his audience that it came at the expense of American jobs. “Now we’re going to have to pay a price. He stressed that consumers should be prepared to pay significantly more for a wide range of goods. He said that the additional cost largely will likely benefit foreign companies, which will hike prices in response to the tariffs imposed on them. He clarified his position by stating he is not a staunch advocate of free trade for its own sake. “No other country plays by the rules on trade, so we shouldn’t either,” he said but cautioned:“We just have to be more thoughtful about this or we’ll end up doing more harm than good. Again, as someone who wants fair trade, not free trade, I am rooting for the president to pull this off, but not at the expense of great American companies that have done nothing wrong and are the best in the world.”For this article, we compiled a list of 10 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 10. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).A medical technician wearing protective gloves and a mask mixing a biopharmaceutical solution.Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 92A caller asked if Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) was a buy or not and Cramer remarked:“Well, let me tell you something… right now, we have a government that is trying to figure out whether it’s going to tax the heck out of drug companies, raise tariffs outta drug companies or not. I can’t make a prediction anymore. It yields 8%. Normally I say fine, but you know what? Let’s say you decide, you know what, we need big tariffs on Pfizer. You’ll say, wow, I’m buying that stock at 18 rather than 21. So I’m going to have to say, pass.”Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) focuses on discovering, creating, manufacturing, and supplying biopharmaceutical products. Its work covers areas such as heart health, infectious illness, cancer treatment, immune system conditions, and vaccines. On March 31, Cramer said:“Is Pfizer dead money? I mean I think it’s been mummified. I don’t know. I mean it’s like, wow. Look at that thing. Close the casket… Alright, Pfizer is unfortunately dead money. Dr. Bourla’s a terrific guy… what can I say? He’s a terrific guy. He’s a terrific guy.”Overall, PFEranks 1ston our list of stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. While we acknowledge the potential of PFE as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than PFE but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.Markets have been unsettled at the start of 2025, with considerable uncertainty regarding President Donald Trump's economic policies and how things will unfold.  The company posted a strong year of growth and turned in its first full-year positive net income, but SoFi stock has fallen 31% since the turn of the new year.  Here's what investors need to know about buying SoFi today.We recently published a list of Biotech Stocks Dominate Monday’s Top 10 Gainers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Viking Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VKTX) stands against other biotech stocks that dominate Monday’s top gainers. The stock market kicked off the shortened trading week on a positive note, with Wall Street’s major […]We recently published a list of 10 Best Hardware Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) stands against other best hardware stocks to buy now. Are the Tariffs Impacting PC Shipments? The computer hardware industry comprises personal computers, PC peripherals, storage […]The Federal Trade Commission alleges that the company engaged in a ‘systematic strategy’ to eliminate competitive threats in the social media space.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettRetiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.