Title: Pfizer just had a big setback in its race for an Ozempic competitor
Date: 2025-04-14 14:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-just-had-big-setback-145553640.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Pfizer (PFE) announced Monday that it is ending development of its daily weight-loss pill following a liver injury to a patient participating in a trial. The patient, who was asymptomatic, recovered after they stopped taking the medication, according to a statement from the U.S.-based pharmaceutical giant. While the statement didn’t directly say the participant’s liver enzymes were elevated, it pointed out that “the overall frequency of liver enzyme elevations across the over 1,400 participant safety database of danuglipron is in-line with approved agents in the class.” This can often indicate damage to liver cells, an issue that has been linked to other weight-loss drugs, according to CNBC. “While we are disappointed to discontinue the development of danuglipron, we remain committed to evaluating and advancing promising programs in an effort to bring innovative new medicines to patients,” Pfizer chief scientific officer Dr. Chris Boshoff said in the release, adding that the company will continue developing other weight-loss drugs. Pfizer said that data from the trial will still be submitted to the scientific community for further study. Pfizer was developing danuglipron, an oral GLP-1 drug, as something of a rival to Ozempic and Wegovy, both of which are manufactured by Denmark-based Novo Nordisk (NVO). Early trials had shown that Pfizer’s pill resulted in about as much weight loss as Wegovy. An oral weight-loss medication would be far less invasive than the injections required by most GLP-1s. Like Pfizer, pharma giants including Novo Nordisk, Eli Lilly (LLY), and AstraZeneca (AZN) are working on their own oral weight-loss pills. Viking Therapeutics (VKTX), a San Diego-based pharma company, has also shown promising results in early trials. Despite the setback, Pfizer’s stock was up 0.9% Monday morning. Eli Lilly rose 1.6%, and Novo Nordisk rose 2.5%. For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Pfizer Inc. will stop developing an obesity pill after the treatment was linked to a potentially drug-related liver injury in a clinical trial patient. The company won't advance the once-daily medicine into the final stage of testing and will instead invest in earlier-stage treatments for obesity. Damian Garde reports on Bloomberg Television. The drugmaker said one patient became ill after being treated with its experimental weight-loss drug, danuglipron. Wall Street analysts said the results for Verve’s therapy appeared competitive on efficacy, while avoiding any major safety concerns — at least so far. Pfizer still has another obesity pill in development, PF-07976016, which is currently in a Phase IIa trial. Goldman Sachs lowered its outlook for U.S. hotels Monday, pointing to lagging consumer demand, growing economic uncertainty, and troubling signals from the airline industry. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […] The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
