Title: Apple, Alibaba, drugmaker stocks: Trending Tickers
Date: 2025-04-09 14:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-alibaba-drugmaker-stocks-trending-144322260.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Catalysts host Madison Mills and Trader Talk podcast host Kenny Polcari take a look at some of the day's top trending stocks. Apple (AAPL) is in focus after Microsoft (MSFT) replaced Apple as the most valuable company. Alibaba (BABA) reverses earlier gains after US tariffs went into effect. Drugmaker stocks, including Pfizer (PFE), Merck (MRK), and Eli Lilly (LLY), are falling after President Trump announced that pharmaceutical tariffs may be on the way. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here. It's now time for some of today's trending tickers, scan the QR code to track the best and worst performing stocks of the day with Yahoo Finances trending tickers page. Today we're following Apple, Alibaba and the drug makers. Let's take a look at Apple up 3% right now. As President Trump's 104% tariff on Chinese imports takes effect. Still, the stock's recent drop put Microsoft back on top as the most valuable company in the US this week. Kenny, your company slate stone has Apple as a top holding. Talk to me about whether or not anything has changed in your view from now. So at the moment we have not changed our view. The the the fundamentals for Apple, the original reason we own it have not really changed. Yeah, is the tariff did that throw a curve ball? It has, but we're not we're not in a position to say, okay, we're, you know, we're eliminating Apple from the portfolio. It's not just like I, you know, like we talked about before, I'll die with my Apple, you know, because it is what it is. Um, but no, Apple in our view and it's up today, so that's great. It makes me feel good because I own it as well. But, um, I think part of that is because it's off significantly, right? It's a lot of these big names that have been off that have been sold and they're off significantly where investors are finding opportunities, so. And they're also apparently finding opportunity in China today. We've seen China stocks ripping here. I do want to talk about Alibaba reversing its earlier gains. The Chinese tech company was seeing gains despite US tariffs on China taking effect and President Trump hitting China with that 104% trade levy. China hitting us back with that 84% tariff on all US goods. It was interesting. If you looked at Asian markets, every one of them were down overnight except Hong Kong and China. They were both up. China was up 1%. I think Hong Kong was up three quarters of a percent, but Taiwan was down 5%, Japan was down 3%. So, yeah, I think people are looking past uh and and uh China stocks today and and Alibaba. We can talk about that, I guess, right? Well, we can talk about, but one of the things I'm interested in is where investment thesis go as we're kind of taking a step back from globalization. We had China issuing a travel warning for citizens going to the US. Are US investors going to be interested in China stocks if this trade war gets to a point? So, I'm very biased because I don't own China stocks, right? And the reason I don't is because they don't play by the rules. The rules can change at any moment, right? You want a Chinese stock and then suddenly you wake up and they change the rules and, you know, your investment goes to pot. So I tend to have my China exposure through things like Apple, right? Right. I don't I don't invest directly into China, um, just because I think there are other places there's Europe, there's certainly in the US, there are other opportunities for kind of long-term investment where where I feel stable and safer, uh, because, you know, we're not going to change the rules the way China changes the rules. Well, and talking about changing the rules, Treasury Secretary's got best on Fox business morning saying that the US could potentially delist Chinese stocks as well. Well, there's been that, you know, that that conversation has been ongoing back and forth because they don't play by the same accounting rules. Um, and so there's been a lot of push and pull back and forth about, you know, what should we do with China stocks because they don't play by the by the US rules in terms of listings. Right. So that's going to be interesting to see if it finally catches, you know, catches on this time. Yeah, certainly a transparency question, but do want to talk to you about the drug makers falling today on President Trump's tariff threats. The President commenting at the National Republican Congressional Committee dinner saying he's going to announce a major tariff on pharmaceuticals very shortly. You can see on your screen, Pfizer, Merck, Eli Lilly, all moving to the downside. Kenny, are these ownable names in this environment? Well, so here you go. First of all, I think they are because they're they're big massive drug companies. Uh and so in the long term, yes, I think they are. Now, are they going to come under pressure with this? Certainly, investors are going to are selling it or some investors are selling it right now based on this news. But look, we need the the fact that a lot of our drugs are produced overseas and we're dependent on those markets to to to produce our drugs. I think is a national concern, right? So I think there has to be a push to for the US to produce our own drugs in house, quite honestly. So while I think this is not today is not necessarily a positive for the drug stocks, I think long term, uh those names, Lilly, Merck, all the names that you just mentioned are are fine long-term holdings. Is healthcare still a safe haven trade? Well, I think healthcare is a safe haven trade. Look, there's a there's a lot of us baby boomers that are getting ready, right? So I think healthcare is a safe haven trade. Um, again, when the market when the broad market's coming under pressure, they'll all come under pressure, but healthcare will come under less pressure. Yes. I'm bullish on healthcare certainly uh for the long term. Shares of several leading Chinese companies that trade in the U.S. were solidly higher Wednesday.  Alibaba gained more than 6%.  As such, Trump said he was going to raise so-called reciprocal tariffs on China to 125%. If you're a dividend investor, now can be an ideal time to go bargain-hunting.  The stock market is in the midst of a broad sell-off, with investors dumping all types of stocks, both bad ones and good ones.  Three dividend stocks that are near their 52-week lows and which may make for solid income-generating investments are Pfizer (NYSE: PFE), Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), and Rogers Communications (NYSE: RCI). When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” A deluge of cheap, imported shrimp tanked the economies of small shrimping towns like Bayou La Batre in southern Alabama. The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
