Title: Delta, Walmart, pharmaceutical stocks: Market Minute
Date: 2025-04-09 15:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/delta-walmart-pharmaceutical-stocks-market-151538726.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Catalysts host Madison Mills goes over some of the top stories of the day on this segment of Market Minute. Delta Air Lines (DAL) cut its full-year guidance as uncertainty around tariffs weighs on bookings. Walmart (WMT) walks back its first quarter profit guidance, citing tariff risks. Pharmaceutical stocks, including Pfizer (PFE), Novo Nordisk (NVO), and Eli Lilly (LLY), are under pressure after President Trump announced that there may be pharmaceutical tariffs underway. Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute. It's time for Yahoo! Finance's market minute. Stocks mixed. The Dow and S&P 500 you can see are under pressure. The tech heavy NASDAQ just above the flat line here, as investors digest the escalating trade war. Delta Airlines cut its flight expansion plans and said it can't reaffirm or update its full-year guidance. The CEO saying uncertainty around tariffs is leading to disappointing bookings, calling Trump's policies "the wrong approach." Delta shares are continuing to move to the upside now. Walmart walking back its first-quarter operating profit guidance citing tariff risks. The retailer saying it wants to "maintain flexibility to invest in price" as tariffs are implemented. Walmart shares are higher by about 3%. And shares of pharmaceutical stocks under pressure after President Trump confirmed tariffs on the sector are coming "very shortly." Trump did not provide guidance on when the announcement could be made, what will be targeted, or how much the tariffs will be. That's your Yahoo! Finance market minute. For more on what's trending, scan the QR code to track the best and worst performing stocks. Delta set aside a previously upbeat outlook, citing economic uncertainty and lackluster appetite for domestic leisure and business travel. Alcohol heavyweight Constellation Brands will undergo a review of its organizational structuring that is expected to save the company more than $200 million by 2028. After an incredibly rough stretch over the last four days of trading, this afternoon, President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on higher tariff rates for most countries, implementing a base 10% reciprocal level.  Airline stocks joined the party in a big way.  Shares of Delta Airlines (NYSE: DAL) rose over 23%, while shares of JetBlue (NASDAQ: JBLU) and United Airlines (NASDAQ: UAL) blasted roughly 19% and 26% higher, respectively. Shares of the Corona beer maker fell about 4% in extended trading as it also lowered its medium-term projections for net sales.  For the fiscal year 2026, it forecast adjusted profit per share in the range of $12.60 to $12.90, compared with estimates of $13.97, according to data compiled by LSEG.  The liquor maker also announced the sale of several of its wine brands such as Cook's and Meiomi to California-based The Wine Group for an undisclosed amount, and said it will review its organizational structuring. Zacks.com users have recently been watching Enphase Energy (ENPH) quite a bit. Thus, it is worth knowing the facts that could determine the stock's prospects. Walmart maintains its outlook despite Trump tariffs taking hold. Bulls, bears and dead cats are lurking in the background of President Donald Trump's trade war.  As the effects of the administration's latest tariffs unfold, news consumers may confront unfamiliar terms related to investments or financial markets.  A bear market is a term used by Wall Street when an index such as the S&P 500 or the Dow Jones Industrial Average has fallen 20% or more from a recent high for a sustained period of time. In the latest trading session, Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH) closed at $108.07, marking a +1.29% move from the previous day. LBRT, Range Resources and Imperial Land collaborate on a natural gas power plant project, providing energy for a state-of-the-art data center in Washington County. We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher Asset […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
