Title: Pfizer, Nvidia, Intel: Stocks in 30
Date: 2025-04-14 14:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/pfizer-nvidia-intel-stocks-30-143753704.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Brad Smith and Madison Mills take a closer look at some of today's trending tickers. Pfizer (PFE) discontinued its obesity drug after the pill was tied to a potentially drug-induced liver injury. Nvidia (NVDA) says it will make it the first artificial intelligence (AI) supercomputer in the US, marking heavy investment in the US while President Trump imposes hefty tariffs on foreign imports. Intel (INTC) sells its controlling stake in Altera to Silver Lake. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. We're taking a closer look at some trending tickers this morning. We're doing this in 30 seconds each. We're watching Pfizer, Nvidia and Intel. First off, Pfizer will stop developing an obesity pill after it was linked to a potential drug-related liver injury in one patient enrolled in a clinical trial. The injury did resolve after the person stopped taking the drug. The company says after reviewing all of the clinical trial data and input from regulators, they are discontinuing the drug. This is a blow to Pfizer, as it competes with the likes of Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly in the weight loss drug space. Plus, Nvidia announcing a big investment in the US. The chipmaker says it's working with manufacturing partners to design and build factories that will produce its AI supercomputers entirely in the states. Nvidia has commissioned more than a million square feet of manufacturing space to build and test Nvidia Blackwell chips in Arizona, and AI supercomputers in Texas. Then, the next four years, Nvidia will produce up to half a trillion dollars of AI infrastructure in the US through partnerships with TSMC, Foxconn and others. And Intel announcing it has entered into an agreement to sell 51% of its Altera business to tech investing leader Silver Lake Management. The transaction values Altera at $8.75 billion. Intel will continue to hold a 49% stake in the business. The transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2025. Intel also announcing a new CEO for Altera effective May 5th, 2025. The deal is part of Intel's turnaround strategy, as it's lost market share in recent years, falling behind the curve in the AI race. You can scan the QR code below to track the best or worst performing stocks of the session with Yahoo Finance's Trending Tickers page. ↗️ Goldman Sachs (GS): The Wall Street bank posted better-than-expected results, boosted by a surge in equities trading in the first quarter, which ended just before President Trump's sweeping tariffs. We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining the […] (Bloomberg) -- Intel Corp. has agreed to sell a 51% stake in its programmable chips unit Altera to Silver Lake Management, making good on plans to start spinning off non-core assets.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThe transaction values Altera at $8.75 billion, accordi With the stock market whipsawing amid to on-again, off-again tariffs, now is a great time scoop up some great stocks at discounted prices.  Nvidia's (NASDAQ: NVDA) graphics processing units (GPUs) have become the backbone of AI infrastructure due to their superior processing capabilities that are ideal for running AI workloads.  Meanwhile, the company's CUDA software platform has created a wide moat for the company in the GPU space due to how easily it allows developers to program its chips for various AI tasks. Pfizer bows, but is not entirely out of the GLP-1 race. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
