Title: Trump’s Tariff Threat Sparks Race to Find US Drug Manufacturers
Date: 2025-04-07 19:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-tariff-threat-sparks-race-191812489.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Drug manufacturers are rushing to reshape their supply chains amid President Donald Trump’s escalating tariff threats, leading to a potential windfall for contractors that make medications in the US. Most Read from Bloomberg Housing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC Headquarters This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing Those lesser-known firms, such as Lonza Group AG, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Catalent Inc., help big pharma companies with their complex supply chains, from filling syringes and producing pills all the way to manufacturing complicated biologic drugs from scratch. So as the health-care industry scrambles to minimize the impact of tariffs, conversations between drugmakers and the companies that can quickly ramp production in the US have taken on a new sense of urgency. “People are definitely more nervous,” said Lars Petersen, chief executive officer of Fujifilm Diosynth Biotechnologies, which is targeting the industry to drive its growth. “This would actually be a good situation for us. We definitely see an advantage.” Even before Trump took office, drugmakers were moving more manufacturing to the US because of the rising threat of natural disasters, outbreaks like Covid and pending legislation that underscored the risks of far-flung supply chains. The Biosecure Act, legislation that cited national security concerns to cut some Chinese companies, like WuXi AppTec Co., out of their key role in drug development, underscored the political risks of the industry’s global approach. “That alerted the pharmaceutical industry that there are some red flags around trade tensions with the United States and the rest of the world,” said Donald Hooker, head of research for Bourne Partners, a health-care financial services firm. Trump’s presence in the White House has intensified supply chain worries. In February, the president met with CEOs from Pfizer Inc. and Eli Lilly & Co. where he warned them to move manufacturing back to the US or risk facing tariffs. A week later, Lilly held an event in Washington to announce a $27 billion investment in domestic production. Though drugs were excluded from a fresh round of tariff announcements at the White House last week, the industry expects them to come soon. Drugmakers “are moving quickly” in talks with contractors to move even more manufacturing work to the US, said Gil Roth, president of the Pharma & Biopharma Outsourcing Association, a trade group representing contract manufacturers. Fujifilm, perhaps best known for its work with cameras, has facilities across the US, from California to North Carolina. It’s already fielding intense interest from pharma companies for an expansion that’s expected to come online in early 2028, according to its CEO. “I thought people would wait until [tariff] decisions are made, but they’re not waiting because they’re afraid if they wait, they’ll be too late,” Petersen said. Supply Changes Still, it’s unclear what Trump’s trade policy will ultimately look like, and how much the drug supply chain can change. Even if there are tariffs on pharmaceuticals, drugmakers won’t swap contract manufacturers overnight, Bourne’s Hooker said. For complicated drugs, contract manufacturers might be involved early in the research process during clinical trials, making it difficult to change later on. “You’re going to do everything possible to sustain an existing CDMO relationship,” Hooker said, using the industry acronym for contract development and manufacturing organizations. Additionally, parts of the supply chain will probably be outside the US for the foreseeable future, experts say. The US is still heavily dependent on other countries for active ingredients that go into drugs, according to Roth. Much of that is sourced from China, India, Europe and other regions. Because there are controls on the price of drugs, tariffs could hurt the bottom line of drugmakers and lead them to scale back research, according to Lilly Chief Executive Officer Dave Ricks. “We have to eat the cost of the tariffs and make trade offs within our own companies,” Ricks told the BBC last week. “Typically that will be in reduction of staff or research and development (R&D) and I predict R&D will come first. That’s a disappointing outcome.” --With assistance from Damian Garde. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal With Shake Shack in First Class, Airline Food Is No Longer a Joke India’s Destination Weddings Fuel a New Tourist Economy China Tells Kids to Study Manufacturing to Fill Factory Jobs ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. After a wild Monday, equity trading appears to have calmed somewhat even as the U.S.-inspired trade war ratchets up.  Speculation about a devaluation of China's yuan has moved center stage along with a snapback in U.S. Treasury yields.  * China refused to bow to what it called "blackmail" from the United States as a global trade war ignited by President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs showed little sign of abating on Tuesday. Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Lilly (LLY). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store. (Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.President Donald Trump said his long-promised tariffs on pharmaceutical drugs will be coming soon, the latest signal that he plans to press ahead with more sectoral tariffs despite market fallout from his global levies.“We are going to be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals,” Trump said Tuesday at a fundraising gala for House Republicans, without providing details on the planned levy.“O As the next leg of the rapidly escalating trade war comes into view, investors remain shell-shocked, extending a deep stock market rout and flocking to the safe-haven yen and Swiss franc, awaiting, and hoping, for some semblance of good news.  At the stroke of midnight (U.S. hours), President Donald Trump's reciprocal tariffs took effect, including 104% levies on Chinese goods, keeping fears of recession alive and upending a global trading order that has persisted for decades.  That has left investors scurrying for cover as the relief rally on Wednesday fizzled out and Asian stock markets were a sea of red. T appears to be treading in the middle of the road and investors could be better off if they trade with caution. The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
