Title: Trump says pharmaceutical tariffs may be coming: What to know
Date: 2025-04-09 14:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/trump-says-pharmaceutical-tariffs-may-141157823.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Drugmaker stocks, including Eli Lilly (LLY), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Merck (MRK), and Pfizer (PFE), are under pressure on Wednesday after President Trump announced that he may impose tariffs on pharmaceutical imports. Yahoo Finance Senior Health Reporter Anjalee Khemlani joins Morning Brief to break down the details. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. Well drug makers are falling today after President Trump announced tariffs on pharmaceutical imports could be coming shortly. Yahoo finances, Angeli Camlani is here now with more on the potential levies. Angeli, what can you tell us? That's right, Manny. We heard from President Trump last night at the National Republican Congressional Committee dinner saying, quote, "We're going to be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals, and when they hear that, they will leave China. They will leave other places because most of their product is sold here." He's right about that last part. The US market is a large one for pharmaceuticals. Um, but there is question, there are questions about which companies will be hit more than others. You can see on your screen some of the stocks that are getting hit, some of the ones that are native to the US and do have manufacturing already set up in the US. We've heard already some of these commit to even further expansion, including Johnson & Johnson with a $55 billion commitment, Eli Lilly with $27 billion, and Merck with about eight billion in recent months, in anticipation of this announcement and of the tariffs. We know that they were exempt from the initial round of tariffs that were hit, uh, hitting country specifically, uh, but we do know that also, um, those that are based in the EU, for example, or in, in Europe in general, have a little bit more concern about the impact of the tariffs. Names like AstraZeneca, GSK, as well as Sanofi are among those that are headquartered overseas, but they do, some of them do have some manufacturing here. Also, questions about, um, the general supply chain of pharma, which includes, you know, active ingredients, which are base formula ingredients from China and other countries versus the fill and finish process, which is the end process that takes place here in the United States. All of it a very complex question for these companies. There are also trade groups in Europe that's already warned the EU that they will see a shift to the US and an outflow of capital if it does not, uh, strengthen its own rules and regulations in the country to kind of encourage companies to stay there. So a lot going on right now. We do now, we don't know the details of any potential tariffs, so we just have to wait and see what those numbers look like in order to know the true impact. Angeli, thanks so much. Appreciate it. President Donald Trump's administration is considering softening its proposed fee on China-linked ships visiting U.S. ports after a flood of negative feedback from industries that said the idea could be economically devastating, according to six sources.  Among the changes under consideration are delayed implementation and new fee structures designed to reduce the overall cost to visiting Chinese vessels, according to the six sources with knowledge of the matter.  The sources asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of the issue. Both LLY and NVO are leading pharmaceutical companies specializing in diabetes and obesity treatments. The P/B ratio helps to identify low-priced stocks with high growth prospects. GM, JD, PFE, STNE and ENS are some such stocks. (Bloomberg) -- The angry mutterings at the Permian Basin Petroleum Association’s “Spring Swing” golf tournament this week weren’t all about missed putts or lost balls. The Texas oilmen on the fairways had a more serious concern: The president they helped elect was tanking oil prices.The market rout sparked by President Donald Trump’s trade war is touching almost every part of the economy. But there are probably few industries feeling more aggrieved right now than US shale oil. Over the last 15 y As everyone who follows equity markets knows, stocks are feeling the heat from President Donald Trump's macroeconomic policies.  On April 3, the president announced sweeping tariffs on goods imported into the U.S. from basically every country on planet Earth.  One of them is the pharmaceutical industry. My cash position has helped mute some of the impact of the recent major sell-off while providing me with capital to go on the offensive.  Topping my list are Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.B)(NYSE: BRK.A), Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), and Brookfield Infrastructure (NYSE: BIPC)(NYSE: BIP).  Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is a wealth-creating machine. When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
