Title: 1 of Wall Street’s Favorite Stock on Our Buy List and 2 to Ignore
Date: 2025-04-16 13:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-wall-street-favorite-stock-130155680.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Wall Street has set ambitious price targets for the stocks in this article. While this suggests attractive upside potential, it’s important to remain skeptical because analysts face institutional pressures that can sometimes lead to overly optimistic forecasts.
Luckily for you, we at StockStory have no conflicts of interest - our sole job is to help you find genuinely promising companies. Keeping that in mind, here is one stock where Wall Street’s excitement appears well-founded and two where its enthusiasm might be excessive.
Consensus Price Target: $85.52 (42.7% implied return)
Originally selling Japanese Onitsuka Tiger sneakers as Blue Ribbon Sports, Nike (NYSE:NKE) is a global titan in athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories.
Why Do We Avoid NKE?
Underwhelming constant currency revenue performance over the past two years suggests its product offering at current prices doesn’t resonate with customers
Forecasted revenue decline of 6.3% for the upcoming 12 months implies demand will fall even further
Shrinking returns on capital suggest that increasing competition is eating into the company’s profitability
At $54.60 per share, Nike trades at 27.1x forward price-to-earnings.Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including NKE in your portfolio, it’s free.
Consensus Price Target: $4.41 (127% implied return)
Originally a division of American Airlines, Sabre (NASDAQ:SABR) is a technology provider for the global travel and tourism industry.
Why Should You Dump SABR?
Number of total bookings has disappointed over the past two years, indicating weak demand for its offerings
Poor free cash flow margin of -0.8% for the last two years limits its freedom to invest in growth initiatives, execute share buybacks, or pay dividends
Short cash runway increases the probability of a capital raise that dilutes existing shareholders
Sabre’s stock price of $2.16 implies a valuation ratio of 11.7x forward price-to-earnings.To fully understand why you should be careful with SABR, check out our full research report (it’s free).
Consensus Price Target: $215.51 (21.2% implied return)
Also known as Wabtec, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies (NYSE:WAB) provides equipment, systems, and related software for the railway industry.
Why Will WAB Outperform?
Existing business lines can expand without risky acquisitions as its organic revenue growth averaged 10.8% over the past two years
Performance over the past two years was turbocharged by share buybacks, which enabled its earnings per share to grow faster than its revenue
Free cash flow margin expanded by 7.1 percentage points over the last five years, providing additional flexibility for investments and share buybacks/dividends
Wabtec is trading at $172.20 per share, or 19.9x forward price-to-earnings. Is now the time to initiate a position?See for yourself in our comprehensive research report, it’s free.
Donald Trump’s victory in the 2024 U.S. Presidential Election sent major indices to all-time highs, but stocks have retraced as investors debate the health of the economy and the potential impact of tariffs.
While this leaves much uncertainty around 2025, a few companies are poised for long-term gains regardless of the political or macroeconomic climate, like ourTop 6 Stocks for this week. This is a curated list of ourHigh Qualitystocks that have generated a market-beating return of 175% over the last five years.
Stocks that made our list in 2019 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+2,183% between December 2019 and December 2024) as well as under-the-radar businesses like Axon (+711% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free.
(Bloomberg) -- The Stellantis NV assembly plant in Windsor, Ontario, rises like an industrial temple on the city’s outskirts. On a typical day, smoke drifts from its sprawling labyrinth of pipes as workers assemble Chrysler Pacifica minivans and Dodge Chargers. But the building has been eerily quiet since its doors shut last week.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burde
The hedge fund, which owns about 1% of Lyft, said it nominated Alan Bazaar and Daniel Silvers for election to the board of the company, which has underperformed rival Uber Technologies and the broader market.  "There is an urgent need for shareholder-driven change in Lyft's boardroom, which is unfortunately dominated by misaligned founders and independent directors with insufficient public market experience," said Arnaud Ajdler, Engine Capital's founder and portfolio manager.  Lyft's shares were up 1%, after it announced its entry into European markets by acquiring Germany's FreeNow mobility platform for nearly $200 million.
(Bloomberg) -- When the world’s biggest aluminum- and steel-makers report first-quarter earnings, investors are hoping they’ll offer a window into how President Donald Trump’s tariff measures will ripple through the industry in the coming year. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe administration’
Managing director Kimberly Jones says that employees at the company pick who they want to work with based on their skills, not titles.
U.S. retail sales increased by the most in more than two years in March as households stepped up purchases of motor vehicles and a range of other goods to avoid higher prices from tariffs, likely barely keeping the economy afloat in the first quarter.  "While we are likely to avoid a negative first-quarter gross domestic product print, it will only just scrape above zero and the potential rebound in the second quarter is unlikely to be huge given tariffs are soon going to be noticed at a time when consumer confidence is under pressure," said James Knightley, chief international economist at ING.  Retail sales increased 1.4% last month, the largest gain since January 2023, after an unrevised 0.2% rise in February, the Commerce Department's Census Bureau said.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump’s crypto project World Liberty Financial has signed a new partner: A market maker that has been accused in press reports of manipulative trading activity.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsCrypto trading house DWF Labs bought $25 million worth of World Liberty’
Pervasive uncertainty makes it unusually challenging to project GDP growth and inflation in Canada and globally.  Instead, the April Monetary Policy Report (MPR) presents two scenarios that explore different paths for US trade policy.
The World Trade Organization says the volume of trade in goods worldwide is likely to decrease by 0.2% this year due to U.S. President Donald Trump’s shifting tariff policies and a standoff with China, but it would take a more severe hit if Trump carries through on his toughest “reciprocal” tariffs.  The decline in trade will be particularly steep in North America even without the stiffest tariffs, the global trade forum said Wednesday, with exports there this year expected to fall by 12.6% and imports by 9.6%.  The WTO based its report on the tariff situation as of Monday.
The World Trade Organization sharply cut its forecast for global merchandise trade from solid growth to a decline on Wednesday, saying further U.S. tariffs and spillover effects could lead to the heaviest slump since the height of the COVID pandemic.  The WTO said it expected trade in goods to fall by 0.2% this year, down from its expectation in October of 3.0% expansion.  "I'm very concerned, the contraction in global merchandise trade growth is of big concern," WTO Director General Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala told reporters in Geneva.
Shares of Autoliv surged Wednesday morning after the Swedish airbag and seatbelt maker reported first-quarter profit well above expectations.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.