Title: Reviving the Sneaker Resale Market
Date: 2025-04-14 15:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/reviving-sneaker-resale-market-151934823.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
As uncertainty ripples through retailers - specialty stores could face a major crunch. Sneaker heads have been flocking to StockX for nearly a decade to get their hands on the latest releases. Now the online marketplace is facing risks of a slowdown as consumers tighten their wallets. Greg Schwartz, StockX President & CEO joined "Bloomberg Open interest" in the C-Suite to talk retails growth opportunity.
As vendors raced to stockpile U.S. inventory, end-users remained cautious during the first quarter of the year, Gartner's Rishi Padhi said.
Clients in 10 states will now be able to trade stocks and crypto from one platform.
Investors are reeling over MANTRA’s OM token crash that has erased $5 billion in market cap within hours. Plus, Jack Dorsey, Elon Musk push to "delete all IP law" and Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin calls for improving privacy. CoinDesk's Christine Lee breaks down April 14, 2025 top headlines on "CoinDesk Daily."
The halt in exports is particularly concerning as it could lead to the depletion of stockpiles if the situation persists beyond two months.
With top partners, NVIDIA announces U.S. AI chip production while AI Agent tokens rise slightly but with a drop in trading volume.
Americans’ expectations for near-term inflation hit the highest level since the fall of 2023 in March, amid a souring in the public’s assessment of their personal finances and hiring prospects, a report from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said on Monday.  The bank said that in its latest Survey of Consumer Expectations, respondents see inflation a year from now at 3.6%, up from 3.1% in February, matching the same level last seen in October 2023.  The sharp increase in near-term expectations came as the projected level of inflation three years from now held steady at 3%, while the forecast for inflation in five years tipped down to 2.9% in March from 3% the prior month.
Nike initiated, GM downgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls
Cerved, an Italian credit data firm owned by global financial data and software group ION, has hired a former intelligence services official as chairman, in the latest sign of the growing importance of corporate data safety.  Cerved, which was acquired and taken private by ION in 2021, said it had named Luca Peyrano as chief executive and Giuseppe Del Deo, the former deputy head of Italy's Department of Information Security (DIS), as executive chairman.
The drugmaker said one patient became ill after being treated with its experimental weight-loss drug, danuglipron.
That comes at the expense of drugstores, department stores, mass merchandisers and even specialty beauty retailers, per TD Cowen.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.