Title: S&P 500 Notches Its Best Week Since November 2023: Markets Wrap
Date: 2025-04-11 21:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euro-advances-treasuries-sell-off-055911617.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Wall Street’s gyrations shook markets anew, with stocks erasing losses to notch their best week since 2023. The rally came as a rout in bonds and the dollar abated, following a few chaotic days that underscored fears foreign investors are beating a retreat from American assets.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap
Midtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall Collapse
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Volatility shows little signs of easing as concerns that President Donald Trump’s fast-evolving trade policy is not only shaking the global economy, but threatening the US status as the world’s safe haven. The S&P 500 jumped 1.8% on a report that a Federal Reserve official said the central bank is ready to help stabilize markets, if needed. US 10-year yields came well off Friday’s highs, but saw their biggest weekly surge in over two decades.
“Markets remain emotionally charged,” said Mark Hackett at Nationwide. “Markets are still searching for footing amid unresolved trade tensions, earnings uncertainty, and macroeconomic headwinds. While this week’s gains are encouraging, they shouldn’t be mistaken for a clear turning point.”
Subscribe to the Stock Movers Podcast on Apple, Spotify and other Podcast Platforms.
Not since the pandemic has there been this little clarity on the outlook for economies, markets and businesses, with China unleashing retaliatory measures and Trump pausing some levies only hours after they took effect.
Variations of “uncertainty,” “unknowns” and “turbulence” arose again and again as three of the biggest US banks kicked off the industry’s earnings reports on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon said he expects “a kerfuffle” in Treasuries that prompts a Fed intervention.
If conditions become disorderly, the central bank “would absolutely be prepared” to help stabilize financial markets, Boston Fed President Susan Collins told the Financial Times. For now, she noted markets are continuing to function well, with no liquidity concerns overall.
“Fed put in play. That should ease some anxiety for now,” said James St. Aubin, chief investment officer at Ocean Park. Still, “the volatility itself is not a healthy sign. The sharp intraday rallies may seem comforting on the surface, but the whipsaws are a manifestation of overarching uncertainty.”
The S&P 500’s more than 10% intra intraweek trading range rivals the sharp price swings of the depths of the pandemic.
“Roller coaster is not a technical term, but it is probably the best adjective to describe price action across equity markets this week,” said Adam Turnquist at LPL Financial. “While there has been some recent technical progress, we recognize uncertainty and risks remain high, but argue it comes with the territory of any major market low.”
Signs of a capitulation were evident over the last week as momentum and breadth indicators reached levels commensurate with other major turning points in equity markets, he noted. But this doesn’t imply stocks will immediately shoot higher or that the period of high volatility is over, Turnquist said.
“Sentiment is the main market driver as there is little visibility,” said Crit Thomas, global market strategist at Touchstone Investments. “The tariff pause raised hopes for a path to negotiated resolutions and that the administration is paying attention to the markets. Now we wait to see what some of these trade deals look like.”
Despite President Trump’s pause on broad tariffs, investors are still looking to shun US assets in favor of Europe and other developed markets, according to the latest MLIV Pulse survey.
Of the 203 respondents to a poll conducted April 9-11, after Trump announced a 90-day reprieve on levies for most countries, 81% plan to either keep their exposure to US assets the same or decrease it.
More than a quarter of respondents said they’re curbing their investment more than they had anticipated before the president unveiled global tariffs of as much as 50% earlier this month.
Investors should sell any stock rallies until the US and China de-escalate the trade war and the Fed steps in, said Bank of America’s Michael Hartnett.
The strategist said Trump’s tariffs and the resulting market turmoil were turning US exceptionalism into “US repudiation.” He recommends a short position on stocks — until the S&P 500 hits 4,800 points — and a long bet on two-year Treasuries. The gauge closed at 5,363.36 on Friday.
“There’s a decent chance the bottom is in,” said Jeffrey Buchbinder at LPL Financial. “There’s plenty of evidence of a washout. But following the sharp rally off the lows, the risk-reward trade-off doesn’t look all that compelling, especially with the intensifying trade war with China.”
In the corporate world, big banks reported mixed results.
JPMorgan’s stock traders took in a record haul in the first quarter, but CEO Dimon struck a cautious tone about prospects for the US economy. Wells Fargo & Co. missed estimates for net interest income, with soft loan demand hurting the bank’s largest revenue stream. Morgan Stanley’s stock-traders delivered first-quarter revenue that exceeded analyst predictions.
Aside from the banks, investors will be eager for details on the US economy from executives whose firms cater to large swaths of American consumers and businesses.
To Ajay Rajadhyaksha of Barclays Plc, until Treasuries stabilize and start to behave normally, risk assets will struggle.
While the selloff in bonds eased somewhat on Friday, the benchmark 10-year rate jumped a half-percentage point over the past five days to 4.49%.
The rout in Treasuries, which was set off by the trade war that’s shaken global markets, is threatening to deal another hit to the economy by pushing up borrowing costs more broadly. It also cast doubt on their status as the world’s safe haven, sending investors into other assets like the Swiss franc, gold and the Japanese yen.
Several Wall Street economists maintained their forecasts for a sharp slowdown in US economic growth and warned recession risk is still elevated despite the Trump administration’s decision this week to delay major tariffs on a wide range of trading partners.
The lingering pessimism among economists contrasts somewhat with the signal from the stock market, which has rallied since Trump announced Wednesday that he was implementing a 90-day pause on previously announced “reciprocal” tariffs for countries other than China and raising the duty on Chinese imports to a whopping 145%.
In fact, Friday brought a fresh signal that consumers were queasy even before Wednesday’s policy shift, with a plunge in sentiment as inflation expectations soared to multi-decades highs.
Some of the main moves in markets:
Stocks
The S&P 500 rose 1.8% as of 4 p.m. New York time
The Nasdaq 100 rose 1.9%
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 1.6%
The MSCI World Index rose 1.5%
Currencies
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell 1%
The euro rose 1.2% to $1.1340
The British pound rose 0.8% to $1.3075
The Japanese yen rose 0.6% to 143.60 per dollar
Cryptocurrencies
Bitcoin rose 4.9% to $83,782.45
Ether rose 2.2% to $1,563.86
Bonds
The yield on 10-year Treasuries advanced five basis points to 4.47%
Germany’s 10-year yield declined one basis point to 2.57%
Britain’s 10-year yield advanced 11 basis points to 4.75%
Commodities
West Texas Intermediate crude rose 2.4% to $61.50 a barrel
Spot gold rose 1.7% to $3,231.73 an ounce
--With assistance from Robert Brand, Julien Ponthus and Anand Krishnamoorthy.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
"I know parts will be going up. I'm not sure to what degree yet."
Gold futures slipped as the U.S. offered a temporary reprieve on select Chinese-made tech products, although they stayed close to record highs.
During the COVID years, transportation providers were flooded with freight that needed to move yesterday. The current environment is flooded with freight that needs to move in a few weeks, maybe. The post Transportation demand shift looms in the fog of a trade war appeared first on FreightWaves.
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.