Title: How To Earn $500 A Month From Bank of America Stock Ahead Of Q1 Earnings
Date: 2025-04-14 12:48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/earn-500-month-bank-america-124853726.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Bank of America Corporation(NYSE:BAC) will release its first-quarter financial results before theopening bell on Tuesday, April 15.
Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at 82 cents per share, up from 76 cents per share in the year-ago period. Bank of America projects quarterly revenue of $26.91 billion, compared to $25.82 billion a year earlier, according to data fromBenzinga Pro.
On April 7, Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck upgraded Bank of America from Equal-Weight to Overweight but lowered the price target from $56 to $47.
With the recent buzz around Bank of America, some investors may be eyeing potential gains from the company's dividends too. As of now, Bank of America offers an annual dividend yield of 2.89%. That’s a quarterly dividend amount of 26 cents per share ($1.04 a year).
To figure out how to earn $500 monthly from Bank of America, we start with the yearly target of $6,000 ($500 x 12 months).
Next, we take this amount and divide it by Bank of America's $1.04 dividend: $6,000 / $1.04 = 5,769 shares.
So, an investor would need to own approximately $207,396 worth of Bank of America, or 5,769 shares to generate a monthly dividend income of $500.
Assuming a more conservative goal of $100 monthly ($1,200 annually), we do the same calculation: $1,200 / $1.04 = 1,154 shares, or $41,486 to generate a monthly dividend income of $100.
View more earnings on BAC
Note that dividend yield can change on a rolling basis. The dividend payment and the stock price both fluctuate over time.
The dividend yield is calculated by dividing the annual dividend payment by the current stock price. As the stock price changes, the dividend yield will also change.
For example, if a stock pays an annual dividend of $2 and its current price is $50. That means its dividend yield would be 4%. However, if the stock price increases to $60, the dividend yield would decrease to 3.33% ($2/$60).
Conversely, if the stock price decreases to $40, the dividend yield would increase to 5% ($2/$40).
Further, the dividend payment itself can also change over time, which can also impact the dividend yield. If a company increases its dividend payment, the dividend yield will increase even if the stock price remains the same. Similarly, if a company decreases its dividend payment, the dividend yield will decrease.
BAC Price Action:Shares of Bank of America gained by 0.3% to close at $35.95 on Friday.

Read More:
Top 3 Industrials Stocks That May Explode In April
Image: Shutterstock
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK.Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This articleHow To Earn $500 A Month From Bank of America Stock Ahead Of Q1 Earningsoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Nvidia (NVDA) will begin manufacturing AI supercomputers in the U.S. for the first time, the company announced Monday.
Last year, as indexes soared, Warren Buffett sent a warning to investors -- not through words but through actions.  The billionaire investor at the helm of Berkshire Hathaway was a net seller of stocks and built up a record cash position of $334 billion.  Buffett finished the year by closing out positions in two index funds that track the performance of the S&P 500: the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF and SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new […]
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.