Title: Caterpillar Celebrates First 100 years with a Commitment to the Future Workforce
Date: 2025-04-14 13:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-celebrates-first-100-years-132000948.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Company Pledges $100 Million to Help Equip Tomorrow's Innovators
IRVING, Texas, April 14, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) today announced an investment to support a key source of its success and longevity for the next 100 years: people. As part of the celebration, the company pledged $100 million over the next five years to help equip the workforce of the future with the skills needed, leveraging technology to meet global market demands as the world undergoes a rapid digital transformation.
"We are excited to celebrate Caterpillar's centennial with this investment that will empower the workforce of tomorrow," said Caterpillar Chairman and CEO Jim Umpleby. "This pledge reinforces our commitment to building a world where technology and human creativity can work hand in hand to create a more resilient workforce. Together, by empowering individuals with the skills and resources they need to thrive, we can make that world our reality."
According to The Future of Jobs Report 2025, in the next five years, the skillsets needed for success in the global labor market are expected to evolve drastically. This transformation will result in the creation of 170 million new jobs. These technology-driven skills can include those for artificial intelligence (AI), automation, data analytics, digital twins, Internet of Things (IoT), machine language, augmented reality, computer-aid design and modeling, and robotics maintenance, alongside soft skills.
"As an industry leader, Caterpillar understands the urgency of preparing the next generation with the capabilities required for the jobs of tomorrow," said Jaime Mineart, chief technology officer at Caterpillar, and pledge executive sponsor. "This pledge, our first of its kind, reflects our dedication to collaborating with our global stakeholders to devise the best training solutions."
The pledge builds upon Caterpillar's ongoing work to help close the growing skills gap in the manufacturing industry, including:
ThinkBIG, a two-year program that pays students while they train to become technicians.
The company's STEM outreach programs that expose K-12 students to different careers in manufacturing.
Caterpillar's Global Dealer Technician Challenge - an initiative showcasing how skilled technicians are part of a high-tech, high-impact, high-demand career. The competition was designed to raise awareness of the opportunities in the technician career field.
Throughout 2025, Caterpillar will be engaging in bringing key actors together on forward-looking solutions and building on what we have already achieved in preparing the workforce of the future. To learn more about the program's progress, visit caterpillar.com.
Centennial CelebrationsThis year, Caterpillar is reflecting on its rich past and promising future at local celebrations across the world as part of a centennial world tour. In addition to Caterpillar's $100 million pledge, the Caterpillar Foundation, Caterpillar's philanthropic organization, is making charitable donations to local nonprofit organizations at each tour stop, building on the Foundation's legacy of impact through community development and sustainability initiatives.
"Whether it is Caterpillar investing in the future of work, or Caterpillar employees volunteering, the company's culture has always been about supporting communities where its employees live and work," said Asha Varghese, head of corporate social responsibility at Caterpillar. "This ongoing commitment to serving communities helps create an environment in which everyone can thrive."
For more information about Caterpillar's centennial, please visit caterpillar.com/100.
View the multimedia release here: https://www.multivu.com/caterpillar/9327651-en-caterpillar-reaches-100-year-milestone
About CaterpillarWith 2024 sales and revenues of $64.8 billion, Caterpillar Inc. is the world's leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. For 100 years, we've been helping customers build a better, more sustainable world and are committed and contributing to a reduced-carbon future. Our innovative products and services, backed by our global dealer network, provide exceptional value that helps customers succeed. Caterpillar does business on every continent, principally operating through three primary segments – Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation – and providing financing and related services through our Financial Products segment. Visit us at caterpillar.com or join the conversation on our social media channels at caterpillar.com/en/news/social-media.html.
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/caterpillar-celebrates-first-100-years-with-a-commitment-to-the-future-workforce-302427618.html
SOURCE Caterpillar Inc.
Is McDonald's strong growth strategy enough to overcome near-term challenges? Let us take a closer look.
Chipotle's focus on customer experience, digital investment and supplier diversification should support a sustainable recovery over time.
Overseas visitor numbers fell by 11.6%, with European arrivals dropping sharply.  ✈️ The picture has darkened close enough to the quarterly “quiet period” that many travel-related companies have yet to quantify the impact, but airlines Delta and Frontier pulled financial guidance.
FEATURE   Caterpillar stock rose early but closed lower on Tuesday after the company announced a CEO transition. The machinery maker is filling its top executive role from inside the company. Shares fell 1.
(Reuters) -Caterpillar said on Tuesday that Chief Operating Officer Joe Creed would succeed Jim Umpleby as CEO, tapping an insider to help the construction equipment maker navigate the fallout of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs.  Umpleby, a veteran who has been with the company for more than four decades, held the top job for the last eight years and guided the firm through a demand and supply chain downturn brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.  Umpleby, who will transition to executive chairman, will hand over the reins on May 1 to 49-year-old Joseph Creed, a 28-year veteran with extensive leadership experience at Caterpillar.
McDonald's (MCD) concluded the recent trading session at $312.48, signifying a -1.14% move from its prior day's close.
Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Caterpillar (CAT). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.
UPS has selected Delta Airlines to maintain engines for its fleet of Boeing 757 freighters. The post UPS hires Delta Air Lines to maintain Boeing 757 engines appeared first on FreightWaves.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
These 10 stocks performed the best over the past 10 years.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
