Title: Institutional investors are The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.'s (NYSE:GS) biggest bettors and were rewarded after last week's US$9.4b market cap gain
Date: 2025-04-14 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/institutional-investors-goldman-sachs-group-140013930.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Institutions' substantial holdings in Goldman Sachs Group implies that they have significant influence over the company's share price
The top 25 shareholders own 46% of the company
Insiders have been selling lately
AI is about to change healthcare. These 20 stocks are working on everything from early diagnostics to drug discovery. The best part - they are all under $10bn in marketcap - there is still time to get in early.
Every investor in The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) should be aware of the most powerful shareholder groups. We can see that institutions own the lion's share in the company with 71% ownership. That is, the group stands to benefit the most if the stock rises (or lose the most if there is a downturn).
And things are looking up for institutional investors after the company gained US$9.4b in market cap last week. One-year return to shareholders is currently 26% and last week’s gain was the icing on the cake.
Let's take a closer look to see what the different types of shareholders can tell us about Goldman Sachs Group.
See our latest analysis for Goldman Sachs Group
Institutions typically measure themselves against a benchmark when reporting to their own investors, so they often become more enthusiastic about a stock once it's included in a major index. We would expect most companies to have some institutions on the register, especially if they are growing.
Goldman Sachs Group already has institutions on the share registry. Indeed, they own a respectable stake in the company. This suggests some credibility amongst professional investors. But we can't rely on that fact alone since institutions make bad investments sometimes, just like everyone does. When multiple institutions own a stock, there's always a risk that they are in a 'crowded trade'. When such a trade goes wrong, multiple parties may compete to sell stock fast. This risk is higher in a company without a history of growth. You can see Goldman Sachs Group's historic earnings and revenue below, but keep in mind there's always more to the story.
Investors should note that institutions actually own more than half the company, so they can collectively wield significant power. We note that hedge funds don't have a meaningful investment in Goldman Sachs Group. The Vanguard Group, Inc. is currently the company's largest shareholder with 9.1% of shares outstanding. For context, the second largest shareholder holds about 7.3% of the shares outstanding, followed by an ownership of 6.0% by the third-largest shareholder.
Our studies suggest that the top 25 shareholders collectively control less than half of the company's shares, meaning that the company's shares are widely disseminated and there is no dominant shareholder.
While studying institutional ownership for a company can add value to your research, it is also a good practice to research analyst recommendations to get a deeper understand of a stock's expected performance. There are plenty of analysts covering the stock, so it might be worth seeing what they are forecasting, too.
The definition of an insider can differ slightly between different countries, but members of the board of directors always count. Management ultimately answers to the board. However, it is not uncommon for managers to be executive board members, especially if they are a founder or the CEO.
Insider ownership is positive when it signals leadership are thinking like the true owners of the company. However, high insider ownership can also give immense power to a small group within the company. This can be negative in some circumstances.
Our data suggests that insiders own under 1% of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. in their own names. It is a very large company, so it would be surprising to see insiders own a large proportion of the company. Though their holding amounts to less than 1%, we can see that board members collectively own US$776m worth of shares (at current prices). It is good to see board members owning shares, but it might be worth checkingif those insiders have been buying.
The general public-- including retail investors -- own 28% stake in the company, and hence can't easily be ignored. While this group can't necessarily call the shots, it can certainly have a real influence on how the company is run.
I find it very interesting to look at who exactly owns a company. But to truly gain insight, we need to consider other information, too. Be aware thatGoldman Sachs Group is showing2 warning signs in our investment analysis, you should know about...
Ultimatelythe future is most important. You can access thisfreereport on analyst forecasts for the company.
NB: Figures in this article are calculated using data from the last twelve months, which refer to the 12-month period ending on the last date of the month the financial statement is dated. This may not be consistent with full year annual report figures.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
While Apple, for example, secured one for the Apple Watch at the time, requests for exemptions for AirPods and HomePod speakers were denied.  Other companies’ exemption requests for wireless earbuds were similarly rejected.  Of nearly 53,000 requests for exemptions from tariffs on Chinese goods filed during Trump’s first term, only 13% were granted, according to a WSJ analysis of government data.
A day after President Trump and administration officials warned about looming tariffs on semiconductors and other tech products, Nvidia said it will work with chip manufacturers and packaging firms to make supercomputers that power artificial intelligence entirely in the U.S.  The company says it will be the first time AI supercomputers are completely built domestically.  Tech-industry analysts have warned that Trump’s tariffs will weaken the U.S. in its AI race with China.
Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told ABC News the upcoming tariffs for electronics are based on Section 232, which allows President Trump to adjust imports that pose a threat to national security.  Apple  just dodged a large bullet.  Late Friday news broke of an exemption for smartphones, laptop computers and other electronics imported from China, sparing Apple from the bulk of drastic tariffs set by President Trump.
Apple stock rose Monday on news that smartphones, PCs and other electronics received an exemption from U.S. reciprocal tariffs.
GS first quarter 2025 results reflect a rise in the Global Banking & Markets division, with record Equity trading revenues.
A surge in trading activity fueled by investor uncertainty about President Trump’s policies is minting money for  Goldman Sachs  and other big banks.  The Wall Street firm joined  JPMorgan Chase  and  Morgan Stanley  in reporting a bigger profit for the first quarter, fueled by record revenue in its equities trading and lending unit.  Banks have been raking in fees as investors reposition their portfolios in anticipation of how Trump’s trade and other economic policies might rattle markets.
Goldman (GS) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 11.09% and 0.27%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Apple (AAPL) received a major reprieve recently from President Donald Trump, Schwab Network Commentator Jenny Horn suggested today. However, Horn also noted that Dan Ives, a well-known analyst for Wedbush Securities, is still warning that there is “mass confusion” about the outlook for U.S. tech names, while Big Tech “remains in flux.” But Horn asserted […]
Nvidia  said on Monday it plans to build AI supercomputers in the U.S.  “The engines of the world’s AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time,” Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in a press release.  “Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain and boosts our resiliency.”
Goldman Sachs earnings beat Q1 views as global banking revenue offset declines elsewhere. The Dow giant was cautious on Q2. But GS stock rose.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.