Title: Goldman Sachs Reveals Most Liquid Stocks-Tech Titans Dominate the List
Date: 2025-04-14 14:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-reveals-most-liquid-143921783.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Despite worsening liquidity conditions and market volatility, the gap in performance between highly liquid and less liquid stocks has held steady, according to an April 11 note by Goldman Sachs' chief U.S. equity strategist, David Kostin.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA.
Typically, in turbulent markets, investors offload highly liquid stocks first, often leading to underperformance during broader selloffs. This time, however, Goldman's data shows the opposite. Kostin said the firm's high-liquidity portfolio has remained resilient, supported by strong fundamentals in its holdings.
The companies in Goldman's high-liquidity basket generally post solid earnings, maintain healthy balance sheets, and generate consistent returns on equity all attributes that may have helped their valuations remain intact during recent volatility.
To monitor the trend, Goldman uses two 50-stock custom baskets from the Russell 1000 Index one representing high liquidity ticker GSTHLLIQ, and the other tracking lower liquidity. The firm recently rebalanced both portfolios to adjust for market shifts.
Among the most liquid stocks, seven major technology names stand out: NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) each report a 0.1 illiquidity ratio, followed by Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) at 0.2, and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) at 0.3.
This article first appeared onGuruFocus.
While Apple, for example, secured one for the Apple Watch at the time, requests for exemptions for AirPods and HomePod speakers were denied.  Other companies’ exemption requests for wireless earbuds were similarly rejected.  Of nearly 53,000 requests for exemptions from tariffs on Chinese goods filed during Trump’s first term, only 13% were granted, according to a WSJ analysis of government data.
Nvidia  stock was rising early on Monday.  The market is weighing a temporary exemption for semiconductors from tariffs against the threat of future levies on the sector, as the chip maker vowed more investment in the U.S.  Nvidia shares were up 1.1% at $112.20 in early trading.
Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told ABC News the upcoming tariffs for electronics are based on Section 232, which allows President Trump to adjust imports that pose a threat to national security.  Apple  just dodged a large bullet.  Late Friday news broke of an exemption for smartphones, laptop computers and other electronics imported from China, sparing Apple from the bulk of drastic tariffs set by President Trump.
A surge in trading activity fueled by investor uncertainty about President Trump’s policies is minting money for  Goldman Sachs  and other big banks.  The Wall Street firm joined  JPMorgan Chase  and  Morgan Stanley  in reporting a bigger profit for the first quarter, fueled by record revenue in its equities trading and lending unit.  Banks have been raking in fees as investors reposition their portfolios in anticipation of how Trump’s trade and other economic policies might rattle markets.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim […]
GS first quarter 2025 results reflect a rise in the Global Banking & Markets division, with record Equity trading revenues.
With Apple (AAPL) climbing significantly today and trading near some key statistical levels, Schwab Network unveiled a “bullish example trade” involving call options on AAPL stock. Apple’s Technical Status Analyzed Apple has been outperforming the overall tech sector in recent weeks, Rick Ducat, a commentator at the network, reported. On the other hand, all of […]
Nvidia  said on Monday it plans to build AI supercomputers in the U.S.  “The engines of the world’s AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time,” Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in a press release.  “Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain and boosts our resiliency.”
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.