Title: USA Compression's Q1 Earnings Lag Estimates, Revenues Top
Date: 2025-05-08 14:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/usa-compressions-q1-earnings-lag-140100711.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
USA Compression Partners USAC reported first-quarter adjusted net profit of 18 cents per common unit, which missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 22 cents due to higher total costs and other expenses. However, the metric improved from the year-ago quarter's adjusted net profit of 16 cents per common unit on the back of increased average revenue per horsepower. (See the Zacks Earnings Calendar to stay ahead of market-making news.)
The largest independent provider of natural gas compression services generated revenues of $245.2 million, which increased 7% from the year-ago quarter’s level and beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $244 million. This growth was due to a 3.2% increase in Contract operations and a huge 165.5% jump in Related party revenues.
Adjusted EBITDA increased 7.2% to $149.5 million, which surpassed our estimate of $146.2 million.
USA Compression Partners, LP price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | USA Compression Partners, LP Quote
USAC’s distributable cash flow decreased to $86.6 million from $88.7 million in the prior-year quarter. The company reported a net income worth $20.5 million compared with $23.6 million in the year-ago quarter.
The oil and gas equipment and services company reported net operating cash flow of $54.7 million in the first quarter, down from the prior-year quarter’s $65.9 million.
Adjusted gross operating margin of 66.7% marked a decrease from the year-ago period’s 67.3%.
The company’s revenue-generating capacity increased 2.4% year over year to 3.6 million horsepower. However, the figure was below our estimate of 1.9%.
Further, the average monthly revenue per horsepower rose to $21.06 from $19.96 in the first quarter of 2024. The figure was below our estimate of $21.62.
Meanwhile, USA Compression’s average quarterly horsepower utilization rate was 94.4%, slightly down from 94.8% a year ago.
USAC’s distributable cash flow available to limited partners totaled $88.7 million (providing 1.4X distribution coverage), up 2.7% from the year-ago level.
Notably, on April 17, USAC declared cash distribution of 52.5 cents per unit ($2.10 on an annualized basis) in the first quarter. The distribution will be paid on May 9, 2025, to its common unitholders of record as of April 28.
The company reported $175.8 million in costs and expenses, up 8.3% from the year-ago quarter’s $162.4 million. It spent $22.2 million on growth capex. Maintenance capex amounted to $10.9 million.
As of March 31, 2025, USA Compression had a net long-term debt of $2.5 billion.
USA Compression expects its full-year 2025 adjusted EBITDA to be between $590 million and $610 million. This Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) company also expects distributable cash flow to range from $350 million to $370 million, expansion capital expenditures to be between $120 million and $140 million, and maintenance capital expenditures to total in the band of $38 million to $42 million.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
While we have discussed USAC’s first-quarter results in detail, let us take a look at three other key reports in this space.
Oil and gas equipment and services provider Liberty Energy LBRT reported a first-quarter 2025 adjusted net income of 4 cents per share, which marginally beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 3 cents. Liberty's outperformance indicated operational efficiencies as well as increased utilization of frac and wireline fleets. However, the bottom line underperformed the year-ago quarter’s reported figure of 48 cents due to a decline in service activity.
As of March 31, Liberty had approximately $24.1 million in cash and cash equivalents. The pressure pumper’s long-term debt of $210 million represented a debt-to-capitalization of 9.6%.
Another oil and gas equipment and services provider Halliburton Company HAL posted first-quarter 2025 adjusted net income per share of 60 cents. The figure met with the Zacks Consensus Estimate but was down from the year-ago quarter’s profit of 76 cents (adjusted). The numbers reflect softer activity in the region of North America, partly offset by international growth. Meanwhile, Halliburton’s revenues of $5.4 billion decreased 6.7% year over year but beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $5.3 billion.
As of March 31, 2025, Halliburton had approximately $1.8 billion in cash/cash equivalents and $7.2 billion in long-term debt, representing a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 40.8.
Houston, TX-based oil and gas equipment and services provider Baker Hughes BKR reported first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings of 51 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 47 cents. The bottom line also improved from the year-ago level of 43 cents.
As of March 31, 2025, Baker had cash and cash equivalents of $3,277 million. Baker had a long-term debt of $5,969 million at the end of the reported quarter, with a debt-to-capitalization of 25.9%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Halliburton Company (HAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
USA Compression Partners, LP (USAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Baker Hughes Company (BKR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Liberty Energy Inc. (LBRT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Sunoco's Q1 earnings and revenues lag estimates over lower net income, partially offset by decreased costs and expenses. The company increases its distribution for the second consecutive quarter.
Cheniere Energy (LNG) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -44.13% and 21.72%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
OVV expects total production of 595-615 MBOE/d, with oil and condensate at 202-208 Mbbls/d and NGLs at 87-92 Mbbls/d for full-year 2025.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.