Title: What Makes Alphabet (GOOG) a Lucrative Investment_
Date: 2025-04-15 11:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/makes-alphabet-goog-lucrative-investment-115801382.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Aristotle Capital Management, LLC,an investment management company, released its “Value Equity Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can bedownloaded here. The U.S. equity market started the year with a modest decline, with the S&P 500 Index declining 4.27% during the quarter. Conversely, the Bloomberg U.S. Aggregate Bond Index rose 2.78% during the same period. The composite returned 0.78% gross of fees (0.73% net of fees) in the first quarter underperforming the 2.14% return of the Russell 1000 Value Index and outperforming -4.27% return of the S&P 500 Index. In addition, you can check the fund’s top 5 holdings to determine its best picks for 2025.
In its first quarter 2025 investor letter, Aristotle Value Equity Strategy emphasized stocks such as Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG). Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), the parent company of Google, offers various platforms and services operating through Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets segments. The one-month return of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) was -0.74%, and its shares gained 3.51% of their value over the last 52 weeks. On April 14, 2025, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock closed at $161.47 per share with a market capitalization of $1.952 trillion.
Aristotle Value Equity Strategy stated the following regarding Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:
"Headquartered in Mountain View, California and founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is one of the world’s most dominant and innovative technology companies. Best known as the parent company of Google, Alphabet generates most of its revenue from digital advertising, particularly search. Google currently holds an estimated 87% market share in U.S. search and nearly 90% globally, underpinning a highly profitable ad business that accounts for roughly 75% of Alphabet’s total revenue.
A laptop and phone open to Google's services in an everyday setting.
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is in 7th position on our list of30 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. As per our database, 174 hedge fund portfolios held Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) at the end of the fourth quarter which was 160 in the previous quarter. In 2024, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG)achieveda revenue growth of 14% compared to 2023, reaching $350 billion. For the fourth quarter, the revenue was $96.5 billion, reflecting a 12% increase in both reported and constant currency. While we acknowledge the potential of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is as promising as NVIDIA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thecheapest AI stock.
We covered Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) inanother article, where we shared top stock picks from Goldman Sachs value stocks. In addition, please check out ourhedge fund investor letters Q1 2025page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.
READ NEXT:Michael Burry Is Selling These StocksandA New Dawn Is Coming to US Stocks.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […]
Despite the strength and stability of Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG), its direction over the next five years is far from certain.  It owns numerous other businesses that could potentially drive revenue growth for the tech giant, though nobody can guarantee if or how much such enterprises will succeed.  Thus, the question for investors is whether that uncertainty prevents the stock from becoming a buy over the next five years.
On April 2, President Trump announced plans to impose tariffs on all physical products imported into America, which sent investors flocking to safe-haven assets like cash on fears of a global economic slowdown.  Shares of Nvidia and Alphabet are down by more than 20% from their all-time highs, yet most of the products they sell are either exempt from President Trump's tariffs or were never impacted to begin with.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWD) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been […]
The start of a new trading week was quite the boon for established Chinese tech stocks.  A respite -- perhaps even a reversal -- in the recent trade conflict with the U.S. resulted in a surge of bullishness for the sector, and a host of known titles saw encouraging price boosts.  Among these were Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA), which notched a nearly 6% gain on the day.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.