Title: Veteran Investor Says He’d “Kill to Have Nvidia” in the Low $90s
Date: 2025-04-14 16:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veteran-investor-says-d-kill-163837555.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Intentionally overdramatizing, Dory Wiley, the CEO of Commerce Street Holdings, told Schwab Network recently, that "You'd kill to buy Nvidia (NVDA)" for prices in the low-$90 range. Wiley believes that Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is quite low, while its valuation is attractive.
During the same segment, Wiley praised JPMorgan (JPM) and its first-quarter results which it recently unveiled.
Wiley has led companies that have been involved with financial markets since 1996, according to his LinkedIn profile.
NVDA's Exposure to Tariffs Is Low, Wiley Says
"Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is less than 5%, some say less than 2%," Wiley stated. Moreover, in the low-$90s, the shares "were on sale," he believes.
Although the stock's decline naturally generates fear, such declines have historically been good buying opportunities, according to the veteran investor.
"Anytime the Vix exceeds 40, there's a 90% chance that you'll make money in the next three years," Wiley told Schwab.  And the average return during that period is 50%-80%, he added.
JPM Reported Good Results, Wiley Said
Asserting that JPM delivered good Q1 results "across the board," Wiley noted that its revenue from equity trading jumped 48% year-over-year, while its earnings climbed significantly. Additionally, its return on tangible equity came in at 7.8%, up from "closer to 5%" in March 2023, he added.
"JPM looks safe and sound," he said.
While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially […]
We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Spotify Technology S.A. (NYSE:SPOT) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic […]
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining the […]
Stocks are looking to extend their strongest weekly rally since late 2023.
Shares of Apple and Dell Technologies rise after the Trump administration exempts smartphones, computers, memory chips, and other electronics from broad tariffs, Nvidia will for the first time make artificial-intelligence supercomputers entirely in the United States, and Goldman Sachs reports better-than-expected first-quarter earnings.
Nvidia on Monday announced plans to build supercomputers entirely in the U.S., with the chipmaker and its partners set to invest up to $500 billion in American AI infrastructure.
Beequip is set to gain a more transparent and precise evaluation of the emissions linked to its financed heavy equipment portfolio.
This defense stock is climbing back from a recent low and building the right side of a cup-without-handle base.
New York's attorney general sued DailyPay and MoneyLion on Monday, accusing the app-based financial technology companies of exploiting workers by charging excessive fees to collect paychecks more quickly, with effective interest rates above 200% and sometimes topping 750%.  Attorney General Letitia James called the companies predatory payday lenders that obscure the "exorbitant and plainly usurious" fees they charge workers, who hope to bridge gaps between payroll schedules and when bills come due.  James said MoneyLion's $8.99 fee on a $100 two-week advance under the "Instacash" brand name carries an effective annual interest rate of 234%, while DailyPay's $2.99 fee on a $20 seven-day advance carries an effective rate above 750%.
After Palantir (PLTR) announced on March 25 that it had made a deal to provide NATO with an AI system meant to boost the alliance’s fighting prowess, Wedbush’s Dan Ives believes that the news is meaningfully positive for PLTR stock. The prominent analyst kept a $120 price target and an Outperform rating on the shares. […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.