Title: Is NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) the Best Growth Stock to Buy According to Billionaires?
Date: 2025-04-14 18:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-corporation-nvda-best-growth-180421994.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires.
The stock market has been on a rollercoaster ride for the past few weeks as the sentiment has quickly shifted from post-election bullishness to being priced in for a slow-down or a recession. The volatility can be estimated by the 19% decrease in the S&P 500 from its recent all-time high. To talk about the current market volatility and the way forward, Fundstrat’s Tom Lee joined CNBC for an interview. He noted that the market is currently pessimistic as recent data shows that they have priced in a 60% probability of a recession, however, it is essential to note that if the tariff situation de-escalates then the probability of a recession isn’t that high. As a result, Lee thinks that there is a big window of opportunity for stocks to rebound, however, this rebound is contingent on the path of tariff de-escalation.
While addressing the concerns that if the market is in a bear market, Lee noted that if we define a bear market by stocks grinding and losing money, then this has been happening since December 2024. However, if you define a bear market as unleashing a type of financial tightening that leads to a recession, the current market does not fit that criteria. Lee acknowledged that it does feel like a bear market for an average person.
Lee also talked about the viable investor strategy under the current circumstances. Firstly, he highlighted that people are fighting two brains at the moment, one is a tactical brain, where people want to know if this is the bottom and be convinced by seeing the stocks rally on bad news. On the other hand, there is the investor or the long-term brain, which suggests that people should have confidence in the US companies to navigate this volatility. Lee noted that he is a buyer of this volatility as he thinks that the de-escalation of tariffs will take place, which will result in a big rebound for stocks.
To compile a list of the 10 best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires, we used the Finviz stock screener, Seeking Alpha, and Insider Monkey’s Billionaire database. Using the screener we aggregated a list of growth stocks that have grown their top-line by more than 30% over the past 3 years and sorted them by market cap. Next, we cross-checked each stock’s sales growth from Seeking Alpha and ranked the stocks in ascending order of the number of billionaire investors. Please note that we have also included the hedge funds sentiment around each stock, as of Q4 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A close-up of a colorful high-end graphics card being plugged in to a gaming computer.
3-Years Sales Growth: 69.25%
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 223
Number of Billionaires: 29
Value of Billionaire Holdings: $33,248,032,387
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is a high-growth technology company leading the AI revolution through its graphics processing units and system-on-chips units. On April 10, Morgan Stanley analyst Joseph Moore maintained their Buy rating on the stock. The analyst noted that the company is positioned well in the market despite potential challenges. He highlighted that one of the key differentiators for the company is that it generates significant revenue from a single product family which increases its influence in the industry.
Moreover, Guinness Global Innovators highlighted NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) as one of its top performers in its Q4 2024 investor letter. The fund highlighted that the company delivered remarkable returns of more than 177.7% during 2024, driven by its GPUs and its application within AI and data center industries. The company holds over 95% market share in advanced AI chips which positions it to capture an estimated $2 trillion AI infrastructure market in the next 5 years. It is the best growth stock to buy according to billionaires.
Guinness Global Innovators stated the following regarding NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) in itsQ4 2024 investor letter:
“For a second year running,NVIDIA Corporation(NASDAQ:NVDA) was the Fund’s top performing stock, delivering a stellar return of +177.7% over the year. Since the beginning of last year, Nvidia’s ‘Hopper’ GPUs have been at the centre of exploding demand for chips powerful and efficient enough to facilitate the energy intensive requirements of AI processes within datacentres. Initially possessing over 95% of market share in these types of chips, Nvidia have been quick to entrench their position as the technological leader in the space, launching the successor to the current ‘Hopper’ GPU in March, Blackwell, inhibiting the likes of AMD and Intel making meaningful inroads in taking share of the fast-growing market. Compared to the previous iteration (Hopper) which is continuing to fuel Nvidia’s extreme revenue growth, the Blackwell chip is twice as powerful for training AI models and has 5 times the capability when it comes to “inference” (the speed at which AI models respond to queries). Throughout the year, Nvidia’s financial performance has remained resilient. Quarterly revenues hit $35.1 billion in their most recent quarter, beating consensus expectations by 6% and representing a +94% year-over-year increase. Additionally, Nvidia’s data centre segment, driven by the Hopper (H100) chip, grew fivefold over the past year, underscoring the sustained demand for advanced AI infrastructure. The H100 chip, priced at around $40,000, continues to see significant adoption due to its ability to enhance AI model training efficiency while lowering overall costs. This growth is expected to continue as companies invest in upgrading existing data centres and building new ones, with Nvidia well-positioned to capture a significant share of the estimated $2 trillion market opportunity over the next five years. There have been some concerns over Blackwell production delays causing share price volatility however, Nvidia has recovered swiftly, driven by positive earnings results through the year and assurances from management regarding future supply. Additionally, the release of the H200 chip promises to extend Nvidia’s technological leadership, ensuring continued momentum into 2025. While Nvidia’s valuation remains a topic of debate, the stock is not at a significant premium to history, and it still appears reasonable given its dominant market position, innovative prowess, and exposure to long-term secular growth trends in AI, cloud computing, and data infrastructure. As a result, Nvidia remains well-positioned to deliver sustained outperformance over the long term, making it a cornerstone of growth-oriented portfolios.”
Overall, NVDAranks 1ston our list of best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA to grow, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thecheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Zscaler, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZS) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been on […]
We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Argenx SE (NASDAQ:ARGX) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been on […]
We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWD) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been […]
With global trade deeply uncertain and a tariff war causing havoc on financial markets, Germany's next government is hoping to unleash domestic consumption to revive stalled growth in an economy that has been driven for decades by exports.  Conservative chancellor-in-waiting Friedrich Merz, in a newly forged coalition with the centre left Social Democrats (SPD), has announced policies such as tax cuts and raising the minimum wage.  He hopes these measures will increase purchasing power and support domestic demand.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Nvidia will build Blackwell chips in Arizona and AI supercomputers in Texas to meet surging AI demand.
Shares of Intel surged Monday after the chipmaker said it agreed to sell 51% of its programmable chip business Altera to tech private equity firm Silver Lake.
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Shares of semiconductor giant Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) surged 18.7% on April 9, after President Trump announced a 90-day pause on the higher "reciprocal tariffs."  Investors had long been worried about the U.S. government's decision to impose import tariffs on products from various trading partners.  Since this can lead to rising costs, disruptions in the supply chain, and retaliatory tariffs on American goods, many U.S. stocks saw a dramatic decline in early April 2025.
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.