Title: Trump’s Tangled Tariffs Sow Confusion as Negotiators Line Up
Date: 2025-04-14 17:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-tangled-tariffs-sow-confusion-122723925.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump’s tariff exclusions for smartphones and other tech products have added to a growing set of confusing signals for companies and trading partners digesting how to engage a White House still promising to negotiate dozens of new deals in America’s favor.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
The dizzying weekend saw Trump exclude popular consumer electronics from 125% tariffs on China and a 10% baseline global tariff. The move exempted more than $101 billion in US imports from China alone and was seen as a short-term win for US tech champions like Apple Inc. and Nvidia Corp.
Trump and top aides on Sunday, though, declared that the reprieve was only a procedural maneuver to ultimately hit those tech products with a different, sector-specific tariff.
Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.
Then on Monday, Trump told reporters in the Oval Office he was “looking at something to help car companies” as they worked to set up manufacturing facilities in the US, ahead of a May 3 tariff deadline on parts.
For financial markets handicapping the economic spillovers, that again made finding clarity hard in a strategy the White House insists is carefully constructed but critics see as subject to the whims of a transactional president. An early stock rally on Monday lost momentum and Treasuries extended gains as volatility persisted after seven sessions of big Wall Street swings. Most megacaps fell as the Nasdaq 100 briefly erased what had been a 2.2% jump.
For countries sending delegations to Washington to negotiate — like the European Union’s trade chief is aiming to do Monday — fresh questions arose about whether talking is even the best approach.
And for international companies operating in an environment where rules can change overnight, inactivity during the turmoil is emerging as the safest bet.
‘Act First’
“The Trump team continues to follow an approach of act first, then make adjustments as needed,” said Wendy Cutler, a former senior US trade negotiator who is now at the Asia Society Policy Institute. “This approach contributes to more unpredictability for investors and our trading partners, who may no longer conclude that rushing to negotiate with the US is the best approach.”
Trump is hailing a flurry of negotiations aimed at locking in reduced country-by-country tariffs, which he has long said he won’t apply to sectors that have their own levies.
Such duties have already been rolled out for autos, steel, and aluminum. More national security investigations that would lead to tariffs are expected in the weeks ahead on pharmaceuticals, semiconductors and other vital sectors.
“We are taking a look at Semiconductors and the WHOLE ELECTRONICS SUPPLY CHAIN in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations,” Trump said in a social media post Sunday. “What has been exposed is that we need to make products in the United States, and that we will not be held hostage by other Countries, especially hostile trading Nations like China.”
China’s government said the US decision to exempt certain consumer electronics was a small step and called for abolishing tariffs altogether. President Xi Jinping is heading to Vietnam, Malaysia and Cambodia this week to shore up relationships in the region.
In Washington, the frenetic weekend shifts further muddy the water — even if Trump’s administration had long flagged some of them. While Trump has indicated he will haggle over country rates, questions are now emerging over whether the sectoral tariffs are up for bargaining as well.
“Those are not available for negotiation,” Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told ABC’s “This Week.”
Hours later, however, Trump signaled an openness to talks with companies over the scope of his semiconductor tariffs. “We’ll be discussing it, but we’ll also talk to companies,” he told reporters on the plane flying back from Florida. “You have to show a certain flexibility.”
Fueling Inactivity
The White House’s messaging is creating more uncertainty for companies dependent on imports to the US.
Detroit’s Big Three automakers for weeks have lobbied the Trump administration to exclude certain low-cost car components from planned tariffs.
General Motors Co., Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler parent Stellantis NV have conceded they’re willing to pay tariffs on completed cars and large components like engines and transmissions, but company representatives have told the administration that broad parts duties would drive up costs by billions of dollars and trigger profit warnings and layoffs that would counter Trump’s goal of rebuilding US auto manufacturing.
“The whole system seems designed to create paralysis,” Ryan Petersen, the founder and CEO of digital freight platform Flexport Inc., wrote in a social media post Sunday.
Tobias Meyer, chief executive officer of cargo and logistics giant DHL Group, said companies trying to conform with constantly shifting US directives “don’t know even if something’s announced, whether two days later it’s not changed again.”
“You really see some fatigue of decision makers in manufacturing and also in the distribution sector,” Meyer said Monday in a Bloomberg Television interview. “I hear a lot that customers simply say, ‘we’ll wait for now.’”
The economic fallout of such a freezing up of trade could be wide. On Monday, Singapore’s trade ministry downgraded its forecast for economic growth this year, saying businesses and consumers may “adopt a ‘wait-and-see’ approach before making spending decisions.”
Diplomats and other officials who’ve sought to engage in talks with the US are similarly unsure about how best to proceed.
Bond Market Signals
In the wake of Trump’s April 2 unveiling of his new tariffs, senior administration officials publicly insisted there wouldn’t be any negotiations over his border levies. Trump’s goal of repatriating manufacturing was an inviolable priority, they said, and the purpose of the duties imposed in the name of reducing a trade deficit that Trump has declared a national emergency.
The weekend pullback on tech tariffs was the second major adjustment to Trump’s duty regime in a matter of days.
On April 9, the same day new duties unveiled the week before went into effect on dozens of countries, Trump abruptly reduced them all to 10% for 90 days — except for China — amid rapidly increasing concerns about a bond market selloff. There are also more signs that the tariffs and the growing odds of a recession that have come with them are politically unpopular.
A CBS poll published Sunday found that a plurality of Americans expect Trump’s tariffs, which have raised the US’s average applied duties to their highest level in more than a century, to hurt their financial situation.
The administration is now focusing on negotiations with countries including Vietnam, South Korea and Japan. The stated aim is to use the leverage Trump has built up with his tariffs to extract concessions that would open the door for more US exports or new investments in the US. While Trump has dropped tariff rates for those countries to 10% for 90 days to tee up talks, he hasn’t ruled out raising them again.
How successful talks will be remains unclear, as is what exactly Trump wants or how firm he will be in holding to a 10% baseline that he and aides had set as a floor.
Flying to Florida on Friday evening, Trump called the 10% “pretty close” to a floor, but he didn’t rule out going lower. That has opened the door for countries to push for lower tariffs in their own negotiations, including with EU trade chief Maros Sefcovic, who will meet his counterparts in Washington today.
European officials hope his trip will provide a better sense of the US’s willingness to negotiate and what its priorities are. But in spite of repeated calls for European unity, there’s no consensus on how far the bloc should go with concessions, or how to retaliate if talks fail.
Trump’s weekend exclusion did not apply to the baseline 20% tariff he applied to China over fentanyl, and that levy remains in effect. China also has signaled so far that it is not interested in any negotiations.
Trump’s unpredictability still hangs over any talks, as does his commitment to the idea of tariffs as an economic tool. Diplomats involved in discussions with Lutnick and US Trade Representative Jamieson Greer ahead of April 2 said even those cabinet members stressed privately that any agreement would still have to be approved by Trump and that they couldn’t guarantee his response.
Chip Strategy
The expected so-called Section 232 national security investigations that would lead to sectoral tariffs could take months. Friday’s exemption list provides the clearest sign yet of which products could be affected.
One key area is AI hardware, which the US imports primarily from Taiwan as well as Mexico, where a host of Taiwanese companies handle final assembly of products destined for the US.
AI servers shipped from Mexico have so far escaped the tariffs, as much of that hardware falls under the US-Mexico-Canada Agreement tariff exemption, according to Bernstein Research analyst Stacy Rasgon.
If the eventual chip-sector tariffs do end up hitting servers, one guide for what’s to come may lie in Trump’s previous sectoral tariffs for autos and auto parts. Those products, subject to a 25% rate, are eligible for the USMCA exemption until the administration devises a process to impose tariffs on non US-content.
But for AI servers and all other products on the exemption list that contain chips — including consumer tech like phones and computers — there’s still a huge open question of whether the eventual duties would apply to the entire finished goods, or just the foreign-made chips they contain.
Bloomberg Tracker: Every Trump Tariff and Its Economic Effect
Trump’s ultimate aim is to push more of the tech industry to rely on American supply chains. That would require a massive expansion of US chipmaking — something that’s already underway, thanks in large part to the 2022 Chips and Science Act.
Trump, however, wants to scrap the bipartisan law, and his latest tariff moves could make it more expensive for companies to complete the factories they’ve announced. Based on Friday’s exemption list, the chip-sector tariffs could also hit manufacturing tools, which form the lion’s share of the price tag for new chip plants.
--With assistance from Swati Pandey and Haslinda Amin.
(Adds market info in fifth paragraph)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil slipped as the prospect of looser restrictions on Iranian crude undercut the benefit of the US’s temporary reprieve on some tariffs. Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageWest Texas Intermediate slid below $61 a barrel, and Brent dipped to near $64. While
Argentina's grain industry welcomed an exchange-rate overhaul on Monday, though the new measures will likely not translate into immediate sales as the harvest remains behind schedule, experts said.  Late on Friday, Argentina's central bank loosened foreign-exchange controls, a long-awaited measure twinned with billions of dollars to be disbursed by development banks including the International Monetary Fund.  Lifting of the controls is also meant to speed up agricultural sales, a prime source of cash from abroad.
President Trump said he is looking at some short-term tariff exemptions to help car companies and said he exempted smartphones and certain electronics from recent tariffs in order to help U.S. smartphone makers, including Apple.  On autos, Trump says he’s considering the exemptions for car companies that are looking to switch making parts from Canada and Mexico to the U.S.  “I’m looking at something to help some of the car companies,” Trump told reporters at the White House, without giving any additional details.
The major U.S. equities indexes edged higher at midday Monday after President Trump temporarily exempted smartphones, computers, and other electronics from his "reciprocal" tariffs.
Answering reporters’ questions in the Oval Office, Trump said he may cut deals for car companies to help them manage the impact of tariffs.  Currently, 25% levies apply to car imports, with similar levies for car parts expected in early May.
President Donald Trump on Monday suggested that he might temporarily exempt the auto industry from tariffs he previously imposed on the sector, to give carmakers time to adjust their supply chains.  “I’m looking at something to help some of the car companies with it,” Trump told reporters gathered in the Oval Office.  The statement hinted at yet another round of reversals on tariffs as Trump's onslaught of import taxes has panicked financial markets and raised deep concerns from Wall Street economists about a possible recession.
Oil prices are forecast to continue falling in 2025, but the drop will need to be even more dramatic than expected for the Trump administration to step in and support markets.
A Verve Therapeutics treatment was found to cut cholesterol levels by more than half—with just one shot. The stock jumped Monday.
The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.
A tariff-induced selloff in the U.S. stock market faces another worry, the "death cross" pattern, but history shows the ominous sounding technical signal may not necessarily mean equities face more significant downside.  A death cross occurs when the 50-day moving average (DMA), seen by technicians as a proxy for the intermediate-term trend, slips below the 200-DMA, a proxy for the long-term trend.  Technical analysts view the occurrence as marking a spot where a shorter-term correction could turn into a longer-term downtrend.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.