Title: When Apple's Tim Cook Revealed The Real Reason iPhones Are Made In China—And It's Not 'Low Labor Cos
Date: 2025-04-15 21:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apples-tim-cook-revealed-real-213129145.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL) CEOTim Cookpreviously explained the company’s decision to continue manufacturing its products in China, refuting the widespread belief that it’s due to low labor costs. What Happened: A 2024 video of Tim Cook has resurfaced, providing insights into Apple’s manufacturing choices amid the ongoing U.S.-China tariff war. In the video, posted on X by CNBC TV18 reporter Nigel D’Souza, Cook dismissed the idea that Apple’s manufacturing in China is due to low labor costs, stating, “China stopped being a low labor cost company many years ago.” Trending: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones.You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum. Instead, he emphasized China’s unparalleled skilled labor concentration in one location and advanced tooling capabilities as the primary reason. Cook emphasized that “the products that we do require truly advanced tooling.” On that note, Cook emphasized the sharp difference in vocational skills between the US and China. The Apple CEO stated, "In the US, you could have a meeting of tooling engineers, and I’m not we could fill the room." In China, however, "you could fill multiple football fields.... Hence, the vocational expertise in China is very deep”. Why It Matters: The U.S.-China tariff war has put pressure on American companies to shift production back home. Earlier this month, a leading tech analyst predicted asignificant price hikefor Apple iPhones if manufacturing shifts to the U.S., potentially reaching around $3,500. This is due to the complexity of recreating the production ecosystem that currently exists in Asia. See Also: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing —this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share. Furthermore, experts opined that Apple’s supply chain could face major disruptions due to new reciprocal tariffs. Apple had temporarily dodged steep tariffs on Chinese-made electronics following an exemption granted by Trump.

