If A Recession Hits, Will Medical Stocks Be A Safe Haven For Investors — Again_
2025-05-01 12-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/d615c35b-9343-3e67-975a-923b1fe5cf7b/if-a-recession-hits%2C-will.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Medical stocks could see a resurgence if the economy hits a speed bump due to tariffs. But which health care stocks are worth watching?
Stryker (SYK) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 4.03% and 2.88%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Spain’s competition watchdog cleared Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria’s acquisition of Banco  Sabadell  putting the final decision on the year-long takeover battle in the hands of the government.  The CNMC, which flagged that a combination of the two Spanish banks would threaten competition in certain parts of the retail banking and payments markets, late Wednesday concluded that the remedies put forward by  BBVA  to address its concerns are “adequate, sufficient, and proportionate to solve the problems that this concentration poses.”  BBVA is Spain’s second largest bank by market capitalization but makes the bulk of its business in emerging markets like Mexico and Turkey, and set its sights on Catalan lender Sabadell a year ago to bolster its presence in its home market.
Amazon, Johnson & Johnson, Cisco Systems and NeurAxis are included in this Analyst Blog.
One analyst is no longer willing to run with Nike (NYSE: NKE), and the stock stumbled on Wednesday as a result.  Numerous investors took the pundit's recommendation downgrade to heart and traded out of Nike; when the race was over, the shares had clocked a 2% decline in price.  Before market open, Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) prognosticator Ike Boruchow knocked his Nike recommendation down to equal weight (read: hold) from his preceding overweight (buy).
Lilly (LLY) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -5.11% and 0.86%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
The head of drugmaker Eli Lilly, which sells the popular weight-loss drug Zepbound, urged the Trump administration to ease up on its tariff rollout because it could hurt Lilly’s business and the broader pharmaceutical industry.  “We don’t believe tariffs are the right mechanism” to bolster U.S. drug manufacturing, Lilly Chief Executive David Ricks said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.  “The announced tariffs currently in effect do not materially change Lilly’s 2025 financial outlook,” he said.
Eli Lilly Chief Executive David Ricks said manufacturing of certain drugs could come back to the U.S. if there is an economic incentive, such as lower tax rates for domestic production.  "Particularly as the president says, 15% for domestic production would be one of the best in the world."
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...