Johnson & Johnson (JNJ)_ Jim Cramer Says “They Love the Weak Dollar” — Is This Quiet Giant Back in F
2025-04-30 20-17
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-jnj-jim-cramer-201708830.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Details Of Trump’s Tariff Negotiations & Discusses 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the supply chain disruption that firms were facing and planning for in the wake of President Trump’s tariffs. “I think that this was the week where people said I better have an alternative supply chain, I just have to. Wherever it is, which is going to hurt the gross margins,” Cramer said.
Cramer also linked the current supply chain disruptions to the one that businesses faced during the coronavirus pandemic. Cramer mentioned an unnamed CEO who had prepared for the current disruption by learning lessons from COVID. According to Cramer:
“I’m speaking to a major CEO, at a major tech company who said, do you think that we didn’t learn anything from COVID? COVID was a total shutdown [in] China and we learned to move away from China. And China misjudged what we learned during COVID.”
The conversation then shifted to President Trump’s negotiations with America’s trading partners. While most media attention has focused on China, he mentioned negotiations with Japan and South Korea. Starting with Japan, Cramer outlined:
“I was talking to someone who has been in on the Japanese negotiations. And I asked for color. And he said, they’re color-full. But that someone’s playing very hardball, in our country, and I presume, that someone is, obviously our President. And I said, does he know that you are our friends, and he just didn’t respond. I thought it was interesting.”
As for Korea, he believes that the country is the Trump administration’s favorite due to its already sizable manufacturing presence in the US. Cramer shared:
“My answer on Korea is, that. . . they are loved. . . Okay, so Korea builds plants here right, and they are not the plants like the Germans they are not assembly plants, they make everything here, so they are brought up, constantly as the paradigm, like why can’t you guys be like Korea? Where all the intellectual property is made here. And I think it’s rather amazing. . .I brought them up as being why are they getting a free ride to some people? And they said no, there’s no free ride, they actually listened to what we wanted.”
Of course, since China is the President’s first target when it comes to negotiations, it was unsurprising that the country came up. Cramer isn’t a fan of China. What amazed Cramer was Hayman Capital Management founder and CIO, Kyle Bass’s comments where he outlined “one country lies, one country doesn’t. . .China lies. Look I find these talks unfathomable. I don’t see any progress.”
As for who has the cards in the negotiations between the US and China, Cramer said: “Well, that’s the problem. We don’t know.”
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 25th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 98
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is a well-known healthcare company. The tariff-induced selloff in growth stocks and in those that have exposure to China has translated into tailwinds for the firm. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ)’s shares are up by 7.9% year-to-date as investors have flocked to firms with domestic US exposure. In his previous comments about the firm, Cramer said that the market is operating in a forgiving environment for Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Here are his latest thoughts:
“You said it yourself like JNJ, the thing that. . .didn’t save their quarter, but what made it so that you kind of liked it is the weak dollar. So remember most of these companies are like wow, bring it down . . . the companies themselves are very pro weak dollar. So when you speak to them offline, they love it.”
Overall, JNJ ranks 5th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of JNJ as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than JNJ but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, […]
GSK reports mixed first-quarter 2025 results. Shares rise in pre-market after it reaffirms guidance and says it is "well positioned" to handle the U.S. tariffs.
We recently published a list of the 25 Cheap Dividend Stocks Being Targeted by Short Sellers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Evergy, Inc. (NASDAQ:EVRG) stands against other cheap dividend stocks. Short sellers — investors who profit from falling stock prices —are seeing a surge in success in 2025. They […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says The Day “Everything’s A Lot More Expensive” Is Coming & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Hasbro, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Bears Got ‘Pantsed’ & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Philip Morris International Inc. (NYSE:PM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed […]
Eli Lilly’s  first quarter was a bit better than Wall Street had anticipated, but it wasn’t enough for traders on Thursday morning, and the stock fell as  Novo Nordisk  ramped up efforts to claw back weight-loss market share.  Lilly’s weight-loss drug is the best available, and the company says it now has 53.3% of the U.S. market for incretin analogues, the class of drugs that includes its medicines Zepbound and Mounjaro.  Shares have been climbing, and the stock is up 18.9% over the past 12 months while shares of rival Novo are down 46.4% over the same period.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.