Stocks fizzle after two-day rally driven by bank earnings and tech
2025-04-15 20-44
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-banks-cashing-trade-123249767.html?.tsrc=rss
Democratic Sen. Chris Van Hollen met with El Salvador's vice president but was denied any contact with Kilmar Abrego Garcia.
Read More »
DHgate is an online Chinese marketplace known for selling knockoffs of high-end retail brands that has been around since 2004. Now, it's the second most popular app in the U.S.
Kilmar Abrego Garcia, 29, has been in El Salvador’s Terrorism Confinement Center for almost a month. Here’s everything that’s happened since he was arrested on March 12.
According to space weather forecasters, auroras may be visible in more than a dozen states on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration has been accused of ignoring or flat-out defying recent federal court orders, with two judges now weighing contempt findings against officials.
The music-streaming service Spotify is currently down. We'll let you know when it's back.
Yahoo Finance is chronicling the latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs.
Check out some of the coolest cars on display at the 125th New York International Auto Show.
US stock futures fell after Nvidia revealed costly new curbs on chip exports to China, and investors grappled with uncertainty over President Trump's trade policy.
Last year's holiday design sold out in days, and this summery style is bound to do the same.

Kia has teased that it will have a trio of announcements at the 2025 New York International Auto Show, but you can watch the presentation live online.
Kia's first all-electric sedan, the 2026 EV4, is making its official debut in the US at this year's New York International Auto Show.
USPS changes are aimed to cut costs. Will it take longer for your mail, packages to be delivered? What we know about the new delivery standards.
Subaru has unveiled its second-ever EV, the Trailerseeker, at the New York International Auto Show.
Amazon founder Bezos, 61, has offloaded one of his many Seattle-area homes, an expansive mansion in the tony neighborhood of Hunts Point.
Trae Young lost his cool as the Hawks melted down late in Tuesday's play-in loss to the Magic.
Trump's Treasury secretary wants business owners to relax. That's hard to do when Trump's tariffs are pushing costs higher and profits lower and threatening a recession.
I took a lot of options to the fitting room and emerged with this handful of summer-ready winners, each $50 or less.
Is the UFC serious about moving away from pay-per-view with a new broadcast rights deal? What chance does TKO have of turning MMA fans into boxing fans? And which bizarre Paddy Pimblett insult would hurt your feelings the most?
Nate Tice and Charles McDonald's eighth (!) and penultimate mock draft of this cycle is here, with the Raiders, Jets and Cowboys adding offensive firepower, while the back half of the top 10 is chock full of risers.
Nvidia stock sank after a surprise disclosure it would take a hit north of $5 billion following new chip export restrictions.
Stocks sold off on Wednesday as uncertainty around President Trump's policies once again prompted investor caution.
These are today's mortgage and refinance rates. The 30-year fixed rate is down eight basis points, and most interest rates have dropped. Lock in your rate today.
Subaru is back with a new EV, and like its predecessor the Solterra, the all-electric Trailseeker SUV includes a bit of Toyota handiwork.  Subaru of America revealed the 2026 Trailseeker SUV on Wednesday at the New York International Auto Show.  It's reminiscent of the gas-powered Subaru Ascent, but is physically smaller.
US stock futures traded flat on the heels of a bruising day on Wall Street that underscored fears over the economic impact of President Trump's tariffs.
Celebrities have donned the tights countless times at WWE WrestleManias, often to rocky results. But sometimes, every so often, that Hollywood touch makes in-ring magic.
While the official dates and times for the 2025 NFL season won’t be released until later this spring, we do know who your favorite team will be playing and where.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg hoped to avoid a high-stakes antitrust trial playing out this week in Washington, D.C., but he wasn't willing to pay what US antitrust cops wanted.
CEOs have warned on the economy because of Trump administration tariff policies. US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has a message for them all.
Trump wants to bring tech manufacturing to the US. There's little chance it will happen.
The top seven playoff spots in each conference have been secured. All that's left is determining the No. 8 seeds.
The Trump administration is considering new restrictions on the Chinese AI lab DeepSeek that would limit it from buying Nvidia's AI chips, and potentially bar Americans from accessing its AI services, The New York Times reported on Wednesday.  The restrictions are part of the Trump administration's effort to compete with China on AI.  Months after DeepSeek jolted both Silicon Valley and Wall Street, U.S. officials seem to be weighing several options to limit China's access to American technologi
Time ran out on the Grizzlies in multiple ways against the Warriors.
Fantasy baseball analyst Dalton Del Don takes a look at some key hitters who have been surging in the early going.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent sat down exclusively with Yahoo Finance as  economic uncertainty from Trump administration's tariffs continues to weigh on investors.
Kia debuted its 2026 EV4 sedan at the New York International Auto Show on Wednesday, its first global electric sedan and one designed for customers looking for an affordable EV.  Whether U.S. customers will gravitate toward a sedan is an open question — and one Kia isn't necessarily betting on.  The company launched sales of the EV4 in South Korea and plans to bring it to Europe by the end of the year.
Matt Harmon and The Ringers’ Danny Heifetz offer some potential surprises awaiting all of us during next week's NFL Draft.
With the NCAA tournament behind us, the spotlight is shifting fast toward the NBA draft.
On the most recent episode of "The Kevin O’Connor Show," guest Esfandiar Baraheni and host Kevin O'Connor examine the playoff matchup and why oddsmakers are favoring Golden State.
Dalton Del Don examines the starting pitching landscape, revealing five pitchers on the rise and one trending down.
Trump's sweeping new tariffs have reignited recession fears, with analysts warning that a resulting pullback in ad spending could wipe out $45 billion from the US market — and potentially accelerate the decline of traditional TV.
Fyre Festival 2 was originally scheduled to take place in late April in Mexico’s Isla Mujeres, but was later changed to late May in Playa del Carmen. Is it even happening at all now?
Nate Tice and Charles McDonald combine big boards for their final, definitive prospect rankings ahead of the draft in Green Bay.
Here's what to know for the first-round matchup between the Nuggets and Clippers.
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Wednesday the central bank will 'wait for greater clarity' before considering any changes to interest rates as he expects President Trump’s tariffs to generate 'higher inflation and slower growth.'
Juan Francisco Mendez, 29, was pulled from his car in front of his wife on April 14 despite allegedly telling the officers that he was not the man they were looking for
"I am sorry I voted for him and have less faith in politicians than I ever thought possible."
“The hypocrisy is astounding.”
"Heavyweights" star Shaun Weiss recalled barely being able to contain himself around Danielle Fishel and Maitland Ward during his "Boy Meets World" guest spot.
He Xiaopeng used two numbers to describe the breakneck pace of EV innovation in China.
Musgraves cushioned the provocative query by claiming she was just "asking for a friend."
Two men, reportedly members of the Mongols motorcycle club, have been arrested in connection with a deadly bar brawl earlier this year in San Bernardino County, federal officials announced. The violence, according to a news release from the U.S. Department of Justice, unfolded in the early morning hours of March 4 at a bar […]
Kimmel also didn't believe that Trump "speaks from his heart," as one supporter put it.
Stalling dealmaking has dragged revenues down, and it's making some Trump-backers reconsider.
The Thermavault refrigeration unit can keep vaccines cool with a reusable salt solution. The teens who built it plan to test it at 120 hospitals.
Their partially mummified bodies — as well as that of one of their dogs — were found in different rooms of their severely cluttered home on Feb. 25.
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Memphis Grizzlies.
The billionaire said tech would help plug labor gaps, even in blue-collar roles.
Kim Kardashian is under fire after her 11-year-old daughter, North West, seemingly attended Coachella unsupervised.
Sure, a judge found cause to hold the administration in criminal contempt. But a Trump pardon would void any real consequences.
Demi Moore said in a new interview with Time magazine that she was not devastated when she lost the Oscar for best actress to “Anora’s” Mikey Madison. In fact, Moore had such a strong gut feeling that Madison would prevail, she told her manager as much when the Oscars cut to commercial right before the …
"If they are good, if we want them back in, we are going to work with them to get them back in as quickly as we can," Trump said.
The federal judge unfroze roughly $20 billion in funding meant to support projects like new solar energy arrays and efficiency upgrades for small businesses.
Move over, Bella Thorne.
From low-rise jeans to the rise of misogyny.
Democrats often distract from the real issue of immigration laws by talking non-stop about immigration, while failing to acknowledge the fact that enforcing immigration laws as written would prevent many murders and crimes committed by illegal aliens.
India reportedly plans to do away with duties on U.S. imports of ethane and LPG as part of its trade deal negotiations with the Trump administration.
Scott Harrison turned his life around when he learned some simple nutrition concepts. He's now a personal trainer with a fat loss coaching business.
The Santa Fe Sheriff's Department has released new photos taken inside Hackman's home after he and his wife, Betsy Arakawa, died there.
The 'King of Country' thrilled an unsuspecting fan with a chance encounter near San Antonio, Texas.
Hilary Duff’s husband Matthew Koma defended her against a social media user who criticized her appearance.
Putting prisoners of war in front of reporters and news cameras is almost certainly a violation of international humanitarian law.
Vulnerable and moderate House Republicans are warning House GOP leaders that they will not support the “one big, beautiful bill” encompassing President Trump’s legislative agenda if it includes cuts to Medicaid benefits. Twelve House Republicans in competitive districts — more than enough in the House GOP’s razor-thin majority to keep the bill from passing —…
China now faces up to 245% tariffs as a result of its retaliatory moves, the White House said.
The Trump administration has fired two Democratic board members from the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA), the officials said Wednesday. Todd Harper, one Democrat on the board, shared the news of his removal in a post on LinkedIn and said the firing was “just plain wrong.” “The decision of the White House to fire me…
Don't be that person.
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon’s chief concern is that tariffs could prove a tipping point in the influence of the Western world.
“It was literally like looking in the mirror, seeing your double… My mom bawled, and I was like, ‘Is Steven my dad?’”
The Internal Revenue Service is making plans to rescind the tax-exempt status of Harvard University, according to two sources familiar with the matter, which would be an extraordinary step of retaliation as the Trump administration seeks to turn up pressure on the university that has defied its demands to change its hiring and other practices.
Something went wrong.
Try again.
Something went wrong.
Try again.
Something went wrong.
Try again.
Something went wrong.
Try again.
Something went wrong.
Try again.
April 16 -Don't fear for the future. You know you can take care of this! It's easier than ever for you to step up and ensure that you're heading in the right direction. Doubts only get in the way!
Try again.