Title: EC approves extension of indication for Janssen-Cilag’s Darzalex
Date: 2025-04-08 08:50
URL: https://www.pharmaceutical-technology.com/news/ec-approval-darzalex/?.tsrc=rss

The approval follows October 2024's indication extension for daratumumab-VRd for newly diagnosed patients eligible for ASCT. The European Commission (EC) has approved the extension of indication for Janssen-Cilag International’s Darzalex (daratumumab) subcutaneous (SC) formulation to be used in the frontline setting for treating newly diagnosed multiple myeloma (NDMM) in adults. Janssen-Cilag is a Johnson & Johnson (J&J) company. 
                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                     
                            Find out more
                            



 The approval allows for the use of daratumumab SC in conjunction with bortezomib, lenalidomide and dexamethasone (daratumumab-VRd). The therapy currently holds nine indications approved for multiple myeloma (MM) with five for frontline treatment, including regimens for patients both eligible and ineligible for autologous stem-cell transplant (ASCT). The latest approval follows October 2024’s indication extension for daratumumab-VRd to treat newly diagnosed patients eligible for ASCT, supported by the Phase III PERSEUS trial results. The trial focused on assessing the therapy’s SC-based quadruplet regimen for consolidation and induction therapy with daratumumab SC and lenalidomide maintenance. The trial assessed the safety and efficacy of daratumumab-VRd against VRd in NDMM subjects who were either transplant ineligible or for whom ASCT was not intended as initial treatment. Daratumumab-VRd’s overall safety profile was consistent with the known profiles of daratumumab SC and VRd.  Johnson & Johnson innovative medicine EMEA therapeutic area haematology lead Edmond Chan stated: “Daratumumab has become a cornerstone of multiple myeloma treatment over the past decade and is now the only anti-cluster of differentiation 38 (CD38) antibody approved to treat all patient types in the frontline setting, regardless of transplant eligibility. “This latest approval confirms the enhanced benefit of daratumumab SC-based quadruplet regimens and its versatility and effectiveness in addressing the diverse needs of those affected by this complex disease.” J&J also filed a supplemental biologics licence application with the US Food and Drug Administration in September 2024 for a new indication for daratumumab SC with VRd to treat adults with NDMM who are either ineligible for ASCT or for whom ASCT is deferred. In 2024, the company announced the submission of a type II variation application to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for its Darzalex-based quadruplet therapy for MM. In 2012, J&J’s Janssen Biotech and Genmab entered a global agreement granting J&J exclusive development, manufacturing and commercialisation rights for daratumumab.  
                The gold standard of business intelligence.
             

                    Find out more
                    



 Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.  





 




                                                                                                                        Pharma Technology Focus : Pharmaceutical Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        


 




                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        


 



Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 

 View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network. 
		The leading site for news and procurement in the pharmaceutical industry 
				Powered by
				
 © Verdict Media Limited 2025 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. 