Title: J&J Medtech survey finds strong European support for healthcare data sharing
Date: 2025-05-07 16:49
URL: https://www.medicaldevice-network.com/news/jj-medtech-survey-finds-strong-european-support-healthcare-data-sharing/?.tsrc=rss

73% of surveyed Europeans said they supported the sharing of healthcare data in exchange for personalised treatment plans. A new survey by Johnson & Johnson (J&J) MedTech reveals that Europeans are generally willing to share their healthcare data in exchange for personalised treatment plans. In Europe, based on responses from France, Germany, Italy, and the UK, 73% said they supported data sharing for personalised treatment plans. Additionally, 76% would ‘feel excited’ about the future of healthcare if technology produced data that made medical and surgical training easier, while 65% reported being ‘excited’ about the use of AI in healthcare. Among healthcare professionals (HCPs), this figure rose to 86%. The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more The online survey featured responses from 11,412 adults in the general population and 964 HCPs across 11 countries, including the UK, US, Italy, and Japan. J&J asserted that the survey results indicated that people “trust technology for key aspects of their healthcare and believe it will continue to deliver benefits”. Other HCP-specific analyses of the survey responses found that 89% of European HCPs agreed that data and technology would significantly support personalised treatment plans, with 92% convinced technology enhances precision in surgical procedures, and 90% agreeing that it may improve overall workflow and decision-making within healthcare systems. J&J MedTech said it conducted the survey as part of efforts to integrate technologies that enhance patient outcomes and tackle key healthcare challenges. The medtech giant is working on innovations such as the use of AI-driven tools for analysing patient data ahead of surgery, cardio mapping systems that provide real-time insights to support clinical decisions, and surgical solutions that personalise procedures such as total knee arthroplasty. To fully realise the potential of these technologies at scale, greater connectivity of data across clinical and operational systems will be essential, it added. Dr Julia Fishman, head of digital solutions for the EMEA region at J&J MedTech, commented: “With our longstanding commitment to support patients and providers across Europe, we champion the transformative potential of data and technology in healthcare. Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. “As patients and healthcare professionals express a clear appetite for data-driven care, we have a collective responsibility – across industry, policymakers and healthcare systems – to unlock the potential of technology safely and meaningfully.” The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more