Title: Walgreens, CVS, & US drugmakers make big moves: What to know
Date: 2025-04-08 14:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/walgreens-cvs-us-drugmakers-big-140318681.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Walgreens (WBA) stock is rising after the company reported better-than-expected second quarter earnings while preparing for privatization. Yahoo Finance Senior Health Reporter Anjalee Khemlani highlights the company's cost management strategy, CVS's (CVS) leadership changes amid similar challenges in the retail drug sector, and moves by US drug makers, like Merck (MRK), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), and Eli Lilly (LLY), as they prepare for incoming tariffs. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. Shares of Walgreens sticking higher this morning after the company reported an earnings beat for the second quarter, as it prepares to go private. Walgreens was the worst performing stock in the S&P 500 in 2024, but has recovered some ground in 2025. Here with more on everything happening around Walgreens Boots Alliance, we've got Yahoo Finance's Anjalee Khemlani. Where do you want to start on, because we've got the earnings, we got the company going private, there's a lot swirling. Yeah, I know. It's a lot. I'll start with the company going private because that actually shifts how we're gonna be covering earnings, of course, once they go private, but also for right now they've completely cut us off. No, I'm kidding. They don't have an earnings call today. So I don't have additional context for you other than what the numbers say, and that's something, um, that we're gonna have to deal with moving forward. They've also pulled 2025 guidance, and that has not seemed to impact the stock negatively, as you noted it is up today. But let's take a look at the numbers and what they said, beat on the revenue, expected 38, beat with 36 38.6 billion. And then not just did earnings per share at 63 cents rather than 53. Now, wanna look at some of the other numbers, cuz we know that they're still in a cost management mode. So while they have reduced the loss since the quarter last year, uh, CEO Tim Wentworth sent a statement that the strategy to reduce cost is still in play and will take some time and so that's what we're looking at. Uh, loss per share, uh, in total $3.30 versus Q2 of 2024, which was $6.85. So that's something to keep in mind. Meanwhile, um, looking at the decrease, um, in the revenue this year had a little bit to do with tax rate front-end slow stores, slow sales at front of store, but then also, uh, a hit through legal settlements. So 969 million of legal payments, and that is from an old case with Everlywell, a COVID testing company that they had, uh, some disagreements with on how they partnered. And then an and then opioid related settlements still weighing on the company. So that's something to keep an eye on as they continue their trajectory into privatization. It's, I can't think of a better time to have the excuse of privatization to be able to cut your forward guidance that really works out for Walgreens in this moment. I I do wanna get your take on Julian and another story in your beat that we are monitoring, which is CVS making some leadership changes this morning. What can you tell us? Yeah. So that's an interesting one, because, um, going from one company to the other, CVS the last one standing in this really large retail drug space, um, the last ryan and having to deal with its own moves. We know that they had to shift through their CEOs, they had a shake up there now, David Joyner is CEO. And so now they're bringing in Brian Newman as the new CFO replacing, uh, Tom Cowey. And so Brian has been at UPS and other retail companies. So that's an interesting fit there, even though we know CVS has done a lot more in the health delivery space. They have a CFO in the retail space there. And then a new executive vice president and Chief Medical Officer, Amy Compton Phillips. Uh, looks like she's gonna be taking over that role from uh, Sricharu who's also taking on who also has another role as, uh, president of healthcare delivery. So a little shift there. So interesting moves right now, as we know the company is, uh, you know, dealing with some of the same pressures that Walgreens was facing in terms of, you know, weakness in front of store sales and just all the changes that are coming down the pike with prescriptions, PBMs, etcetera. So should be interesting to see how this pans out. You know, investors have heard us talk a lot about healthcare at the start of this year and and and here from fact set is perhaps one of the most important markers of why. Healthcare sector expected to report the highest year of year earnings growth rate of all 11 sectors at 35.8%. You think about the industry and the sector right now, US drug manufacturers, they're planning a lot of shifts right now too. How are they planning for shifts under President Trump's tariffs as well though that are moving for? We saw this before the tariffs were even announced. We have major companies like Johnson and Johnson, Eli Lilly and Merck announcing multi-billion dollar projects for shifting manufacturing to the US. You can see on your screen the numbers there, Johnson and Johnson with that 55 billion. Eli Lilly, uh, talking about 27 billion for four manufacturing, uh, uh, buildouts in the in the coming years. All of this is a long-term process though. And so in the meantime, in the interim, while these tariffs start to take place, we know that the manufacturing of drugs wasn't heavily hit by tariffs, but there are going to be announcements of, uh, terrorists that do affect pharma and so that's what they're expecting. And so in that interim, these companies have sort of ahead of the curve, tried to make announcements and and curry favor with the administration. We do know that any additional manufacturing like, uh, that already exists here, any capacity that already exists here is really going to benefit getting, you know, that windfall from anyone scrambling to to get their, uh, manufacturing going. It's also interesting to note that, uh, it is very company specific, um, and also pharma subsector specific, because medical devices are still going to be impacted by those tariffs, and that's an a subsector that is trying to work with the administration to come out of impact as well. Anjali, thank you so much. Really appreciate it. Thanks for joining us. Bloomberg, citing people familiar with the situation, said the timing of Cowhey's departure was unclear but did not give a reason for the CFO leaving.  CVS declined to comment to Bloomberg and did not immediately respond to a Reuters email for comment. Both LLY and NVO are leading pharmaceutical companies specializing in diabetes and obesity treatments. The company has decided to switch gears following disappointing data for a monoclonal antibody targeting a rare maternal blood disorder. The device is differentiated from other Shockwave products, and rival catheters from Abbott and Boston Scientific, because it emits waves from its tip. The headline numbers for Walgreens (WBA) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended February 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals. Booking Holdings (BKNG) closed at $4,164.15 in the latest trading session, marking a -1.9% move from the prior day. The new facility is set to open in 2026 and will house around 800 employees. Shares of pharmacy and insurance giant CVS Health (NYSE: CVS) were soaring 8.2% higher as of 11:32 a.m. ET on Tuesday.  CVS Health announced that Brian Newman will be the new CFO effective April 21, 2025.  Newman is coming to CVS after serving as CFO for United Parcel Service. We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Lead Rally Amid Market Bloodbath. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS) stands against other stocks that lead rally amid market bloodbath. The stock market took a battering anew on Tuesday, with all major indices registering steep losses […] I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
