Title: Import Prices Turn Negative for First Time Since September
Date: 2025-04-15 15:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/import-prices-turn-negative-first-150400878.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. New economic data is out this morning, some of it reflecting conditions prior to our current tariff realities. We also see Q1 earnings results continue to ramp up, but we won’t have the spigots open completely til next week. Pre-markets are down somewhat, following a +3/4-percent gain on the Dow and the S&P 500, +2/3-percent gain for the Nasdaq. Headline Import Prices for last month have arrived, marking the first monthly negative since September of last year: -0.1%. This is down from the +0.1% estimate and the prior two months up +0.4%. Subtracting volatile fuel prices, an “unched” headline, 0.0%, is down -30 basis points (bps) from estimates and the previous month’s headline. Year over year, Import Prices reached +0.9%, 60 bps lower than the +1.5% anticipated by analysts and 110 bps lower month over month, from February. Keep in mind, this pricing was all conducted under the specter of a new tariff regime conditioning markets. It’s tough to know exactly how these numbers reflect this directly, but we expect to look back a few months and see clearly where tariff policy took hold. Exports for March were also “unched” month over month, but still +2.4% year over year. This is now the third straight month with Exports at or above +2% — the strongest such trend since the end of 2022, and again likely reflecting methods of exporters getting ahead of April tariffs. We do not expect such benign levels when these metrics report a month from now. The latest Empire State survey, tracking New York state manufacturing for the month of April, posted a negative headline number, -8.1, which was an improvement from the -10.0 estimate and -20.0 reported for March, which was the lowest performance rate since a year-ago January. The last positive Empire State headline was January of this year: +5.7. Bank of America BAC is the latest of the big Wall Street commercial banks to report Q1 earnings, and the company posted its 11th-straight earnings beat: earnings of 90 cents per share outpaced the Zacks consensus of 81 cents by +11%. Revenues of $27.37 billion in the quarter surpassed expectations by +1.89%. Shares are up +2% in early trading, working down some of the -16% loss year to date. Pharmaceutical and household products maker Johnson & Johnson JNJ outperformed estimates on both top and bottom lines for its Q1 this morning, with earnings of $2.77 per share beating the Zacks consensus by 20 cents (and swinging to a profit year over year by 6 cents per share) on revenues of $21.89 billion — surpassing expectations by +1.26%. However, an unchanged earnings per share (EPS) guide for the full year is pulling shares down -1.5% in the news, after having grown +6% year to date Back to the banks, Citigroup C also posted solid beats in its Q1 report this morning, with earnings of $1.96 per share bettering estimates by 12 cents per share and +21% from year-ago numbers. Revenues of $21.6 billion was a step ahead of the $21.18 billion in the Zacks consensus. Expenses for the quarter fell by -5% to $13.4 billion. Shares are up +1% in the pre-market, cutting into the -10% loss year to date. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values. Johnson & Johnson is holding its earnings outlook steady despite President Donald Trump signaling he could put tariffs on the pharmaceutical industry. The administration announced earlier it would conduct an investigation into drug imports. That move is widely seen as a first step toward imposing new levies. Earnings and revenue both beat estimates for the quarter. Johnson & Johnson CFO Joe Wolk joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how tariffs could hit the industry and the drug maker's bottom line. J&J beats first-quarter earnings and sales estimates. It raises sales guidance for 2025 to reflect the addition of Caplyta from the Intra-Cellular acquisition. Newsmax (NYSE: NMAX) stock is seeing another round of significant gains Tuesday. The company's share price was up 9.5% as of 12:45 p.m. ET and had been up as much as 19.1% earlier in the day. After rising roughly 14% in Monday's trading, Newsmax stock is continuing to move higher in today's session. One major auto-industry tracker thinks President Donald Trump’s vision of purely U.S.-made cars is purely fantasy. Many people see wealth as an endgame. When they've earned enough for their net worth to require that second comma -- indicating they've reached millionaire or even multimillionaire status -- they've... The index’s 50-day moving average indicates it is losing momentum compared with the 200-day moving average. Stock-market volatility will likely persist for longer, said Dubravko Lakos, head of global markets strategy at JPMorgan Chase. The bank slashed its year-end S&P 500 target to 5200 from 6500 last week, assuming the reciprocal tariffs stay in place, Lakos said. “I will say that time is of essence,” Lakos said. The sale to private equity firm Silver Lake comes as the chipmaker looks to shore up its finances. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
