Title: Biopharma Shakeup: Goldman Boosts J&J, Eli Lilly While Flagging Risks at Pfizer and AbbVie
Date: 2025-04-08 17:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biopharma-shakeup-goldman-boosts-j-175813148.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Goldman Sachs just made a series of big moves in U.S. biopharma coverage lifting ratings on Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY) while cutting Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV), and Bristol Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) to Neutral. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Signs with PFE. Eli Lilly, which had seen a three-day decline, was upgraded to Buy by analyst Asad Haider. He said the company's strong position in the obesity drug market offers a compelling entry point. Still, Goldman slightly lowered its price target for the stock to $888 from $892. Johnson & Johnson also got a boost to Buy. Haider said concerns about losing patent protection on its blockbuster drug Stelara may be overstated. He pointed out that pharmaceutical valuations tend to bottom out about a year before major losses of exclusivity, which could work in J&J's favor. Goldman raised its 12-month price target to $172 from $157. On the flip side, AbbVie was downgraded to Neutral. Haider noted that investors already seem to have priced in the growth potential of its newer immunology drugs, Skyrizi and Rinvoq, following the Humira patent loss. The price target was cut to $194 from $212. Pfizer also moved down to Neutral, with its target reduced to $25 from $32. Goldman thinks the benefits of Pfizer's cost-cutting and COVID-related M&A efforts in oncology will take time to show up in its share price. Bristol Myers got the same treatment. Goldman said recent cost-cutting moves are already reflected in the stock, and its $67 target was cut to $55. The firm flagged looming patent cliffs and warned that bridging the expected revenue drop will be a significant challenge. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. In the closing of the recent trading day, Eli Lilly (LLY) stood at $726.14, denoting a +0.33% change from the preceding trading day. We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Eli Lilly & Company (NYSE:LLY) stands against other defensive stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher […] Might the tariff risk for pharmaceutical stocks be less than you think? We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Nailed These 11 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Thursday, April 3rd, the host of Mad Money opened the most recent show by addressing the growing […] Both LLY and NVO are leading pharmaceutical companies specializing in diabetes and obesity treatments. Here at Zacks, our focus is on the proven Zacks Rank system, which emphasizes earnings estimates and estimate revisions to find great stocks. Nevertheless, we are always paying attention to the latest value, growth, and momentum trends to underscore strong picks. J&J exhibited additional findings from the Vivacity-MG3 study, displaying that nipocalimab met its key secondary endpoint. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
