Title: The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights Johnson & Johnson and AbbVie
Date: 2025-05-07 12:48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-analyst-blog-highlights-johnson-124800331.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Chicago, IL – May 7, 2025 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include: Johnson & Johnson JNJ and AbbVie ABBV.
Here are highlights from Tuesday’s Analyst Blog:
Johnson & Johnson and AbbVie are two major U.S. pharmaceutical companies with robust pipelines and global operations. Both companies have a strong presence in immunology, oncology and neuroscience areas. Other than that, J&J also has drugs for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, pulmonary hypertension and infectious diseases, along with a strong presence in the medical devices segment.
On the other hand, AbbVie entered the aesthetics market by acquiring Botox maker Allergan in 2020.
It seems that 2025 will be a "catalyst year" for JNJ and ABBV, with both expecting their revenues and profits to improve. But which one is a better investment option today? Let's take a closer look at their fundamentals, growth prospects and challenges to make an informed choice.
The Case for J&J
J&J's biggest strength is its diversified business model, which helps it to withstand economic cycles more effectively. It operates through more than 275 subsidiaries.
Its Innovative Medicine unit is showing a growth trend. The segment's sales rose 4.4% in the first quarter of 2025 on an organic basis despite the loss of exclusivity (LOE) for its multi-billion-dollar product, Stelara, and the negative impact of the Part D redesign. In 2025, J&J expects growth in the Innovative Medicine segment in the face of Stelara biosimilar entrants to be driven by its key products such as Darzalex, Tremfya, Spravato and Erleada, as well as new drugs like Carvykti, Tecvayli and Talvey, and new indications for Tremfya and Rybrevant.
J&J is also making rapid progress with its pipeline and has been on an acquisition spree lately, which has strengthened its pipeline.
Sales in J&J's MedTech business are facing continued headwinds in the Asia Pacific, specifically in China. Sales in China are being hurt by the impact of the volume-based procurement (VBP) program and the anticorruption campaign. J&J does not expect any improvement in its business in the Asia Pacific region, specifically in China, in 2025. Competitive pressure is also hurting sales growth in some MedTech businesses.
The company lost U.S. patent exclusivity of its blockbuster drug, Stelara, in 2025. Stelara sales declined 33.7% in the first quarter of 2025. The launch of generics is expected to significantly erode the drug's sales, hurting J&J's sales and profits in 2025.
J&J faces more than 62,000 lawsuits for its talc-based products, primarily baby powders. The lawsuits allege that its talc products contain asbestos, which caused many women to develop ovarian cancer. J&J insists that its talc-based products are safe and do not cause cancer. The company permanently discontinued the sales of its talc-based Johnson's Baby Powder.
Last month, a bankruptcy court in Texas rejected J&J's proposed bankruptcy plan to settle its talc lawsuits after a two-week trial in Houston. J&J will go back to the traditional tort system to fight the lawsuits individually with its bankruptcy strategy to settle the lawsuits failing for the third time.
The Case for AbbVie
AbbVie has successfully navigated the LOE of its blockbuster drug, Humira, which once generated more than 50% of its total revenues. It has accomplished this by launching two other successful new immunology medicines, Skyrizi and Rinvoq, which are performing extremely well, bolstered by approvals in new indications and should support top-line growth in the next few years. On the first-quarter conference call in April, AbbVie also raised its EPS guidance for 2025, driven by stronger-than-expected sales of Rinvoq and Skyrizi. AbbVie expects to record combined Skyrizi and Rinvoq sales of more than $31 billion in 2027.
The company's oncology strategy is also gaining traction, supported by increasing contributions from newer products, Elahere and Epkinly.
AbbVie has several early/mid-stage pipeline candidates with blockbuster potential. The company expects several regulatory submissions, approvals and key data readouts in the next 12 months. AbbVie has also been on an acquisition spree in the past couple of years, which is strengthening its pipeline. It has signed several M&A deals in the immunology space, its core area, while also signing some early-stage deals in oncology and neuroscience areas. It recently forayed into the lucrative obesity space through a licensing deal with Denmark-based Gubra for the latter's experimental obesity drug.
However, the company faces some near-term headwinds like Humira's biosimilar erosion, increasing competitive pressure on cancer drug Imbruvica and a slow market growth trend for Juvederm fillers in the United States and China due to challenging market conditions.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for J&J's 2025 sales and EPS implies a year-over-year increase of 2.7% and 6.2%, respectively. The EPS estimate for 2025 has risen from $10.58 per share to $10.60 per share over the past 30 days, while that for 2026 has declined from $11.07 per share to $10.98 per share over the same timeframe.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for AbbVie's 2025 sales and EPS implies a year-over-year increase of 6.4% and 21.2%, respectively. The EPS estimate for 2025 has declined from $12.30 per share to $12.26 per share over the past 30 days, while that for 2026 has risen from $13.97 per share to $14.06 per share over the same timeframe.
Despite tariff fears and market volatility, stocks of both JNJ and ABBV have risen this year. Year to date, J&J's stock has risen 8.1%, while AbbVie's stock has risen 12.4% compared with the industry's increase of 2.4%
J&J looks a tad more attractive than ABBV from a valuation standpoint. Going by the price/earnings ratio, J&J's shares currently trade at 14.44 forward earnings, slightly lower than 15.70 for the industry, and its 5-year mean of 15.89. AbbVie's shares currently trade at 15.22 forward earnings, slightly lower than the industry but much higher than the stock's 5-year mean of 12.23.
AbbVie & J&J have a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) each, which makes choosing one stock a difficult task. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
J&J has shown steady revenue and EPS growth for years. J&J considers 2025 to be a "catalyst year," positioning the company for growth in the second half of the decade. J&J expects operational sales growth in both the Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments to be higher in the second half of 2025 than in the first. While newly launched products should drive growth in the Innovative Medicines segment in the second half, the MedTech segment may benefit from new products and easier comps. J&J expects growth to accelerate from 2026 onward. However, though J&J's Innovative Medicines unit is showing a growing trend, the softness in the MedTech unit is a concern. The legal battle surrounding its talc lawsuits has created a bearish sentiment around the stock.
On the other hand, AbbVie has faced its biggest challenge — Humira's patent cliff — quite well and looks well-positioned for continued strong growth in the years ahead. The company saw a rapid return to sales growth in 2024 after revenues declined in 2023 due to Humira LOE, driven by its ex-Humira platform. AbbVie's ex-Humira drugs rose more than 20% in the first quarter of 2025. J&J, in sharp contrast, faces LOE of one of its biggest drugs, Stelara, in 2025.
Boosted by its new product launches, AbbVie expects to return to robust mid-single-digit revenue growth in 2025 with a high single-digit CAGR through 2029, as it has no significant LOE event for the rest of this decade.
Despite its steeper valuation, AbbVie is a clear-cut winner due to rising estimates, stock price appreciation, a solid pipeline, and better prospects for sales and profit growth.
Why Haven't You Looked at Zacks' Top Stocks?
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
See Stocks Free >>
Media Contact
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
support@zacks.com                        
https://www.zacks.com
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Novo Nordisk, Honeywell International and American Tower are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of […]
Coca-Cola (KO) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
We came across a bullish thesis on AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ABBV. AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)’s share was trading at $198.47 as of May 2nd. ABBV’s trailing and forward P/E were 84.82 and 16.34 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. AbbVie (ABBV) delivered a strong […]
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.