Title: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): Among Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On
Date: 2025-04-08 22:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-jnj-among-defensive-221416769.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher Asset Management. He is a world-renowned investment manager recognized for his contrarian approach and strong belief in capitalism. With an estimated net worth of more than $11.2 billion, he ranks among the world’s wealthiest billionaires. The son of famed investor Philip Fisher, also known as the “Father of Growth Investing”, he coupled his father’s growth philosophy with a data-driven value mindset. Long before he became a popular name in the financial industry, Fisher made waves in the 1980s with a revolutionary idea: utilizing the Price/Sales ratio as a major tool for spotting bargain firms. Fisher noted that earnings are frequently erratic, particularly over short periods. Companies may report lower earnings on account of temporary issues such as R&D spending or accounting adjustments. Sales, on the other hand, are more steady and offer a better understanding of a company’s business strength. Anyone that follows Fisher knows that he is one of the market’s most outspoken pundits. He thinks that, while political developments might elicit strong emotions, they rarely affect the market’s long-term direction. According to Fisher, bull markets often end as a result of either unrestrained investor enthusiasm or an unforeseen economic shock with global implications. Interestingly, his views on several subjects, notably tariffs, appear to have evolved. Fisher has previously downplayed the potential impact of President Trump’s tariffs, stating that they may not be fully enforced or be in place for as long as anticipated. He also stressed that businesses are highly adaptable to changing economic policies, which he felt may help reduce long-term harm. However, in a recent post on X, the billionaire criticized the government’s plan to impose wide tariff measures: “What Trump unveiled Wednesday is stupid, wrong, arrogantly extreme, ignorant trade-wise and addressing a non-problem with misguided tools. Yet, as near as I can tell it will fade and fail and the fear is bigger than the problem, which from here is bullish.” Over the last two years, the United States has dominated global markets, propelled by large growth stocks in the technology and technology-related communication services sectors, which accounted for more than 40% of US market capitalization, significantly exceeding the rest of the world’s 11%. These firms have greatly increased US returns, but Europe, where such equities account for less than 10% of total market capitalization, missed this edge. Europe’s rising stock presence is primarily restricted to luxury products, which struggled in 2024 as Asian buyers cut spending. As a result, Europe underperformed significantly during the two-year period, returning only 24.1% compared to the US’s 60.3%. Now, however, Europe is taking the lead, and its leading sectors—primarily value stocks linked to economic cycles rather than long-term trends—are primed to benefit, a sentiment that Ken Fisher echoes himself: “This should be the first year in quite some years where value beats growth. And as that happens, the US lags the non-US world, and particularly Europe, which is so heavily value laden. So that’s been my core forecast. That will remain my core forecast until I see some big change or something different that should make me change my mind. But I babble on these videos pretty much every month, so you can hear that if it ever happens this year. Otherwise, that’s my view. I think it’ll be another big year in the market with global 20% kind of returns.” For this article, we picked defensive companies from Fisher Asset Management’s 13F portfolio as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2024. The following firms have low beta values (<1), consistent dividend histories, and robust businesses. Additionally, we have mentioned the hedge fund sentiment around each stock, as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A smiling baby with an array of baby care products in the foreground. Beta Value: 0.41 Dividend Yield: 3.24% Fisher Asset Management’s Q4 Stake: $1.18 billion Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 98 Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is a notable name in the healthcare industry, which includes sub-sectors like pharmaceuticals, medical equipment, and consumer health products. The company is known for creating medications to treat a variety of conditions and diseases, including cancer, diabetes, and HIV/AIDS. On April 4, UBS reaffirmed its Buy rating and $180 price target for Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Despite a blow from an unexpected judicial ruling involving talc-related cases, UBS believes Johnson & Johnson’s core business will stay robust. UBS noticed trends in new prescription (NBRx) and total prescription (TRx) growth, pointing out a 14% quarter-over-quarter rise in TRx for Tremfya, a drug used to treat plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. The company has grown its dividends for 62 consecutive years and now pays a quarterly dividend of $1.24 per share. As of April 5, the stock’s dividend yield was 3.24%. Overall, JNJ ranks 7th on our list of defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. While we acknowledge the potential for JNJ as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%.  If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than JNJ but  trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. We recently published a list of 10 Defense Stocks with the Highest EPS Growth in 5 Years. In this article, we will take a look at where GE Aerospace (NYSE:GE) stands against other stocks with the highest EPS growth during this period. The world has been embroiled in deadly political and armed conflict over the […] Coffee Mate’s marketing team was as surprised as everyone else when poisoned piña colada leftovers almost caused the death of one of its main characters on Sunday night’s season finale of “The White Lotus.”  The rum-based cocktail features prominently in “The White Lotus” finale, which aired Sunday, April 6.  The marketing team behind Coffee Mate, which had launched “The White Lotus”-themed piña colada- and Thai iced coffee-flavored creamers earlier this year in tandem with the show’s third season, said it had no idea that plotline was coming. NetApp (NTAP) concluded the recent trading session at $76.14, signifying a -1.21% move from its prior day's close. In the closing of the recent trading day, Waste Management (WM) stood at $216.47, denoting a -1.85% change from the preceding trading day. The latest trading day saw Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) settling at $45.90, representing a -1.65% change from its previous close. We recently published a list of 20 Stocks Insiders Bought in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) stands against other stocks that insiders bought in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. President Donald Trump called April 2 a “Liberation Day” after […] Prominent investor Josh Brown, the co-founder of Ritholtz Wealth Management, recently told CNBC why he decided to add to his positions in Amazon (AMZN) and Uber (UBER). Brown also explained his rationale for buying shares of mortgage provider Rocket Companies (RKT) for the first time. Why Brown Added to His AMZN, UBER Holdings Describing both […] Considering how much the stock markets have tanked since President Donald Trump announced his sweeping tariffs on April 3, you might be skittish about putting money into equities right now. Read Next:... I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
