FDA approves J&J’s Imaavy for generalised myasthenia gravis
2025-05-01 10-40
https://www.pharmaceutical-technology.com/news/jj-imaavy-fda/?.tsrc=rss
The approval by the US regulator is based on data from the pivotal Vivacity-MG3 trial.
Johnson & Johnson’s (J&J) human neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)-blocking monoclonal antibody Imaavy (nipocalimab-aahu) has received US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for treating generalised myasthenia gravis (gMG), a chronic autoantibody condition.
The approval comes after the agency’s priority review designation, which provides a new treatment alternative for the adult and paediatric population aged 12 and above who are positive for anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-muscle-specific kinase (MuSK) antibodies.

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            




Imaavy’s approval is based on data from the pivotal Vivacity-MG3 trial.
It demonstrated that the antibody with standard of care (SOC) significantly improved disease control over 24 weeks against placebo plus SOC, as assessed by the Myasthenia Gravis-Activities of Daily Living score.
This improvement allowed subjects to regain essential daily functions such as swallowing, speaking, breathing and chewing.
Subjects maintained these improvements for up to 20 months of follow-up in the ongoing open-label extension study.
Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis.
The antibody rapidly and sustainably reduces immunoglobulin G (IgG) levels, a root cause of gMG, in both adult and paediatric pivotal trials.
In the ongoing Phase II/III Vibrance paediatric trial, it has reported a 69% decrease in total serum IgG over 24 weeks.
The safety profile is consistent across the Vivacity-MG3 and the ongoing Vibrance-MG trials, with comparable tolerability observed in both age groups.
Regulatory bodies worldwide are reviewing health authority submissions for the approval of the antibody in the treatment of gMG.
The antibody is tailored to decrease levels of the circulating IgG antibodies that cause gMG, without affecting other adaptive and innate immune functions.
Johnson & Johnson innovative medicine global immunology therapeutic area head David Lee stated: “This approval is the result of years of scientific commitment, collaboration and determination for our nipocalimab programme, and we’re proud to bring this new treatment option to patients living with anti-AChR or anti-MuSK antibody positive gMG.”
In March 2025, Johnson & Johnson innovative medicine announced a $55bn investment over the next four years to expand its US footprint.


                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    




Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Pharma Technology Focus : Pharmaceutical Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the pharmaceutical industry

				Powered by
				

© Verdict Media Limited 2025
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.