Q1 2025 Johnson & Johnson Earnings Call
2025-04-16 05-26
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/q1-2025-johnson-johnson-earnings-052648551.html?.tsrc=rss
Jessica Moore; Vice President - Investor Relations; Johnson & Johnson
Joaquin Duato; Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer; Johnson & Johnson
John Reed; Executive Vice President - Innovative Medicine, Research and Development; Johnson & Johnson
Joseph Wolk; Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President; Johnson & Johnson
Jennifer Taubert; Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Innovative Medicine; Johnson & Johnson
Tim Schmid; Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman of MedTech; Johnson & Johnson
Larry Biegelsen; Analyst; Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Chris Schott; Analyst; JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Asad Haider; Analyst; Goldman Sachs
Danielle Antalffy; Analyst; UBS Equities
Terence Flynn; Analyst; Morgan Stanley
Joanne Wuensch; Analyst; Citi
Vamil Divan; Analyst; Guggenheim Securities LLC
Matt Miksic; Analyst; Barclays
Tim Anderson; Analyst; Bank of America
Operator
Good morning and welcome to Johnson & Johnson's first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I now turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.
Jessica Moore
Hello, everyone. This is Jessica Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson. Welcome to our company's review of business results for the first quarter of 2025, and our updated financial outlook.A few logistics before we get into the details. As a reminder, you can find additional materials, including today's presentation and associated schedules on the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website at investor.jnj.com.Please note that this presentation contains forward-looking statements regarding among other things the company's future operating and financial performance, market position, and business strategy. You are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements, which are based on the current expectations of future events using the information available as of the date of this recording and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that may cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected.A description of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors can be found in our SEC filings, including our 2024 Form 10-K, which is available at investor.jnj.com and on the SEC's website. Additionally, several of the products and compounds discussed today are being developed in collaboration with strategic partners or licensed from other companies. This slide acknowledges those relationships.Moving to today's agenda. Joaquin Duato, our Chairman and CEO, will open with a few comments on our performance and key catalysts for the company. John Reed, our Executive Vice President, Innovative Medicine, R&D, will highlight recent data from select assets.I will then review the first quarter sales and P&L results. Joe Wolk, our CFO, will then close by sharing an overview of our cash position, capital allocation priorities, and guidance for 2025. Jennifer Taubert, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Innovative Medicine; and Tim Schmid, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, MedTech, will be joining us for Q&A.To ensure we provide enough time to address your questions, we anticipate the webcast will last slightly over 60 minutes. With that, I will now turn the call over to Joaquin.