Title: J&J reports analysis from Phase III trial of plaque psoriasis treatment
Date: 2025-04-11 11:41
URL: https://www.clinicaltrialsarena.com/news/jj-icotrokinra-psoriasis/?.tsrc=rss

The safety profile of icotrokinra was demonstrated to be 'favourable', according to the company.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has reported data from the Phase III ICONIC-LEAD trial’s subgroup analysis evaluating icotrokinra in treating moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (PsO).
The data revealed that adolescents who were administered the therapy once a day achieved ‘higher’ rates of clear or almost clear skin at the 16-week mark compared to those receiving the placebo, without any safety signals detected.
The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
Icotrokinra is an investigational oral peptide said to selectively inhibit the interleukin-23 (IL-23) receptor, and it is being evaluated in individuals aged 12 and above with this condition.
The randomised controlled trial aims to assess icotrokinra’s safety and efficacy compared to a placebo in 684 subjects, with 66 adolescent patients.
This study claims to be the first Phase III registrational trial to evaluate a systemic therapy’s safety and efficacy in both adolescents and adults concurrently.
The trial’s co-primary endpoints are an Investigator’s Global Assessment (IGA) score of 0/1, with a minimum of a two-grade improvement, and a higher efficiency bar using the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI 90).
At week 16, 84.1% of adolescents treated with the therapy achieved an IGA score of 0/1, and 70.5% reached a PASI 90 response, versus 27.3% and 13.6% on placebo, respectively.
These response rates continued to enhance through week 24, in which 86.4% and 88.6% of adolescent subjects achieved IGA 0/1 and PASI 90 responses, respectively.
In addition, at week 24, 75% and 63.6% of adolescent subjects achieved IGA 0 and PASI 100 scores, respectively.
The safety profile of icotrokinra was demonstrated to be ‘favourable’, according to the company.
The licence and collaboration agreement signed in 2017 between Protagonist Therapeutics and Janssen Biotech allowed the two companies to jointly discover and develop next-generation compounds, ultimately leading to icotrokinra.
J&J innovative medicine immunodermatology disease area lead and vice-president Liza O’Dowd said: “Adolescents living with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis shouldn’t have to wait for effective treatment options that have the potential to deliver completely clear skin, which is the driving force for studying this younger population as part of the pivotal ICONIC programme.”
Icotrokinra is currently under investigation in the pivotal Phase III ICONIC clinical development programme for moderate-to-severe PsO and active psoriatic arthritis, as well as the Phase IIb ANTHEM-UC study formoderately to severely active ulcerative colitis.

The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.

Visit ourPrivacy Policyfor more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address.
View all newslettersfrom across the GlobalData Media network.
Hard data and deep insights on clinical trials strategy & operations
Powered by
© Verdict Media Limited 2025
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
