Title: J&J expects a $400M hit from tariffs, mostly from China
Date: 2025-04-15 19:49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/j-j-expects-400m-hit-194926931.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) beat first quarter earnings expectations, but concerns over a $400 million tariff impact, mainly from China, are keeping shares flat. Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Anjalee Khemlani joins Market Domination to show how the company's medical device business is feeling the pressure.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.
Johnson & Johnson tops first quarter earnings estimates, but the pharma company expecting a tariff impact on business. And Yahoo Finance's Anjalee Khemlani joins us now with the very latest, Anj.
That's right, Josh. And we know that of course, tariffs are top of mind for the entire pharma sector as, we know, we heard the announcement from the administration yesterday about the specific pharmaceutical tariffs. Uh, Johnson & Johnson sort of bridges two gaps. It's it also sells medical devices and that includes to China. So that is where a lot of the impact comes from for the business. Just taking a quick look at the earnings, they did beat on both the revenue as well as earnings per share, but that doesn't seem to really have helped their stock. It's been trading largely flat, but, you know, slightly negative all day long. And that's because Wall Street is still waiting to hear about the final impacts. We took a look at what they said during the earnings call and they said they were expecting about $400 million in terms of impact and that's largely coming from those medical devices. I had a chance to catch up with CFO Joe Wolk earlier today and here's what he had to say specifically about where that $400 million is coming from. Take a listen.
The tariffs that we've included in that 400 million relate to products that are not exempt under USMCA, some of the aluminum and steel tariffs that currently exist and apply to our MedTech products, and then the China tariffs, both, uh, uh, from China as well as the retaliatory, uh, tariffs that China had levied upon us. That last piece makes up probably about 70% of the total $400 million. So those are products of origin here in the US being shipped to China, and that's the impact that we we actually have. So we'll have to see with respect to pharmaceutical tariffs.
So they're still waiting like the rest of the industry for the rest of the, you know, the other shoe to drop, essentially. And that's where things stand right now for, uh, for the medical devices. Uh, we've seen analyst notes all day talking about how they have less protection, uh, from China in particular, but also the Mexico, Canada, as you as they mentioned, or as he mentioned earlier, about the steel and aluminum there. Uh, looking at what's ahead and how to sort of, you know, wait for everything else to fall out for the year, I asked him how he's thinking about this, in particular how to, you know, run the company knowing that the the situation is still kind of fluid. And here's what Joe had to say.
My only role, I guess, as CFO at this point would be to look at the profitability of business. If these tariffs continue to escalate, then you just have to make decisions like we would in any other part of our business. And we're currently doing within our orthopedics and surgery portfolio, rationalizing skews that are on the less profitable and perhaps even unprofitable side, in either certain markets or certain product portfolios. And that would be no different.
So, as you can see, just looking at, uh, you know, rationalizing the business, and this is already impacting the company, the first of the major pharmaceuticals to report in this quarter. So we'll just have to wait and see how the rest stack up by comparison.
All right, thank you, Anj. Appreciate it.
J&J is projecting a $400m hit due to US tariffs in 2025, but reaffirmed its profit outlook while raising its sales forecast.
We recently published a list of the 10 High Growth Forever Dividend Stocks to Invest In. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tractor Supply Company (NASDAQ:TSCO) stands against other high growth forever dividend stocks. Dividend stocks have trailed the broader market over the past two years, largely due to investors […]
HP (HPQ) concluded the recent trading session at $23.74, signifying a -1.25% move from its prior day's close.
US benchmark equity indexes were little changed intraday as companies continued to report financial
In the latest trading session, Siga Technologies Inc. (SIGA) closed at $6.04, marking a -1.79% move from the previous day.
Veeva Systems (VEEV) closed the most recent trading day at $222.72, moving -0.42% from the previous trading session.
ASML reported lower-than-expected orders, citing weakness in the chip sector. The Dutch company reported bookings of 3.94 billion ($4.47 billion) in the three months through March, lower than the average analyst expectation of 4.82 billion. ASML is the sole producer of cutting-edge lithography machines used by semiconductor companies like TSMC to make advanced chips. Bloomberg's Charlotte Hughes-Morgan reports.
In the most recent trading session, Eli Lilly (LLY) closed at $757.18, indicating a +0.38% shift from the previous trading day.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially […]
J&J beats first-quarter earnings and sales estimates. It raises sales guidance for 2025 to reflect the addition of Caplyta from the Intra-Cellular acquisition.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.