The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights Amazon, Johnson & Johnson, Cisco Systems and NeurAxis
2025-05-01 08-49
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-analyst-blog-highlights-amazon-084900432.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Chicago, IL – May 1, 2025 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include: Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN, Johnson & Johnson JNJ, Cisco Systems, Inc. CSCO and NeurAxis, Inc. NRXS.
The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Amazon.com, Inc., Johnson & Johnson and Cisco Systems, Inc., as well as a micro-cap NeurAxis, Inc. The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You can see all of today’s research reports here >>>
The daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens, attempting to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.You can read today's AWS here >>> First Negative GDP in 3+ Years: -0.3%; Pre-Markets Down
Shares of Amazon.com have gained +0.4% over the past year against the Zacks Internet - Commerce industry’s gain of +13.4%. The company’s top-line is driven by steady momentum in Prime and AWS. Strengthening AWS services portfolio and its growing adoption rate is contributing well to AWS performance. Ultra-fast delivery services and expanding content portfolio are beneficial. Strengthening relationships with third-party sellers is a positive.A robust advertising business is also contributing well. Amazon’s expanding global presence remains a positive. Growing capabilities in grocery, pharmacy, healthcare and autonomous driving are other positives. Deepening focus on generative AI is a major plus. We expect 2025 net sales to increase 8.6% from 2025.However, Amazon announced disappointing guidance for the first quarter. Management cited foreign exchange headwinds and the absence of an extra Leap Year Day as factors likely to impact growth in the current quarter.(You can read the full research report on Amazon.com here >>>)Johnson & Johnson’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Large Cap Pharmaceuticals industry over the year-to-date period (+8.3% vs. +3.5%). The company beat Q1 estimates for earnings and sales. J&J’s Innovative Medicine unit is showing a growth trend, driven by existing products like Darzalex, Tremfya and Erleada and continued uptake of new launches, including Spravato, Carvykti and Tecvayli.J&J is making rapid progress with its pipeline and has been on an acquisition spree lately, which has strengthened this pipeline. However, sales in the MedTech segment have slowed down due to headwinds in Asia-Pacific markets like China and competitive pressure in some categories.The launch of Stelara generics is eroding the drug’s sales in 2025. Uncertainty around the talc lawsuits remains. The potential impact of pharma tariffs in an uncertain economic landscape is still an overhang.(You can read the full research report on Johnson & Johnson here >>>)Shares of Cisco Systems have gained +24.3% over the past year against the Zacks Computer - Networking industry’s gain of +25%. The company’s business model has evolved with subscription revenues accounting for more than half of its total revenues. An increase in its recurring revenue base bodes well for investors. The Splunk acquisition enhances these recurring revenues.The buyout significantly expands Cisco’s portfolio of software-based solutions, contributing more than $4 billion in ARR and making it one of the largest software companies in the world. The launch of AI-powered Hypershield, which combines security and networking, strengthened Cisco’s security portfolio.However, it has been suffering from sluggish networking sales, primarily due to lackluster demand from telecommunication and cable services providers, as well as stiff competition. Cisco’s prospects are further challenged in the AI-driven networking space due to stiffening competition.(You can read the full research report on Cisco Systems here >>>)NeurAxis’ shares have outperformed the Zacks Medical Info Systems industry over the year-to-date period (+5.5% vs. +4.9%). This microcap company with a market capitalization of $16.02 million has delivered 43% revenue growth in fourth-quarter 2024, driven by 45% unit growth and insurance expansion from 4 million to 51 million lives.Regulatory milestones, including FDA clearance for broader age use and upcoming CPT I code activation (January 2026), enhance scalability. IB-Stim targets a pediatric gut-brain disorder market valued at more than $8 billion, and the RED device expands into a $2 billion adult diagnostic market.While revenue growth, liquidity ($3.7 million cash) and gross margins (86.4% in the fourth quarter) are solid, risks include delayed CPT benefits, insurance adoption lag, concentration in IB-Stim, cash burn, margin pressure from discount programs and emerging MedTech competition. The stock is currently valued below its historical median on both EV/Sales and P/S metrics, aligning closely with industry averages.(You can read the full research report on NeurAxis here >>>)
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
See Stocks Free >>
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
support@zacks.com
https://www.zacks.com
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Neuraxis, Inc. (NRXS): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Investors looking for ways to find stocks that are set to beat quarterly earnings estimates should check out the Zacks Earnings ESP.
The approval by the US regulator is based on data from the pivotal Vivacity-MG3 trial.
Beloved Apple and Amazon are gearing up to reveal their next set of quarterly results, helping headline the reporting docket for this week.
Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO), as well as a micro-cap NeurAxis, Inc. (NRXS).
The slowdown in IPOs following tariff-associated turbulence and FDA reorganisation will soon pass, say industry investors.
Medical stocks could see a resurgence if the economy hits a speed bump due to tariffs. But which health care stocks are worth watching?
President Donald Trump acknowledged that his sweeping tariff program had risked imperiling him politically, but said he would not rush deals to appease nervous investors during a town hall on Wednesday.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Details Of Trump’s Tariff Negotiations & Discusses 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented […]
We recently published a list of 12 AI Stocks Making Waves Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other AI stocks making waves today. China’s foreign ministry recently released a video on its social media feeds, complete with a voice-over in American-accented English, comparing […]
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...