Title: United Airlines (UAL) Q1 Earnings_ What To Expect
Date: 2025-04-14 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/united-airlines-ual-q1-earnings-120057694.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Airline company United Airlines Holdings (NASDAQ:UAL) will be reporting results tomorrow after market close. Here’s what you need to know.
United Airlines beat analysts’ revenue expectations by 2.1% last quarter, reporting revenues of $14.7 billion, up 7.8% year on year. It was a strong quarter for the company, with a decent beat of analysts’ adjusted operating income and EPS estimates. It reported 64.46 billion revenue passenger miles, up 6.3% year on year.
Is United Airlines a buy or sell going into earnings? Read our full analysis here, it’s free.
This quarter, analysts are expecting United Airlines’s revenue to grow 4.7% year on year to $13.13 billion, slowing from the 9.7% increase it recorded in the same quarter last year. Adjusted earnings are expected to come in at $0.74 per share.
Analysts covering the company have generally reconfirmed their estimates over the last 30 days, suggesting they anticipate the business to stay the course heading into earnings. United Airlines has missed Wall Street’s revenue estimates twice over the last two years.
Looking at United Airlines’s peers in the consumer discretionary segment, some have already reported their Q1 results, giving us a hint as to what we can expect. Carnival delivered year-on-year revenue growth of 7.5%, beating analysts’ expectations by 0.9%, and Delta Air Lines reported revenues up 2.1%, topping estimates by 1.1%. Carnival traded up 1.1% following the results while Delta Air Lines was also up 9.6%.
Read our full analysis of Carnival’s results here and Delta Air Lines’s results here.

When a company has more cash than it knows what to do with, buying back its own shares can make a lot of sense–as long as the price is right. Luckily, we’ve found one, a low-priced stock that is gushing free cash flow AND buying back shares. Click here to claim your Special Free Report on a fallen angel growth story that is already recovering from a setback.
Is McDonald's strong growth strategy enough to overcome near-term challenges? Let us take a closer look.
Chipotle's focus on customer experience, digital investment and supplier diversification should support a sustainable recovery over time.
United Airlines offered two sets of profit guidance Tuesday depending on whether the U.S. enters a recession or not. "The company's outlook is dependent on the macro environment which the company believes is impossible to predict this year with any degree of confidence," United said in an investor update.
(Reuters) -Caterpillar said on Tuesday that Chief Operating Officer Joe Creed would succeed Jim Umpleby as CEO, tapping an insider to help the construction equipment maker navigate the fallout of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs.  Umpleby, a veteran who has been with the company for more than four decades, held the top job for the last eight years and guided the firm through a demand and supply chain downturn brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.  Umpleby, who will transition to executive chairman, will hand over the reins on May 1 to 49-year-old Joseph Creed, a 28-year veteran with extensive leadership experience at Caterpillar.
Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Caterpillar (CAT). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.
UPS has selected Delta Airlines to maintain engines for its fleet of Boeing 757 freighters. The post UPS hires Delta Air Lines to maintain Boeing 757 engines appeared first on FreightWaves.
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.