Title: FUTURO Brand just got an upgrade with movement in mind
Date: 2025-04-16 16:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/futuro-brand-just-got-upgrade-161200691.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Relieve muscle and joint stiffness, soreness and swelling with our new compression sleeves that deliver comfortable wear all day long.
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 16, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- FUTURO™ Brand introduces a collection of redesigned premium compression sleeves for muscle and joint support. The new sleek look, smooth low-profile construction and ultra-soft fabric with four-way stretch delivers an unrestricted, comfortable fit, flexibility and range of motion. Prioritizing all day comfort and wear, a no-cutout construction helps reduce chafing and rubbing and an innovative comfort band with silicone beading helps prevent slipping and rolling. The reengineered compression sleeves, supported by an expert panel of engineers and medical professionals, deliver compression for sore muscles and joints, swelling, sprains and strains.
Improved to help you do the things you want and keep you moving, FUTURO™ Brand introduces:
FUTURO™ Premium Compression Ankle Sleeve: recommended for mild tendonitis, swelling, soreness, sprains and strains. Featuring a low-profile design that fits comfortably in shoes.
FUTURO™ Premium Compression Elbow Sleeve: recommended for mild tendonitis, golfer's elbow, tennis elbow, swelling, sprains and strains. With medial and lateral gel pads to apply targeted pressure where needed.
FUTURO™ Premium Compression Knee Sleeve with Stabilizers: recommended for mild arthritis, swelling, soreness, sprains and strains. Designed wider at the thigh for improved fit and with removable metal stabilizers which adapt the support based on individual needs.
"Technology continues to transform the way athletes, workers and patients recover and perform," said Jonathan Pieronek, global portfolio director, 3M Consumer Health and Safety. "Compression sleeves are designed to help optimize movement and enhance overall performance. Having the right one for your need matters. Our new premium compression sleeves give individuals the flexibility to choose what is right for them. They provide added support for everyday routines to keep moving."
The new contoured designs fit neatly under clothes and retain shape for the duration of wear. Each sleeve is made to wear on either the left or right side. For the best possible fit and performance, FUTURO™ Compression Knee Sleeves are available in sizes small, medium, large and extra-large and the Elbow and Ankle Sleeves are available in small/medium and large/extra-large. The full FUTURO™ Premium Compression Sleeve line is available for purchase on Target.com.
To learn which sleeve is right for your needs, visit futuro-usa.com/compression.
About FUTUROFUTURO™ Brand braces and supports put science to work for you to provide the comfort, fit and compression you need to get the most out of each motion. FUTURO™ Brand products have been supporting consumers as they brace for adventure for over 70 years as our expert panel of engineers and medical professionals collaborate on product research, development and testing. Each product is thoughtfully engineered to provide support, comfort and fit while helping to relieve symptoms associated with sprains, strains, arthritis, muscle pain and injuries. This is all with one goal in mind: to help you live life to the fullest.
About 3M 3M (NYSE: MMM) believes science helps create a brighter world for everyone. By unlocking the power of people, ideas and science to reimagine what's possible, our global team uniquely addresses the opportunities and challenges of our customers, communities, and planet. Learn how we're working to improve lives and make what's next at 3m.com/news-center.
 
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/futuro-brand-just-got-an-upgrade-with-movement-in-mind-302430595.html
SOURCE 3M Company
Caterpillar (CAT) on Tuesday named Joseph Creed as the company's next chief executive, succeeding D.
Halliburton (HAL) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
HAL and Nabors' collaboration in Oman delivers first automated drilling solutions, improving operational efficiency, penetration rates and reducing non-productive time.
Bank of America, Chevron, Stryker, Value Line and Sypris are included in this Analyst Blog.
Oceaneering International (OII) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bank of America Corporation (BAC), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and Stryker Corporation (SYK), as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. (VALU) and Sypris Solutions, Inc. (SYPR).
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.