Title: UPS hires Delta Air Lines to maintain Boeing 757 engines
Date: 2025-04-15 14:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ups-hires-delta-air-lines-140355667.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Delta Air Lines’ technical operations division will provide engine maintenance support to UPS Airlines for its fleet of Boeing 757-200 converted freighters.
Delta TechOps announced on LinkedIn last week that it has signed a 10-year contract with UPS (NYSE: UPS) to service Pratt & Whitney PW2037 engines on UPS’ entire 757 fleet. Delta CEO Ed Bastian also disclosed the agreement during Delta’s first quarter-earnings briefing.
“This is an exciting one for our MRO team and supports long-term revenue diversification and growth,” Bastian said. Both companies are headquartered in Atlanta.
UPS operates 75 Boeing 757 freighters, according to a fact sheet on its website.
Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) is one of the largest maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) providers in North America. Other major airlines with their own maintenance units include American and Lufthansa. The companies inspect and maintain their own aircraft, and make extra money from outside customers.
Last week, Pratt & Whitney announced an agreement to expand annual overhaul capacity by 30% for geared turbofan engines at Delta TechOps’ Atlanta facility over the next decade. The GTF engine is a newer type mostly used to power the Airbus A220 and A320 neo family of aircraft. The extra infrastructure will enable Delta to overhaul up to 450 of the engines per year.
Delta makes money from noncore businesses like TechOps and its jet fuel refinery near Philadelphia.
Click here for more FreightWaves/American Shipper stories by Eric Kulisch.
How did Delta Air Lines awaken 570 dormant aircraft?
Delta makes mobile hospital pods to transport troops with COVID-19
The postUPS hires Delta Air Lines to maintain Boeing 757 enginesappeared first onFreightWaves.
CVX, COP and EOG offer stability and upside, as OPEC's outlook signals slower growth but confirms oil's lasting role in the global economy.
Income investors can look at the proverbial glass of water as half-full amid intense stock market volatility.  Energy Transfer LP (NYSE: ET) is on the bubble to qualify for this list.  This midstream energy leader's business should hold up quite well even if President Trump's steep tariffs remain in place.
Japanese manufacturers expressed improved business sentiment in April versus March though are bearish about their outlook over the next three months as they brace for the impact of sweeping U.S. import tariffs, a Reuters Tankan poll found.  The poll, which tracks the Bank of Japan quarterly business survey, yielded a manufacturers' business sentiment index of plus 9 in April, recovering from minus 1 in March.  The poll was conducted over April 2-11, just as U.S. President Donald Trump introduced a 25% tariff on car and truck imports and a further 24% tariff on Japanese goods - though the latter has been cut to 10% for 90 days.
TOKYO (Reuters) -Bank of Japan Governor Kazuo Ueda said the central bank may need to take policy action if U.S. tariffs hurt the Japanese economy, the Sankei newspaper reported on Wednesday, signalling the potential to pause the bank's rate-hike cycle.  Since February, risks surrounding U.S. President Donald Trump's policies have "moved closer towards the bad scenario" the BOJ had envisioned, Ueda said in an interview, adding that recent developments have already affected corporate and household confidence.  Ueda said the BOJ will continue to raise interest rates "at an appropriate pace" if economic and price developments move in line with its projections.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.