Title: How Should You Play DAL Stock Post Q1 Earnings and Revenue Beat?
Date: 2025-04-11 16:11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/play-dal-stock-post-q1-161100105.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
On April 9,Delta Air LinesDAL reported better-than-expected revenues and earnings per share for the first quarter of 2025 despite the tariff-induced uncertainty. Given the current uncertain scenario, DAL decided against reaffirming its 2025 financial guidance. DAL stock has gained 9.6% since the earnings release. Apart from the better-than-expected results, the upside was aided by the 90-day pause on most reciprocal tariffs.
Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on ZacksEarnings Calendar.
Delta reported first-quarter 2025 earnings (excluding 9 cents from non-recurring items) of 46 cents per share, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 40 cents. Earnings increased 2.2% on a year-over-year basis due to low fuel costs. With oil prices moving south, the average fuel price per gallon (adjusted) fell 11% to $2.45 in the quarter.
Delta's quarterly earnings were within the range provided last month when the airline trimmed its earnings per share and revenue outlook. Management cited economic uncertainties and the resultant reduction in consumer and corporate confidence, which hurt domestic air travel demand, as reasons for trimming the outlook.
Revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.04 billion, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $13.81 billion and increasing 2.1% on a year-over-year basis.  The tariff-induced turbulence resulted in domestic revenues being weak, primarily due to softness in the main cabin whose revenues declined 1.2%. Domestic passenger revenues inched up merely 1% year over year. The marginal increase was attributable to the tariff-induced slowdown in domestic air travel demand.
International revenues were up 7% year over year, owing to the buoyant demand for long-haul travel. Transatlantic revenues grew 5%, driven by the strength of premium products and network optimization. Pacific revenues were also strong..Delta is the first S&P 500 member in the Zacks Transportation- Airline industry to report first-quarter 2025 results. Other airline S&P 500 members likeUnited AirlinesUAL andSouthwest AirlinesLUV are scheduled to report first-quarter 2025 results on April 15 and April 24, respectively.
The earnings beat in the first quarter was DAL’s second in the last four quarters. The airline reported lower-than-expected earnings per share in the other two quarters, the average beat being 4%.
Delta Air Lines, Inc. price-eps-surprise | Delta Air Lines, Inc. Quote
Given the lack of visibility, DAL withdrew its full-year 2025 outlook. Management stated that it would provide an update later in the year as visibility improves.
To combat the weak demand scenario, DAL is reducing costs by trimming capacity. DAL now expects planned capacity to be flat in the second half of 2025 compared with 3-4% year-over-year growth expected previously, with domestic main cabin seats on the decline. It won't come as a surprise if other airlines, like United Airlines and American Airlines, follow the same path of cutting capacity to protect margins in this turbulent scenario.
Given this chaotic situation, it was not much of a surprise that DAL expects adjusted revenues for the June quarter to be down 2% to up 2% from the prior year. For the second quarter, the airline expects an operating margin in the 11-14% band and earnings per share in the $1.7-$2.3 range.
Earnings estimates for 2025 and 2026 have been revised 14.7% and 11.2% downward to $5.85 and $7.12, respectively, in the past seven days, showing that analysts are pessimistic about DAL’s earnings growth potential in this uncertain scenario.
Due to the slowdown in domestic air travel demand, airline stocks have performed dismally lately. DAL and other key players in the industry, such as United Airlines and American Airlines, declined significantly in the year-to-date period, underperforming the industry. Shares of Delta Air Lines, United Airlines and American Airlines have plunged 38%, 35.4% and 45.5%, respectively.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The southward movement of oil price bodes well for the bottom-line growth of Delta. This is because fuel expenses are a significant input cost for the aviation space. Crude oil is struggling in 2025, with prices sliding to multi-month lows. Tariff concerns, weakening consumer confidence, and production increase by OPEC+ have all resulted in this downward pressure. Consequently, expenses on aircraft fuel and related taxes declined 7% year over year in the first quarter of 2025, aiding DAL’s bottom line.
Highlighting its shareholder-friendly stance, DAL’s management resumed paying quarterly dividends in 2023 of 10 cents per share after a COVID-induced hiatus. In June 2024, management announced a 50% hike in its quarterly dividend payout. This was the first dividend increase by DAL since the resumption of its quarterly dividend payments last year. DAL’s dividend yield is currently pegged at 1.36%. In this scenario of uncertainty, DAL’s dividend-paying capacity is a positive for income-seeking investors. This highlights confidence in its cash flow and prospects.
From a valuation perspective, DAL is trading at a discount compared with the industrial levels, going by the forward 12-month price-to-sales ratio. The company has a Value Score of A.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
There is no doubt that DAL stock is attractively valued. The company’s shareholder-friendly initiatives and low fuel costs add to its appeal. However, headwinds like the tariff-induced uncertainty due to which Delta has withdrawn its full-year 2025 outlook, in addition to high labor costs (expenses on salaries and related costs were up 11% in 2024), cannot be ignored. Declining earnings estimates also do not help matters.
Given the current turbulence, we can safely say that despite the earnings and revenue beat by DAL in the March quarter, it is not at all advisable to buy this Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock. Investors should monitor the company’s developments closely for an appropriate entry point. For those who already own the stock, it will be prudent to stay invested.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Southwest Airlines Co. (LUV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
JetBlue adds two non-stop routes from Fort Lauderdale. Volaris reports a decline in March load factor.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.