Title: Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season: Morning Brief
Date: 2025-04-11 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tariff-uncertainty-muddies--and-refocuses--earnings-season-morning-brief-100025876.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
This is The Takeaway from today's Morning Brief, which you cansign upto receive in your inbox every morning along with:
The chart of the day
What we're watching
What we're reading
Economic data releases and earnings
You can thank the bankersfor getting in the president’s ear, helping to convince him that a tariff pause was the right move.
Thebond sell-offdid the heavy lifting, compelling the White House to pivot where days of stock market hemorrhaging failed to dissuade. But with the big banks unofficially kicking off earnings season Friday, the private lobbying andpublic proddingwere also a sign of desperation and a testament thattariff policy and the trade war are all that matters.
That won't change. As last quarter's earnings and prior outlooks fade into background noise tothe immediate drama of tariff turmoil, what investors are looking for now is what the import taxes, months of uncertainty, andfutureuncertainty mean for businesses in the months ahead.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo'sTermsandPrivacy Policy
How badly will Trump’s tariffs eat into corporate profits? How can supply chain acrobatics offset the severe levies on China? And what special exemptions can key industries and big-name brands win from the White House? And how to read between the corporate lines, given that companies may be lobbying and hoping for those exemptions?
Corporate earnings have always had a forward-looking orientation. What matters more are the quarters ahead, not the last one. (Just ask Tesla!) But the outlooks attached to first quarter earnings will take on an outsized importance this go-around.
LikeThursday’s inflation data, the coming quarterly reports largely won’t account for Trump’s economic policies. And in the flurry of events over the past month, what happened last week on Wall Street might as well be a year ago. And earlier in the quarter is even further in the rear-view. The acceleration of news cycles and the volatility of trading swings have a way of making even recent episodes feel irrelevant and outdated.
Analysts have slashed theirearnings estimates for the first quarter by more than 4%. And it’s still unclear how deeply they will cut forecasts for the year as the tariff policies take shape and make their mark. Some analysts see 2025 asa “lost year” for corporate profits.
Getting outlooks from companies at all might be an improbability. Investors may face an information vacuum as executive teams choose not to share more than they have to.
“There is a reasonable probability that absent some resolution/clarity, transparency could be compromised," said Savita Subramanian, a strategist with Bank of America Global Research, in a note to clients on Thursday. "Companies tend to shut down guidance amid uncertainty.”
That alreadyhappened with Deltathis week.
The White House's spur-of-the-moment gamesmanship style and policy unknowability have a trickle-down effect. Companies won’t offer guidance because they don’t know what their cost structure will look like, how the business environment will change, and how consumers will respond. And investors won’t know what companies are expecting because they won’t venture to say.
An investment landscape that’s already icy because of tariff paralysis is also one that will keep investors partially in the dark.
Hamza Shaban is a reporter for Yahoo Finance covering markets and the economy. Follow Hamza on X@hshaban.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
The secretive nature of Booz Allen’s government work makes it nearly impossible for investors to gauge how federal cutbacks will affect the business.
Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming.
Big Tech stocks are too important to be sacrificed in a trade war but a negotiated peace isn't yet on the table.
The amendment will support up to A$100m ($62.8m) in total expenditure for a second JV in the Northern Junee-Narromine Belt.
News of the day for April 16, 2025
The auto supply chain is vast and spans numerous countries across the world, so any tariffs would have a knock-on impact on production and pricing.
Shares of major U.S. banks are surging Tuesday, after Bank of America and Citigroup became the latest lenders to report better-than-expected quarterly earnings on the back of a stock trading boom.
Allegro had said in March that a sweetened $35.10 per share offer from Onsemi was "inadequate", just a few months after the smaller chip firm turned down a $34.50 a share proposal.  "We have decided to withdraw our acquisition proposal given the reluctance of Allegro’s Board of Directors to fully engage and explore our proposal," Onsemi CEO Hassane El-Khoury said.
The U.S. dollar is on track to have its worst month in years, a development that has alarmed some experts worried about crumbling faith in U.S. financial stability.
The BlackRock Investment Institute said on Monday that it is taking a modestly more bullish stance on U.S. stocks following the announcement of a 90-day pause in implementing most U.S. tariffs.  The near-term risk of a "financial accident" has eased following the Trump administration's decision to pause of hefty  tariffs on most countries, according to a report from the research arm of asset management giant BlackRock.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.