Title: Why Airbus Stock Is Falling Again
Date: 2025-04-11 16:41
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/11/why-airbus-stock-is-falling-again/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=65c6d66a-ffdb-4d81-9136-527262f08e45&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
A comment from Delta shook Airbus stock this week.
For the second day running, shares of Europe'sAirbus(EADSY-0.94%)are declining. As of 11:40 a.m. ET Friday, theaerospace giant's stock is down 2.9%, bringing losses for the past two days past 6%. But why?
Yesterday,Delta Air Lines(NYSE: DAL)told investors on its morning quarterly conference call that the airline intends to "minimize" any tariffs it might have to pay under President Donald Trump's on-again, off-again "reciprocal tariffs" initiative. Said Delta CEO Ed Bastian: "The one thing that you need to know we're very clear on is that we will not be paying tariffs on any aircraft deliveries we take. ... we've been clear with Airbus on that, and we'll work through and see what happens from that."
Now, you might think that's not really Delta's decision to make.The way tariffs workat a basic level is, the U.S. government sets a tariff rate on goods (like airplanes) imported from abroad. And then whoever imports those goods (like Delta) pays the tariff. Except Delta seems to be saying this isnotgoing to happen, and the question then becomes, if Delta isn't paying the tariffs, then whois?
And the implication is that Airbus will have to pay the tariffs.
Either that, or Delta won't be buying the planes from Airbus. It might shopBoeing(NYSE: BA)instead.
And now you can understand why Airbus investors are feeling a bit nervous for another day that their company may start losing airplane sales.
Don't get me wrong. That may happen. That may be a risk. Airbus builds planes primarily in Europe, after all, and Europe-built planes would be subject to tariffs, so those sales seem at-risk. However, Airbus does assemble some of its most popular A320 and A220 airplanes right here in the U.S. as well, andthoseplanes should dodge tariffs easily. That may even be what Delta was referring to, that in order to avoid paying tariffs, it will still buy A320s from Airbus, and buy only its bigger aircraft from Boeing.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is818%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
It's still not great news for Airbus, true. But it's not a total loss, and Airbus investors don't need to panic just yet.
Before you buy stock inAirbus SE, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andAirbus SEwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Delta Air Lines. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/16/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.