Title: Apple has tariff problems its Big Tech peers do not
Date: 2025-05-02 19:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-has-tariff-problems-its-big-tech-peers-do-not-195051554.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) reported better-than-anticipated earnings after the bell on Thursday on stronger-than-expected iPhone sales. But a murky outlook sent shares of the tech giant down 4% on Friday as the company continues to grapple with the impact of President Trump’s tariffs.
Trump’s 145% duties on Chinese imports forced Apple to transition manufacturing of iPhones destined for the US to India, despite the fact that the president instituted exemptions on smartphones and computers.
During Apple’s earnings call, CEO Tim Cook warned that the company would take a $900 million hit from tariffs in the third quarter. But when pressed by analysts about guidance beyond that, he declined to offer additional insights, saying he didn’t want to try to “predict the future.”
It’s not as though Apple’s Silicon Valley peers are entirely unfazed by tariffs.
Google (GOOG, GOOGL) said it was too early to tell if tariffs are impacting its business in the current quarter, and Amazon (AMZN) projected lower-than-anticipated operating income for its second quarter.
But Apple is uniquely vulnerable to tariffs among its contemporaries. This is because, unlike Meta (META), Microsoft (MSFT), or any other tech giant, it generates the overwhelming majority of its revenue from products built overseas.
And while the company’s products are largely exempt from tariffs for now, the Trump administration has hinted that it could reinstate duties on computers and other devices when it makes its decision on semiconductor tariffs in the coming weeks.
Apple generated $95.4 billion in sales in its latest quarter, and all of it, besides the $26.6 billion the company made in Services revenue, is attributable to devices ranging from iPhones and iPads to Macs and Apple Watches. That’s all well and good when tariffs aren’t roiling markets, but it’s a major problem when they are.
Apple is working to diversify its supply chain, saying it will build the bulk of iPhones headed to the US in India and the majority of other products intended for the US market in areas including Vietnam.
But the US has placed tariffs on those countries, as well, though they’re temporarily on hold as the Trump administration negotiates potential trade deals.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
And while the company’s $900 million hit from tariffs in Q3 isn’t an enormous blow to the company’s finances, some analysts say it’s likely to get worse.
“We believe the Jun Q guide is the best-case scenario, assuming 1) China tariff stays at 20% (likely no need to ship more anyway for this Q), and 2) no tariffs on imports from India and Vietnam,” Jefferies analyst Edison Lee wrote in a note to investors. “These assumptions are unlikely to hold longer term.”
UBS analyst David Vogt similarly raised concerns about a potential drop in iPhone sales in the June quarter.
“The company guided June [revenue] growth of ‘low single to mid-single digits,’ roughly 100bps below our expectations,” Vogt wrote in an investor note following Apple’s earnings. “Additionally, segment color was not provided, raising some concern that iPhone revenue could decline [year over year] in June.”
Even if Washington gets trade deals done with India and Vietnam and Apple doesn’t have to worry about country-specific tariffs, it still has to contend with the Trump administration’s Section 232 investigation into whether it should place duties on semiconductors. And that could be a major pain for the company.
“Our analysis indicates for every 1ppt increase in tariff above the current assumptions (across all countries) translates into [a] 1.5ppt impact on AAPL's FY25 pre-tax profits (assuming no [average selling price] hikes),” Jefferies’ Lee wrote.
For now, Apple’s outlook is as cloudy as it gets. And things won’t clear up until the Trump administration provides information on trade deals or its Section 232 investigation. Until then all Apple can do is wait.
Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Amazon reported its first quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -President Donald Trump said on Friday the U.S. was in a "transition period" and was going to do "fantastically" while downplaying the impact any short-term recession may have.  What we are — I said, this is a transition period.  Trump's comment on the U.S. economy being in a transition period echoed comments he made earlier on Friday in a social media post, in which he also cited strong employment and reiterated his call for the U.S. Federal Reserve to lower interest rates.
Archer Aviation Inc. (ACHR) reachead $8.48 at the closing of the latest trading day, reflecting a +1.8% change compared to its last close.
(Reuters) -Block's shares fell 22% on Friday and were on track for the biggest intraday decline in five years after a 2025 profit forecast cut raised concerns about the payment firm's key businesses.  At least eight brokerages reduced their price targets on the stock, citing weakness in the company's peer-to-peer Cash App and mounting competition.  Block's forecast cut, which it attributed to macroeconomic uncertainty, raised eyebrows, as financial industry peers have so far reported steady spending trends.
Google now has to defend itself against a breakup of its online ad business while fighting a separate attempt by the federal government to force an unraveling of its online search empire.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang got his first major salary bump since 2015 — but it’s still less than half of the salaries of executives at Microsoft and Apple.
Facebook parent  Meta Platforms  and  Microsoft  on Wednesday posted better-than-expected results that reassured investors and boosted markets.  Meta said growth would remain steady, assuaging concerns that tariffs would hurt the social-media company’s digital-ads business.  Microsoft indicated that big corporate clients aren’t slashing their technology budgets just yet.
The heads of two Congressional panels have urged the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist Chinese groups, including Alibaba, that they...
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump asked Congress for deep cuts to domestic agencies and a boost to the military in a preliminary outline of his 2026 budget request.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Qu
Airbnb's CFO said on the company's post-earnings conference call that international travelers are increasingly skipping trips to the US.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio