Title: Google launches new Ironwood chip to speed AI applications
Date: 2025-04-09 12:12
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/google-launches-ironwood-chip-speed-121209543.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results By Max A. Cherney SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Alphabet's on Wednesday unveiled its seventh-generation artificial intelligence chip named Ironwood, which the company said is designed to speed the performance of AI applications. The Ironwood processor is geared toward the type of data crunching needed when users query software such as OpenAI's ChatGPT. Known in the tech industry as "inference" computing, the chips perform rapid calculations to render answers in a chatbot or generate other types of responses. The search giant's multi-billion dollar, roughly decade-long effort represents one of the few viable alternative chips to Nvidia's powerful AI processors. Google's tensor processing units (TPUs) can only be used by the company's own engineers or through its cloud service and have given its internal AI effort an edge over some rivals. For at least one generation Google split its TPU family of chips into a version that's tuned for building large AI models from scratch. Its engineers have made a second line of chips that strips out some of the model building features in favor of a chip that shaves costs of running AI applications. The Ironwood chip is a model designed for running AI applications, or inference, and is designed to work in groups of as many as 9,216 chips, said Amin Vahdat, a Google vice president. The new chip, unveiled at a cloud conference, brings functions from earlier split designs together and increases the available memory, which makes it better suited for serving AI applications. "It's just that the relative importance of inference is going up significantly," Vahdat said. The Ironwood chips boast double the performance for the amount of energy needed compared with Google's Trillium chip it announced last year, Vahdat said. The company builds and deploys its Gemini AI models with its own chips. The company did not disclose which chip manufacturer is producing the Google design. Alphabet shares surged during the regular session to close up 9.7% after President Donald Trump announced a sudden reversal on tariffs. (Reporting by Max A. Cherney in San Francisco; Editing by Sonali Paul) TORONTO — Some Rogers customers are set to face a new monthly charge for using the company's older networks as it prepares to retire the technology. WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump partially reversed course Wednesday on his global trade war following days of market turmoil — but he's not offering any changes to the tariffs hitting Canada. WASHINGTON (AP) — House Speaker Mike Johnson found himself in a familiar jam on Tuesday: Conservative Republican holdouts are stalling action on President Donald Trump's "big” bill of tax breaks and spending reductions, refusing to accept a Senate GOP budget framework approved over the weekend because it doesn't cut enough. Carney's similarity to Justin Trudeau is now clear; a left-leaning, climate-obsessed interventionist leading the old Trudeau team MANSFIELD, S.D. (AP) — Jared Bossly was planting soybeans one spring night in 2023 on his 2,000-acre farm in South Dakota when he spotted a sheriff’s vehicle parked at the corner of his property. He had a hunch it wasn’t a social visit. LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, a potential 2028 White House candidate, stood awkwardly in the Oval Office as President Donald Trump signed executive orders and assailed his political opponents on Wednesday, not long after she delivered a speech nearby that offered soft criticism of him but emphasized shared priorities. The commodity-linked Canadian dollar strengthened by the most in nearly three months against its U.S. counterpart on Wednesday as a sudden reversal by the U.S. on tariffs bolstered the outlook for the global economy.  The loonie was trading 1.2% higher at 1.4095 per U.S. dollar, or 70.95 U.S. cents, its biggest advance since January 20.  U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower new tariffs on many countries, even as he raised them further on imports from China. This TSX stock plunged, but don't count it out, especially at these prices. The post 1 Undervalued TSX Stock Down 51% to Buy and Hold appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada. Conservative leader Pierre Poilievre's proposal would bring the total TFSA annual contribution limit to $12,000 China is on a crash course with the United States over a major Chinese currency swap deal with Argentina that has buffered the South American country's depleted foreign reserve levels even as it seeks a new deal with the Washington-based IMF.  In a talk at Miami Dade College late last week U.S. Special Envoy for Latin America Mauricio Claver-Carone slammed the long-standing $18 billion swap line as amounting to "extortion"  by China and said Washington wanted to see it ended.  On Tuesday Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lin Jian, in a regular press conference, shot back at the United States, alleging that Washington was trying to "drive a wedge" between China and partners in Latin America. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
