Why Nvidia stock is popping after big quarters for Microsoft and Meta
2025-05-01 12-28
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-nvidia-stock-is-popping-after-big-quarters-for-microsoft-and-meta-122826896.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NVDA) bulls could breathe a sigh of relief on artificial intelligence demand in the wake of big quarters from Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta (META) late Wednesday.
Nvidia stock popped nearly 5% in premarket trading on Thursday as the two software giants signaled strong demand for AI tools and a desire to keep spending aggressively to build out AI infrastructure. Nvidia's powerful chips are at the heart of the AI movement.
"Contrary to investors' worries of slowing capex, it appears that spending for AI continues to be unabated," Citi analyst Chris Danely wrote in a note.
Meta raised its 2025 capital expenditure guidance by 9% to a range of $64 billion to $72 billion. Consensus estimates were for about $60 billion. Meta execs said the hike reflects the support of AI buildouts and higher costs for infrastructure hardware.
"We continue to increase our investments and focus more of our resources on AI," Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg said on the earnings call.
Meanwhile, Microsoft reiterated its full-year capital expenditure guidance. It expects capital expenditures to grow year over year.
"In general, we saw better-than-expected performance across our segments, but we saw acceleration in our largest customers. We call that the enterprise segment in general," Microsoft CFO Amy Hood told analysts on a call.
Alphabet (GOOGL) also reaffirmed its $75 billion capital expenditure plans when it reported first quarter earnings last week.
Amazon could offer up a similar tone when it announces results today after the close. Citi expects Amazon's capital expenditures to grow by 35% in 2025 and by 15% in 2026.
Nvidia investors have waded through an un-Nvidia-like year so far.
Shares are down by 19%, hit by the one-two punch of the Trump administration's crackdown on AI chip exports to China and fears of capacity overbuilds in the US. The read-through to Nvidia has been that while it will still likely have a big year financially, growth rates may not be at the stellar pace delivered in 2024.
But the first quarter results from Microsoft, Alphabet, and Meta poke a hole in that bearish narrative.
"Christmas came early for Nvidia. Big tech not slowing down AI spend," Wedbush tech analyst Dan Ives told Yahoo Finance.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram and on LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Hedge fund billionaires Israel Englander and Paul Tudor Jones sold Nvidia stock and bought positions in the SPDR Gold Shares ETF in the fourth quarter.  The SPDR Gold Shares ETF has outperformed the S&P 500 year to date as tariffs imposed by President Donald Trump have pushed investors away from risk assets.
Microsoft and Meta Platforms reported strong earnings last night and either reiterated or grew their capital spending plans.  As spending on AI grows, so will electricity demand.  Shares of nuclear power providers Constellation Energy (NASDAQ: CEG), Vistra Energy (NYSE: VST), and Oklo (NYSE: OKLO) were in rally mode on Thursday, up 8%, 5.8%, and 8.5%, respectively, as of 1:45 p.m. ET.
Big Tech is coming to Wall Street’s rescue, for now. But the Magnificent Seven aren’t cheap. Look for better bargains elsewhere.
Canadian National saw 8% earnings growth and had an improved operating ratio in the first quarter. The post CN’s first-quarter earnings grow despite impact of severe weather appeared first on FreightWaves.
Eli Lilly reported first quarter earnings on Thursday.
Microsoft reported its Q3 earnings after the bell Wednesday.
In response, the 27-nation EU suspended its own plans to impose retaliatory tariffs on some U.S. goods and proposed zero duties for all industrial goods on both sides.  The European Commission negotiates trade measures on behalf of the EU’s member states.  EU was also willing to collaborate with the U.S. to help address the impact of China’s export surge as a sweetener for a trade deal, the trade chief added.
This AI chip stock has pulled back in 2025 despite its impressive growth.  Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) investors are having a forgettable year so far as shares of the chipmaker have pulled back by more than 20% in 2025 as of this writing.  It is worth noting that AMD's financial performance has been picking up momentum in recent quarters, thanks to its data center and client processor businesses.
The reports appeared to boost demand for shares in AI chip leader Nvidia Corp, which rose 2.8% in late trading, and chip rival Advanced Micro Devices, which rose 2%.  Shares in Amazon.com, which competes with Microsoft in cloud-computing and is due to report results on May 1, were up 3% with strong after-the-bell volume.  Shares in Microsoft soared more than 6% in late trading after it topped quarterly revenue expectations on strong Azure cloud-computing growth, reassuring investors its hefty AI investments were paying off.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.