Title: Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Turning AI Talk into Grid Action
Date: 2025-04-15 17:16:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-googl-turning-ai-171623161.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to artificial intelligence. Despite the continued buzz around the technology, no one seems interested in buying the falling stocks. Fluctuating tariff policies from the Trump administration have concerned Wall Street and disrupted global supply chains. The cost of AI infrastructure has increased drastically, especially for companies relying on imported components. READ ALSO:14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attentionand9 Trending AI Stocks Making Headlines Today. The narrative around AI stocks has also begun to change because investors are critiquing that prices have become too expensive, and because there is intensifying competition from Chinese companies developing their own AI offerings. In the latest news, seven Republican U.S. senators have also sent a letter to U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick. The letter urges him to get rid of a Biden administration rule that restricts global access to AI chips before it kicks in next month. The letter claims that the AI diffusion rule will deter U.S. leadership in artificial intelligence, which is why it demands an “immediate action” to halt it. The rule is set to take effect on May 15. “Every day this rule remains in place, American companies face mounting uncertainty, stalled investments, and the risk of losing critical global partnerships that cannot be easily regained. We urge you to withdraw this rule and propose an alternative that is effective in preventing Communist China from capturing the world market in leading technology without compromising American advantages.” It also noted how the rule puts countries into three tiers, with only 18 nations in the Tier 1 group with the easiest access to American technology. Those in tier 2 have to face “arbitrary purchase limits and a cumbersome licensing process.” Meanwhile, it asserted that Tier 3 countries are already “rightly restricted.” For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here). A user's hands typing a search query into a Google Search box, emphasizing the company's search capabilities. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 234 Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is an American multinational technology conglomerate holding company wholly owning the internet giant Google, amongst other businesses. On April 11,Reutersreported that Google is partnering with PJM Interconnection, the largest electrical grid operator in North America. This partnership aims to roll out artificial intelligence technologies that will help gain new power supplies connected faster. With the demand for electricity rising due to more data center build outs, the collaboration marks the first instance that AI will be used to AI would be used to broadly manage an interconnection queue. “The industry has been talking about building smarter grids for well over a decade, and now with AI, we have a real opportunity to turn discussion into action.” Overall, GOOGranks 3rdon our list of AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOG as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOG but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) stock reached an all-time high price of $207.05 on Feb. 4, riding a wave of strong growth and earnings momentum from 2024.  At the time of writing on April 11, shares of Alphabet are down 24% from that record high.  Innovations in areas like machine learning, automation, and generative AI are rapidly transforming the global economy. Despite recent stock market volatility, JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) shares are down just 1% year to date, outperforming the 9% decline in the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) at the time of writing.  The banking giant continues to benefit from its fortress-like balance sheet and global diversification, making it well-positioned to navigate any economic environment.  JPMorgan topped Wall Street estimates, with revenue climbing 8% year over year, while earnings per share (EPS) of $5.07 was up 14% from the prior-year quarter. As TikTok continues to build out its search experience, the social network is now surfacing reviews for select places right within the comments tab of a video. The new feature, which appears to be a test, eliminates the need to conduct a new search or open Google when you come across a place on TikTok and want to learn more about it. TikTok users who have access to this new feature will see a new "Reviews" tab on the right after they click to view the video's comments. For instance, if you come Google is bringing its Veo 2 video-generating AI model to users who pay for Gemini Advanced, the company's premium AI plan. The expansion comes as Google looks to deliver an answer to OpenAI's Sora video generation platform, and as competition in the space grows fiercer. Two weeks ago, one of the more formidable synthetic media companies, Runway, released the fourth generation of its video generator and raised more than $300 million in new capital. Starting Tuesday, Gemini Advanced subscribers w Aristotle Capital Management, LLC, an investment management company, released its “Value Equity Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The U.S. equity market started the year with a modest decline, with the S&P 500 Index declining 4.27% during the quarter. Conversely, the Bloomberg U.S. Aggregate Bond Index rose 2.78% […] The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.