Title: Alphabet (GOOG) Fell in Q1 Despite Meeting Earnings Expectations
Date: 2025-04-16 13:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-goog-fell-q1-despite-135322398.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Oakmark Funds, advised by Harris Associates, released its “Oakmark Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The fund’s investor class returned 1.14% in the first quarter, compared to a -4.27% return for the S&P 500 Index. The fund has returned 12.76% since its inception compared to the index return of 10.44% over the same period. The largest contributors to the fund for the quarter were financials and consumer staples while consumer discretionary and communication services detracted. In addition, you can check the fund’s top 5 holdings to determine its best picks for 2025.
In its first quarter 2025 investor letter, Oakmark Fund emphasized stocks such as Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG). Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), the parent company of Google, offers various platforms and services operating through Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets segments. The one-month return of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) was -4.57%, and its shares lost 0.85% of their value over the last 52 weeks. On April 15, 2025, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock closed at $158.68 per share with a market capitalization of $1.918 trillion.
Oakmark Fund stated the following regarding Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:
"Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) was the top detractor during the quarter. The U.S.-headquartered company’s stock price declined despite having posted fourth-quarter 2024 earnings that were in line with consensus expectations. Search revenue growth remained strong, and management reiterated that the new “AI Overviews” feature is driving higher engagement with comparable monetization. The one miss during the quarter was in the Cloud segment, where revenue grew 30% year-over-year but fell slightly short of consensus expectations. We believe the shortfall was largely due to short-term capacity constraints and that the long-term growth outlook for Google Cloud remains robust. We continue to see Alphabet as a collection of great businesses that can further benefit from the company’s world class AI capabilities. With shares trading at just 15x our estimate of next year’s earnings per share, we believe the stock is meaningfully undervalued."
A laptop and phone open to Google's services in an everyday setting.
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is in 7th position on our list of 30 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. As per our database, 174 hedge fund portfolios held Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) at the end of the fourth quarter which was 160 in the previous quarter. In 2024, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) achieved a revenue growth of 14% compared to 2023, reaching $350 billion. For the fourth quarter, the revenue was $96.5 billion, reflecting a 12% increase in both reported and constant currency. While we acknowledge the potential of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is as promising as NVIDIA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
We covered Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) in another article, where we shared Vulcan Value Partners' views on the company. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q1 2025 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.
READ NEXT: Michael Burry Is Selling These Stocks and A New Dawn Is Coming to US Stocks.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Despite the stock market’s current volatility, the longer-term outlook of technology is bright because large companies are going to invest in AI in order to reduce their costs and grow, Daniel Newman, the CEO of the Futurum Group told Schwab Network today. Newman is most bullish on tech names that have a great deal of […]
“I don’t own Nvidia (NVDA), but this is the first time I’m really starting to look at (Nvidia)” stock, prominent CNBC contributor Stephanie Link said on the channel today. Link suggested that NVDA would rebound significantly over the longer term, and she noted that she had been buying more shares of one of NVDA’s rivals, […]
Verve Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VERV) stock is seeing explosive gains Tuesday.  Yesterday, Verve published promising data from its Heart-2 Phase 1b clinical trial of its VERVE-102 treatment for heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH) and premature coronary artery disease.  In coverage published this morning, Cantor Fitzgerald raised its rating on Verve Therapeutics stock from neutral to overweight -- indicating that the firm thinks the stock is a good buy.
If you can keep that mindset, then I think that Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE: TSM) are top buys right now.  Both Nvidia and Taiwan Semiconductor are at the center of a major technological shift: artificial intelligence (AI).  TSMC and Nvidia make key components in the AI value stream and are making lots of money from the trend right now.
Many growth-focused companies don't pay dividends at all, which is why the yield on the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) has fallen to just 1.4%.  Stocks with reliable dividends and high yields can be excellent ways to collect passive income no matter what the broader market is doing.  Here's why these three fool.com contributors think Chevron (NYSE: CVX), Brookfield Renewable Partners (NYSE: BEP) (NYSE: BEPC), and MSC Industrial Direct (NYSE: MSM) are three high-yield dividend stocks to buy now.
Recent market volatility has raised anxiety for some investors, but these are the best opportunities to buy shares of the best growth stocks.  The stocks of growing companies will continue to hit new highs over many years.  You just have to maintain a cool attitude toward market swings and realize that the traders on Wall Street hitting the sell button on negative news are not investing for the long term.
Despite the strength and stability of Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG), its direction over the next five years is far from certain.  It owns numerous other businesses that could potentially drive revenue growth for the tech giant, though nobody can guarantee if or how much such enterprises will succeed.  Thus, the question for investors is whether that uncertainty prevents the stock from becoming a buy over the next five years.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
