Roblox Presents 'Compelling Growth Opportunity,' Wedbush Says
2025-05-01 16-24
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/roblox-presents-apos-compelling-growth-162451006.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Roblox (RBLX) presents a "compelling growth opportunity" in the video game industry with its expandi
Roblox (RBLX) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 21.95% and 5.35%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
When in doubt, buy the cheapest energy stock, with the best dividend, and the best growth rate you can find.
- Investors appear to be betting Trump will either backtrack on tariffs or soften their impact. -Hopes are high that the administration will scale back the 145% tariffs on Chinese goods.
U.S. equities jumped at midday, as tech stocks rallied following strong earnings reports from Microsoft and Meta Platforms.
Roblox handily beat Wall Street's targets for the first quarter and guided higher for the current period. Roblox stock jumped.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.