Title: AI, Waymo & Wiz_ Can These 3 Factors Push GOOGL Stock Up_
Date: 2025-04-15 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ai-waymo-wiz-3-factors-190000092.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Alphabet GOOGL is infusing artificial intelligence (AI) heavily across its offerings, including Search and Google Cloud, driving top-line growth. GOOGL dominates the digital advertising and search domains that generate significant advertising revenues, hitting $264.59 billion in 2024. Google Cloud revenues surged 30% year over year to $12 billion in 2024, driven by core cloud products, AI infrastructure, and Generative AI (GenAI) tools like Vertex AI and Gemini. GOOGL’s plan to buy Wiz for a whopping $32 billion will enhance Google Cloud’s security offerings, driving further growth.Meanwhile, Alphabet’s autonomous driving platform, Waymo, is now expanding to Japan in collaboration with GO, a leading Japanese taxi platform, and Nihon Kotsu, Tokyo's largest taxi company. The Waymo service is already available in Phoenix, San Francisco, and Los Angeles, with more than four million fully autonomous rides in 2024 alone. GOOGL is expanding Waymo services to Austin and Atlanta on the Uber app this year. In partnership with Moove, Waymo will be available to Miami in 2026. Waymo One app will be available to Washington D.C. riders in 2026.Will these factors drive Alphabet’s prospects this year? Alphabet shares have declined 16% year to date due to challenging macroeconomic conditions post U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to levy tariffs on trade partners, including China, Mexico and Canada. Sluggish cloud growth and higher investments on developing cloud infrastructure is a headwind for Alphabet stock.   Image Source: Zacks Investment Research   GOOGL is suffering from a lack of capacity, and until new capacity comes online in 2025, cloud revenues are expected to see increased variability. The company expects to invest roughly $75 billion in capital expenditures in 2025, which is aimed at building up technical infrastructure, primarily for servers, followed by data centers and networking. So, what should investors do with GOOGL stock? Let’s find out. At its Cloud Next 2025 conference in Las Vegas, GOOGL unveiled Ironwood, its seventh-generation Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), expected to be available later this year. Google Cloud unveiled its Cloud Wide Area Network (Cloud WAN), giving enterprises access to its private global fiber network. Alphabet showcased Willow, its new quantum chip while on the AI model front, Alphabet launched Gemini 2.5, its most advanced reasoning model, alongside Gemini 2.5 Flash, a low-latency, cost-efficient version tailored for developers.Alphabet’s initiatives to deploy AI and infuse AI in Search are expected to drive top-line growth. Circle to Search is driving additional Search and is gaining popularity among younger users. Vertex usage increased 20 times in 2024, with strong developer adoption of Gemini Flash, Gemini 2.0, Imagen 3 and Veo. GOOGL recently launched Gemma 3, a collection of lightweight, state-of-the-art open models that can run on a single GPU or TPU.Meanwhile, the Google-Wiz combination will offer security offerings that are supported on multi-cloud and are expected to tackle threats emerging from the advancement of AI, prevent breaches and help enterprises respond to breaches more efficiently. Wiz has a stellar clientele with its cloud security platform currently used by Amazon AMZN, Microsoft MSFT and Oracle ORCL. The Wiz buyout reflects the growing importance of Google Cloud in the company’s growth plans. The segment accounted for 12.4% of total revenues in 2024, growing 30.6% over 2023, better than the 26% growth it registered in 2023 over 2022. The addition of Wiz to Google Cloud will boost competitive prowess against the likes of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure in the cloud computing space.  Per Statista, which cited Synergy Research Group data, Amazon’s share in the worldwide cloud infrastructure market amounted to 30% in the fourth quarter of 2024, ahead of Microsoft’s Azure platform at 21% and Google Cloud at 12%. GOOGL has expanded its collaboration with Oracle, announcing an industry-first partner program and the upcoming availability of Oracle Base Database Service on Oracle Database running on Google Cloud. The service now supports Oracle Exadata X11M and offers Oracle Interconnect for U.S. Government Cloud customers. To meet rising customer demand, Oracle and Alphabet plan to expand its availability to 11 new regions over the next 12 months. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter 2025 earnings is pegged at $2.04 per share, up a couple of cents over the past 30 days, indicating 6.88% year-over-year growth. The consensus mark for 2025 earnings is pegged at $8.93 per share, up 3 cents over the past 30 days, suggesting 11.07% year-over-year growth. Alphabet Inc. price-consensus-chart | Alphabet Inc. Quote   Alphabet’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the trailing four quarters, the average surprise being 11.57%. (Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.) The Value Score of C suggests a stretched valuation for Alphabet at this moment.Alphabet stock is trading at a premium, with a forward 12-month Price/Sales of 5.73X compared with the industry’s 4.68X.   Image Source: Zacks Investment Research   GOOGL shares are trading below the 50-day and the 200-day moving averages, indicating a bearish trend. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Alphabet’s growing GenAI capabilities and significant investments in cloud computing present a potential catalyst for the future amid stiff competition in the cloud space and increasing regulatory headwinds. GOOGL’s dominant position in the search engine market and strong position in the cloud are long-term drivers.Alphabet currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), suggesting that it may be wise to wait for a more favorable entry point in the stock. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report Oracle Corporation (ORCL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Nvidia  said on Monday it plans to build AI supercomputers in the U.S.  “The engines of the world’s AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time,” Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in a press release.  “Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain and boosts our resiliency.” Google is bringing its Veo 2 video-generating AI model to users who pay for Gemini Advanced, the company's premium AI plan. The expansion comes as Google looks to deliver an answer to OpenAI's Sora video generation platform, and as competition in the space grows fiercer. Two weeks ago, one of the more formidable synthetic media companies, Runway, released the fourth generation of its video generator and raised more than $300 million in new capital. Starting Tuesday, Gemini Advanced subscribers w The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
