Title: Google Workspace momentum at Google Cloud Next ‘25
Date: 2025-04-14 07:11
URL: https://www.verdict.co.uk/google-workspace-new-features-revealed/?.tsrc=rss

Agentic AI is the engine behind Google Workspace Flows. A portion of the Google Cloud Next ’25 event was devoted to exploring upcoming features for Google Workspace, Google’s team collaboration platform permeated with artificial intelligence (AI).The features are fuelled by Gemini, Google’s most capable set of LLMs ever and incorporate both generative AI (GenAI) and agentic AI. Recently, team collaboration platforms have undergone a transition. The pandemic drove the ascent of these platforms, and competitors responded with successive rounds of feature wars. Up until very recently, those features were steeped in GenAI. It seems almost out of nowhere, competitors are touting agentic AI capabilities, and the latest battle has begun. Agentic AI is the new, big phase of AI. Agentic AI features agents that perform tasks independently on behalf of users, acting autonomously, making decisions, and acting. It can adjust its approach based upon new information or changing circumstances. It seems that every competitor is introducing agentic AI in some shape or form. A new GlobalData survey seeks to throw light on the attitudes of global investors towards Mauritius   Google is no exception. Agentic AI is the engine behind Google Workspace Flows, which was announced at the event. Workspace Flows is the crown jewel among the features unveiled given the value it provides and the incorporation of agentic AI for Google. The capability automates multi-step processes using AI that can research, analyse, and consider context; for example, approving a request after reviewing documents which reflect an organisation’s policies. Workspace Flows is currently available via an alpha program. Google announced other impressive features that do not include agentic AI. The following are examples. ‘Help me refine’ in Google Docs will be available in alpha later this quarter and goes beyond rewriting by offering suggestions for strengthening your argument, improving the structure of your piece, or making key points clearer. When it becomes available later this year ‘Help me analyse’ in Google Sheets will point out interesting trends in users’ data, suggest next steps for digging deeper, and create interactive charts. Gemini in Meet, arriving later in Q2 2025, helps attendees catch up on what they missed, get clarity around specific topics or discussions, or organise their thoughts and sharpen arguments before entering a discussion. The ability to invoke Gemini while in a chat discussion to provide a detailed summary, or to highlight open questions, key decisions, and next steps will be available in Google Labs (platform for testing and providing feedback on early-stage Google AI products) in the coming weeks. Most pronounced about the unveiled features are their overall quality and the positive continued momentum they represent for Google in the team collaboration space. Given Google’s position as a pioneer and leader in AI, there is no doubt that momentum will continue.   
                The gold standard of business intelligence.
             

                    Find out more
                    



 Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.  





 




                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        


 


                                                    I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance with  Privacy Policy

 View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network. 
		Decrypting the latest technology news 
				Powered by
				
 © Verdict Media Limited 2025 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.  As part of GlobalData's extensive network of websites, this site is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation,  personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services.  Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessiblehere.

We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.  We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website. 

By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’. 