Title: There are 'definitely buying opportunities' in the tech sell-off
Date: 2025-04-16 14:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/definitely-buying-opportunities-tech-sell-145640214.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Nvidia (NVDA), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), and ASML (ASML) are dragging the market lower as investors weigh the impact of the US-China trade war and a potential economic slowdown fueled by US President Trump's policies. Summit Global Investments chief investment officer David Harden sits down with Madison Mills and Brad Smith to discuss how to play the tech sector, comparing Microsoft (MSFT), Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA), and Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL). To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. It's time now for today's strategy session. US stocks opening in the red this morning with tech leading the losses here. Options data showing investors are positioning for further losses in mega cap tech and semis ahead of earnings. That's according to data from Bloomberg. Joining us now with more, David Harden, Summit Global Investments CIO. David, great to speak with you this morning. Certainly a lot of pain for the big tech names this morning. Thank you. Are you buying big tech at these levels? Well, I think there's some definitely buying opportunities that are coming available. For example, one of the things that I like is Google. Google has $25 billion in free cash flows last quarter. It's it's it's growing at double digits year-over-year. Its profit margins are great. Its return on equity is around 30%. And the PE is now finally getting down into those reasonable levels you can consider 16, 17, 15. So I think I think these are buying opportunities to start accumulating more positions in something like a Google. I think what you're highlighting is the, you know, this one thing is not like the other in the tech trade even as you're looking at what is more of a platform play where there's perhaps more of a reason to believe that the consumers would flow into free products that a Google might offer online versus what we're seeing in some of the products and propensity to spend in some of the other tech plays where there might be a consumer pullback in those discretionary dollars. How do you continue to look across these companies once we get into earnings and see how they're forecasting and guiding for the rest of the year on that? Yeah, I think that's really important because where did their earnings come from, right? And and how are they tied to tariffs? That's really important. And how does those tariffs impact like advertising for Google. So you want to look kind of through those earnings into the consumer and and see what that consumer's doing and how that consumer's acting. And I think that's another play in tech. There is a separation. What? Are they hardware? Like Apple's had to navigate a lot more tariff news than Google's had to navigate, even though they're both navigating it. And we're starting to see individual companies being used as tools in this trade war. Obviously with Nvidia's specific chips being impacted by export controls, to what extent does that change any fundamental view you have on these stocks or should investors look past any of that daily headline news on tariffs? I I I think absolutely, you have to consider that and you have to manage your your risk here. Risk is really, really important in these markets and managing that is essential. So where you have the H20 chip, for example, invidia, they have clearly shown last night on their earnings that they have a difficult time more difficult time than some of these other tech names. So look for tech names that are more US based. Look for tech names that have more um say high-quality earnings. Even though somebody could question Google's high quality earnings, their earnings scores are not very good, but it is more US based. It is more consumer based in the US. And so that's very, very important in tech. It seems like we've all been asking the question of what's the next big catalyst to drive conviction within the markets. Does that mean the AI trade or the fast-paced growth cycle for the AI trade is dead? No, I don't think so because let's face it. Probably 10 minutes ago you were looking at AI, or I was looking at AI, or somebody was looking at some agent and the and the new things that are coming out with AI agents and things of this nature are absolutely impactful. The power of AI is growing. It's not shrinking. We're using it more. And it will continue to spread. So I think that trade's not done. I think there'll continue to be infrastructure build outs and AI things, but it has to go past just the technology. You have to look into the in industrial side of tech and where are they putting and building these centers at. I want to get to one of your cells, but first really quickly, would you buy Nvidia at these levels? Uh probably not right now. No. I would be if you're if you're in it, it's time to hold and be patient. But if you're looking to buy, I think there's better opportunities to buy. And I know one of them is Microsoft, correct? I if you're looking at the two comparison, yes, Microsoft today, Nvidia's down more 6-7%, Microsoft's down in one, one and a half right now. I I think that's a safer play. It's a little bit more if if you will ingrained in our society. The revenues are are more um consistent. And so that's something that I would look at is more something like a Google or Microsoft. Both of those I would consider buying opportunities, especially at these levels. And I know a sell for you is one member of the mag 7. Talk to us about Tesla. Well, I think Tesla's had some negative earnings. We know that and um it's under pressure. I think every Tesla's uh I I saw a sticker on the back of a Tesla the other day that said something like, I bought this post crazy. So this is this is very, very important right now in our society. But having said that, I think Elon Musk is going to tell you when it's the right time to buy Tesla. And he hasn't done that yet. So he he's outspoken. We know what he's capable of. And until he's ready to let us know it's the right time to buy, I think it's you avoid that stock right now. Outside of tech, where's your favorite trade, your top idea right now? And I think I think outside of tech, you're going to have to look at some of the healthcare companies that have really been hurt with the Pharmatech news and other things. It seems like they're next though in the docket for what potential tariffs may look like. Oh, absolutely. So look for those healthcare companies that are not necessarily tied to pharma and they get their revenue, surgical centers and other places that are hospital-based, that are US-based, that we are going to use on a daily basis, but really are not tied to that. Those are the ones that have been kind of the baby been thrown out with the bath water. Their their valuations are very good right now. Absolutely. David, great to see you here in studio. Thanks for taking the time with us this morning. Thank you. Absolutely. Technology stocks are tumbling.  A tariff war has started between the United States and China, injecting uncertainty into the stock market.  Given how unpredictable these tariffs are, the best move may be to look for high-quality stocks that are unaffected by China and United States foreign trade, meaning companies that don't ship physical goods from China to the States or vice versa. We recently published a list of the 10 High Growth Forever Dividend Stocks to Invest In. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tractor Supply Company (NASDAQ:TSCO) stands against other high growth forever dividend stocks. Dividend stocks have trailed the broader market over the past two years, largely due to investors […] On one hand, it's understandable that Amazon's (NASDAQ: AMZN) share price fell as much as 29% below its previous high during the recent market sell-off.  After all, the company's e-commerce revenue could be at risk if tariffs lead to an economic decline that causes consumer spending to sink.  On the other hand, I'd argue that Amazon is more insulated from a faltering economy than meets the eye. While analysts remain bullish overall on Amazon (AMZ) stock, several Wall Street firms have cut their price targets for the tech giant's shares ahead of its first quarter earnings report. Concerns about the impact of President Donald Trump's tariff plan have weighed on Amazon shares in recent weeks. Amazon stock had sold off on a Q4 earnings report that included... Well-known investor Josh Brown disclosed on CNBC recently that he had sold all of his shares of Alphabet (GOOG,GOOGL). Brown, the CEO of Ritholtz Wealth Management, stated that he was concerned about the impact of ChatGPT on Alphabet’s core internet search business. Details About Brown’s Decision and His Motivation After selling half of his GOOG […] Investors now consider a trade war to be the biggest threat to the stock market, according to a Bank of America survey of global fund managers. Alphabet (GOOGL) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects. President Donald Trump’s tariffs, which are expected to slow economic growth, could cause companies to reduce their technology budgets in the face of uncertain demand and profits.  Already, chief information officers surveyed by Morgan Stanley software analyst Keith Weiss have indicated they expect to grow their budgets by just over 3% this year on average, down from an expectation of just over 4% before Trump’s tariff announcements. Costco has mastered the impulse buy. Shoppers pop in for eggs or rotisserie chicken only to wheel out baskets piled higher than a tractor trailer. We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential. On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
