Title: These Stocks Are Moving the Most Today: Arm, AppLovin, Alphabet, Coinbase, D-Wave Quantum, Fortinet, Carvana, Cleveland-Cliffs, and More
Date: 2025-05-08 20:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/be983f0e-fb52-3ae6-b122-f022501d4247/these-stocks-are-moving-the.html?.tsrc=rss

Arm Holdings issues disappointing guidance, AppLovin surges after topping earnings and revenue expectations, and Coinbase agrees to acquire Bitcoin trading platform Deribit for $2.9 billion. Advanced Micro Devices' (AMD) stock has risen 5% since surpassing its Q1 expectations on Tuesday, but will the rally continue? SoundHound AI, a provider of conversational voice AI technology, delivered mixed results for the first quarter. SoundHound stock fell. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Absolutely Nailed These 11 Stock Predictions. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arm Holdings plc (NASDAQ:ARM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. During a recent episode of Mad Money, which aired on Friday the 2nd of May, Jim Cramer discussed […] Cleveland Cliffs reported surprisingly weak first-quarter numbers, and announced it was idling some plants to reduce losses. Nvidia and The Trade Desk are down sharply, but could soar again soon.  Through the end of 2024, the S&P 500 rose more than 50%, and the Nasdaq Composite by a jaw-dropping 85%.  The election briefly brought even more enthusiasm, as some saw the new administration as a net positive for corporations and the stock market. President Trump's tariffs on foreign-made auto parts began on May 3, with automakers receiving some concessions from the administration but still feeling the heat on others. FTNT's first-quarter 2025 earnings and revenues beat estimates, benefiting from strong growth in both product and services revenues. D-Wave reported a smaller-than-expected Q1 loss while revenue topped views as investors focus on the growth outlook for quantum computing stocks. President Donald Trump eased auto tariffs with an executive order and proclamation on Tuesday While not a permanent rollback, the changes are intended to give U.S. auto companies "a little bit of a break" Auto companies like Ford and Stellantis say they "welcome and appreciate" the move, which came on Trump's 100th day in office President Donald Trump signed a series of executive orders and proclamations to ease auto tariffs on April 29. The new order upholds the 25% tariffs on imported cars, as Ford cites mid-year adjustments and tariffs for price hikes.