Title: Apple, Anthropic Team Up to Build AI-Powered ‘Vibe-Coding’ Platform
Date: 2025-05-02 17:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-anthropic-team-build-ai-174723999.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. is teaming up with startup Anthropic PBC on a new “vibe-coding” software platform that will use artificial intelligence to write, edit and test code on behalf of programmers.
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The system is a new version of Xcode, Apple’s programming software, that will integrate Anthropic’s Claude Sonnet model, according to people with knowledge of the matter. Apple will roll out the software internally and hasn’t yet decided whether to launch it publicly, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the initiative hasn’t been announced.
The work shows how Apple is using AI to improve its internal workflow, aiming to speed up and modernize product development. The approach is similar to one used by companies such as Windsurf and Cursor maker Anysphere, which offer advanced AI coding assistants popular with software developers.
In the early days of generative artificial intelligence, Apple had been resistant to using AI for the creation of software that was bound for consumers. But with recent advancements in large language models — a foundation of generative AI — Apple is changing its tune.
Last year, Apple announced its own AI-powered coding tool for Xcode called Swift Assist. The company had intended to roll it out in 2024 but never actually shipped it to developers. Internally, engineers have complained that the company’s own system could hallucinate — or make up information — and even slow down app development. The Anthropic partnership is an acknowledgment that Apple could use some outside help, though the two systems could ultimately work together.
Among all of the major large language models, Anthropic’s Claude is known as one of the best when it comes to programming. The new Apple tool includes a chat interface where programmers can type in requests for code or alterations, according to the people. It also can test user interfaces, a process that is often cumbersome when done manually, as well as help manage the process of finding and fixing bugs.
Spokespeople for Apple and Anthropic declined to comment.
The move reflects Apple’s greater willingness to partner with others after struggling to develop homegrown technology. So far, the company has shied away from third-party models — aside from a deal with OpenAI’s ChatGPT that can fulfill queries in the Siri virtual assistant. Apple is expected to add Gemini from Alphabet Inc.’s Google as an alternative to ChatGPT later this year.
The rest of the Apple Intelligence platform, which includes features like custom emoji, writing tools and organizing notifications, uses models developed by the company internally. Apple raced to create the capabilities after it was caught flat-footed by the generative AI frenzy more than two years ago.
The iPhone maker has started to slowly roll out the new coding software to engineers across its operations. If the launch is ultimately successful internally, the company could release it to third-party app developers, which mainly rely on tools like Xcode and the Swift programming language to release apps for Apple’s devices. The company is holding its annual conference for developers beginning June 9.
For Anthropic, working with Apple is a major boon, especially if the tool ultimately ever gets rolled out externally. Already, Anthropic has partnered with Amazon.com Inc. to help power the new Alexa+ assistant. But when Apple held talks about a Siri AI partnership last year, it only seriously considered Google and OpenAI before ultimately striking the ChatGPT deal.
AI coding technology has become increasingly popular, and OpenAI is in talks to acquire Windsurf for about $3 billion, Bloomberg News has reported. Two and a half years ago, GitHub Copilot, which offers AI-based code completion, helped push Apple executives to recognize that generative AI was an area the company was late to and should be working on.
The latest moves are part of a broader turnaround effort to catch up in artificial intelligence. The company’s AI tools have been criticized by users for being less capable than rival systems. Apple also had to indefinitely delay a revamped Siri that it unveiled last year.
In a bid to get back on track, the company recently shifted responsibility for Siri engineering and consumer-facing product development away from AI chief John Giannandrea. It also removed a robotics team from his command. The moves have begun a breakup of Apple’s centralized approach to AI development, but also give Giannandrea’s team more space to focus on underlying AI research.
With the changes, Apple software engineering head Craig Federighi has taken a bigger role in the company’s AI efforts. His team is now overseeing Siri as well as some project managers dedicated to work on artificial intelligence.
On Apple’s second-quarter earnings call Thursday, Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook defended the AI strategy. He touted the company’s on-device approach — where AI models are run locally — and the integration of features across its operating systems. “We are very excited about the road map, and we are pleased with the progress that we’re making,” he told analysts.
Cook said that while Apple wants to have “certain models” of its own, the company is partnering with others as well. “I don’t view it as an all of one or all of the other,” he said.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
How an Israeli Hostage Negotiator Outsmarts Ransomware Hackers
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
“The data is almost secondary at this point,” JPMorgan’s Bill Eigen said in a television interview Friday, before the jobs report came out.
Alphabet still plans $75 billion in capital expenditures for 2025.  Nvidia will be a huge beneficiary of that spending.  This happened recently during Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) conference call, which included key information about Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA).
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio