Title: There are 'definitely buying opportunities' in the tech sell-off
Date: 2025-04-16 14:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/definitely-buying-opportunities-tech-sell-145640214.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NVDA), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), and ASML (ASML) are dragging the market lower as investors weigh the impact of the US-China trade war and a potential economic slowdown fueled by US President Trump's policies.
Summit Global Investments chief investment officer David Harden sits down with Madison Mills and Brad Smith to discuss how to play the tech sector, comparing Microsoft (MSFT), Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA), and Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL).
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.
It's time now for today's strategy session. US stocks opening in the red this morning with tech leading the losses here. Options data showing investors are positioning for further losses in mega cap tech and semis ahead of earnings. That's according to data from Bloomberg. Joining us now with more, David Harden, Summit Global Investments CIO. David, great to speak with you this morning. Certainly a lot of pain for the big tech names this morning.
Thank you.
Are you buying big tech at these levels?
Well, I think there's some definitely buying opportunities that are coming available. For example, one of the things that I like is Google. Google has $25 billion in free cash flows last quarter. It's it's it's growing at double digits year-over-year. Its profit margins are great. Its return on equity is around 30%. And the PE is now finally getting down into those reasonable levels you can consider 16, 17, 15. So I think I think these are buying opportunities to start accumulating more positions in something like a Google.
I think what you're highlighting is the, you know, this one thing is not like the other in the tech trade even as you're looking at what is more of a platform play where there's perhaps more of a reason to believe that the consumers would flow into free products that a Google might offer online versus what we're seeing in some of the products and propensity to spend in some of the other tech plays where there might be a consumer pullback in those discretionary dollars. How do you continue to look across these companies once we get into earnings and see how they're forecasting and guiding for the rest of the year on that?
Yeah, I think that's really important because where did their earnings come from, right? And and how are they tied to tariffs? That's really important. And how does those tariffs impact like advertising for Google. So you want to look kind of through those earnings into the consumer and and see what that consumer's doing and how that consumer's acting. And I think that's another play in tech. There is a separation. What? Are they hardware? Like Apple's had to navigate a lot more tariff news than Google's had to navigate, even though they're both navigating it.
And we're starting to see individual companies being used as tools in this trade war. Obviously with Nvidia's specific chips being impacted by export controls, to what extent does that change any fundamental view you have on these stocks or should investors look past any of that daily headline news on tariffs?
I I I think absolutely, you have to consider that and you have to manage your your risk here. Risk is really, really important in these markets and managing that is essential. So where you have the H20 chip, for example, invidia, they have clearly shown last night on their earnings that they have a difficult time more difficult time than some of these other tech names. So look for tech names that are more US based. Look for tech names that have more um say high-quality earnings. Even though somebody could question Google's high quality earnings, their earnings scores are not very good, but it is more US based. It is more consumer based in the US. And so that's very, very important in tech.
It seems like we've all been asking the question of what's the next big catalyst to drive conviction within the markets. Does that mean the AI trade or the fast-paced growth cycle for the AI trade is dead?
No, I don't think so because let's face it. Probably 10 minutes ago you were looking at AI, or I was looking at AI, or somebody was looking at some agent and the and the new things that are coming out with AI agents and things of this nature are absolutely impactful. The power of AI is growing. It's not shrinking. We're using it more. And it will continue to spread. So I think that trade's not done. I think there'll continue to be infrastructure build outs and AI things, but it has to go past just the technology. You have to look into the in industrial side of tech and where are they putting and building these centers at.
I want to get to one of your cells, but first really quickly, would you buy Nvidia at these levels?
Uh probably not right now. No. I would be if you're if you're in it, it's time to hold and be patient. But if you're looking to buy, I think there's better opportunities to buy.
And I know one of them is Microsoft, correct?
I if you're looking at the two comparison, yes, Microsoft today, Nvidia's down more 6-7%, Microsoft's down in one, one and a half right now. I I think that's a safer play. It's a little bit more if if you will ingrained in our society. The revenues are are more um consistent. And so that's something that I would look at is more something like a Google or Microsoft. Both of those I would consider buying opportunities, especially at these levels.
And I know a sell for you is one member of the mag 7. Talk to us about Tesla.
Well, I think Tesla's had some negative earnings. We know that and um it's under pressure. I think every Tesla's uh I I saw a sticker on the back of a Tesla the other day that said something like, I bought this post crazy. So this is this is very, very important right now in our society. But having said that, I think Elon Musk is going to tell you when it's the right time to buy Tesla. And he hasn't done that yet. So he he's outspoken. We know what he's capable of. And until he's ready to let us know it's the right time to buy, I think it's you avoid that stock right now.
Outside of tech, where's your favorite trade, your top idea right now?
And I think I think outside of tech, you're going to have to look at some of the healthcare companies that have really been hurt with the Pharmatech news and other things.
It seems like they're next though in the docket for what potential tariffs may look like.
Oh, absolutely. So look for those healthcare companies that are not necessarily tied to pharma and they get their revenue, surgical centers and other places that are hospital-based, that are US-based, that we are going to use on a daily basis, but really are not tied to that. Those are the ones that have been kind of the baby been thrown out with the bath water. Their their valuations are very good right now.
Absolutely. David, great to see you here in studio. Thanks for taking the time with us this morning.
Thank you.
Absolutely.
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) stock saw a big valuation pullback Wednesday.  The semiconductor company's share price ended the day's trading down 7.4% amid a 2.3% decline for the S&P 500 and a 3.1% decline for the Nasdaq Composite.  Due to new U.S. policies, AMD will require an export license in order to sell its MI308X artificial intelligence (AI) processor into the Chinese market.
The stock market took a downward turn on Wednesday after Nvidia said it would take a $5.5 billion charge due to U.S. export restrictions on H20 processors to China and other countries.
Tesla  stock fell Wednesday amid continuing economic fears.  “Tariffs are highly likely to generate at least a temporary rise in inflation,” Powell said in prepared remarks on Wednesday.  It has been a volatile few months for Tesla stock.
TSMC, the main global producer of advanced chips used in artificial intelligence applications, is set to report a 57% leap in first-quarter profit on Thursday, though it is also likely to flag risks from U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policies.  Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co is expected to report a net profit of T$354.6 billion ($10.92 billion) for the three months ended March 31, according to a LSEG SmartEstimate drawn from 18 analysts.
Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE: BRK.A) (NYSE: BRK.B) assets have changed considerably in recent years.  Today, the value of Berkshire's controlled companies exceeds its public equity portfolio.  Berkshire has reduced its stake in top holdings such as Apple and Bank of America.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) -Oil prices extended gains on Thursday on the prospect of tighter supply after Washington imposed further sanctions to curb Iranian oil trade and as some OPEC producers pledged more output cuts to compensate for pumping above agreed quotas.  Brent crude futures rose 55 cents, or 0.8%, to $66.40 a barrel by 0321 GMT, and U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude was at $63.13 a barrel, up 66 cents, or 1.1%.  "I think the rally has a couple of factors behind it - shorts covering, the weaker USD which makes crude oil cheaper to buy, and the U.S. pressure on Iran," IG market analyst Tony Sycamore said.
(Bloomberg) -- The Trump administration halted work on an offshore wind farm being built off New York amid a broader review of the sector’s projects.Most Read from BloombergTrump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedDOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on LeaveLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsInterior Secretary Doug Burgum ordered the pause on
All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say.
Well-known investor Josh Brown disclosed on CNBC recently that he had sold all of his shares of Alphabet (GOOG,GOOGL). Brown, the CEO of Ritholtz Wealth Management, stated that he was concerned about the impact of ChatGPT on Alphabet’s core internet search business. Details About Brown’s Decision and His Motivation After selling half of his GOOG […]
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
