Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)_ Jim Cramer Regrets Selling — “Bet on the United States of Google”
2025-05-01 13-53
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-googl-jim-cramer-135306834.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Details Of Trump’s Tariff Negotiations & Discusses 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the supply chain disruption that firms were facing and planning for in the wake of President Trump’s tariffs. “I think that this was the week where people said I better have an alternative supply chain, I just have to. Wherever it is, which is going to hurt the gross margins,” Cramer said.
Cramer also linked the current supply chain disruptions to the one that businesses faced during the coronavirus pandemic. Cramer mentioned an unnamed CEO who had prepared for the current disruption by learning lessons from COVID. According to Cramer:
“I’m speaking to a major CEO, at a major tech company who said, do you think that we didn’t learn anything from COVID? COVID was a total shutdown [in] China and we learned to move away from China. And China misjudged what we learned during COVID.”
The conversation then shifted to President Trump’s negotiations with America’s trading partners. While most media attention has focused on China, he mentioned negotiations with Japan and South Korea. Starting with Japan, Cramer outlined:
“I was talking to someone who has been in on the Japanese negotiations. And I asked for color. And he said, they’re color-full. But that someone’s playing very hardball, in our country, and I presume, that someone is, obviously our President. And I said, does he know that you are our friends, and he just didn’t respond. I thought it was interesting.”
As for Korea, he believes that the country is the Trump administration’s favorite due to its already sizable manufacturing presence in the US. Cramer shared:
“My answer on Korea is, that. . . they are loved. . . Okay, so Korea builds plants here right, and they are not the plants like the Germans they are not assembly plants, they make everything here, so they are brought up, constantly as the paradigm, like why can’t you guys be like Korea? Where all the intellectual property is made here. And I think it’s rather amazing. . .I brought them up as being why are they getting a free ride to some people? And they said no, there’s no free ride, they actually listened to what we wanted.”
Of course, since China is the President’s first target when it comes to negotiations, it was unsurprising that the country came up. Cramer isn’t a fan of China. What amazed Cramer was Hayman Capital Management founder and CIO, Kyle Bass’s comments where he outlined “one country lies, one country doesn’t. . .China lies. Look I find these talks unfathomable. I don’t see any progress.”
As for who has the cards in the negotiations between the US and China, Cramer said: “Well, that’s the problem. We don’t know.”
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 25th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 234
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s stock appears to have experienced a turnaround in April. While the shares had struggled for most. of 2025, they are up by 8.8% since April’s third week. Part of the gains are due to Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)’s first quarter results which saw advertising revenue beat analyst estimates and paint a positive picture for its AI investments. In his comments after the earnings, Cramer regretted selling Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL):
“[When co-host David Faber remarked that the current uncertainty reminded him of COVID despite Cramer asserting that businesses had learned supply chain lessons] Okay, so then go buy Alphabet. I mean they’re the world’s divide between companies that need or [inaudible] no connected to China. And companies that are.”
Overall, GOOGL ranks 1st on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOGL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Meta Platforms (META), Spotify (SPOT), Garmin (GRMN) and Match (MTCH) are among the companies launching the Coalition for a Competitive Mobile Experience, a lobbying coalition to take on Apple (AAPL) and Alphabet (GOOG) (GOOGL) as legislation to require age verification gains momentum amid rising public concern over minors’ online access to inappropriate material. The group will lobby federal and state policymakers to enact legislation cracking down on the smartphone companies’ business practice
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.