Title: Big Bank investors 'on edge' despite strong Q1 results
Date: 2025-04-15 22:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/big-bank-investors-edge-despite-223109693.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongWhy your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budgingStock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exportsThe Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffsTreasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatilityStocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a dayThe chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habitStocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focusBofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haulThe trade war uncovers new economies of scaleTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedUnlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Bank of America (BAC) and Citi (C) beat expectations with strong first quarter results, boosting investor confidence and lifting both stocks. RBC Capital Markets bank analyst Gerard Cassidy joins Market Domination to break down what's driving bank earnings.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.Bank of America and Citi reporting first quarter earnings this morning, beating on the top and bottom lines and following a trend of strong Q1 bank earnings. For more, we're bringing in now Gerard Cassidy, analyst at RBC Capital markets, covering the banking sector. Gerard, it's great to see you as always. So, listen, the bank earnings they continue to roll in, Gerard. We heard from Bank of America and Citi this morning. Investors clearly like what they heard there. Both those stocks are higher in today's trade. Broadly, how would you characterize what we've heard, Gerard, from the sector you know so well? I mean, it has seemed generally positive, Gerard.Josh, you're absolutely right. The results have been good. Um, the banks have generally beaten all of our estimates on the street consensus EPS estimates as well as my own. And I think part of the reason is of course, the capital markets businesses for the large money center banks and for Goldman and Morgan Stanley were really strong in trading, particularly equity trading. So that was a large reason for the beats from most of these companies. Also credit. Credit remains very resilient even though they're building up reserves as they're required to do under the new accounting standard called CECL, current expected credit losses. When I say new, it's January of 2020 when it was introduced. So I think what we're seeing is that you know, the first quarter of course had two months of no commentary about tariffs. It was only in March that the commentary started to be elevated. And April of course has been very volatile. So I think what we're seeing is first quarter results overall are better than expected. Credits strong. Capital levels are very healthy. Liquidity is high. It's really the future and the unknown of the future that has everybody on edge.How long do you think the elevated volatility, that the trading volume that comes from that, can make up for muted deal activity? Can that continue for a couple of quarters or is there a limit to how far that could take you?It's a really good question because it was outstanding in the first quarter and it did more than offset, you know, the lower, the lower numbers in some of the selected investment banking categories, particularly ECM, equity capital markets. The IPO market has really kind of fizzled out here due to this volatility. So you really need volatility and volumes to go with it to enable these larger firms to offset any slowdown in activity and advisory, which is M&A activity of course, and then the ECM business. Um, the DCM, debt capital markets had a very strong first couple of months of the year. It has slowed down a little bit. So you're right, we will need to see elevated volumes and volatility if the investment banking markets don't come back. Ideally, if we could have some resiliency in the markets and less volatility, you might get a combination of lower revenues and trading, but more than offset by incremental pickup in the advisory and the ECM business. So we'll have to see how that plays out, but right now the uncertainty is really weighing on the ECM and advisory business at this time.The purchases are a sign of confidence despite growing concern about an economic slowdown this year.Wall Street is raking in even more money from trading than it did during the market’s Covid-19 era swings.  Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley all said a surge in trading revenue helped lift their profits last quarter and beat expectations.Goldman's Chief China Equity Strategist Kinger Lau explains how to navigate market volatility and the delisting risks for Chinese companies. He also says Goldman is betting on sectors that stand to benefit from Beijing's stimulus measures. Lau was speaking on Bloomberg's The China Show.Citi plans to spend more in 2025 than it did last year on fixing long-running risk, data, and compliance deficiencies, as it carries out a yearslong turnaround plan that it refers to as its “transformation.”  Citi CFO Mark Mason said on a call with reporters that the firm is working to move away from manual activity and automate parts of its risk management processes and compliance programs.  Citi is prioritizing its efforts to try and change that.Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
