Title: Chevron Bets on Triple-Frac to Speed Up Oil Output and Lower Permian Costs
Date: 2025-04-09 20:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-bets-triple-frac-speed-200843978.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Chevron (NYSE:CVX) is ramping up its use of a technique called triple-frac in the Permian Basin, aiming to speed up oil production and lower drilling costs, according to a report from Reuters. The company started using the method which fractures rock in three wells simultaneously in March 2024. This year, Chevron plans to apply it to between 50% and 60% of its wells in the region, up from just 20% last year. Jeff Newhook, a completions operations manager at Chevron, told Reuters the approach allows the company to bring each well online 25% faster, which results in a 12% cost savings per well. While the triple-frac method uses the same total amount of water and sand as single-well fracking, it requires those materials to be delivered and deployed much faster. That's led to increased demand on Chevron's logistics network about 60% more water and sand is needed per day to support the process. Industry experts say speed matters in shale, where well production typically declines quickly. Companies that can complete and activate wells faster gain an edge in both output and returns. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. (Reuters) -The S&P 500 sold off sharply on Tuesday to close below 5,000 points for the first time in almost a year after it reversed a strong morning rally, while investor hopes faded for any imminent U.S. delays or concessions on tariffs ahead of a midnight deadline.  The S&P 500 has lost $5.83 trillion in market value, for its steepest four days of losses since the index was created in the 1950s, following President Donald Trump unveiling of hefty global tariffs against U.S. trading partners late on Wednesday.  The S&P had risen more than 4% earlier on Tuesday as investors hoped that Trump would soften his stance or postpone a Wednesday deadline for tariffs. Walmart on Wednesday said its forecast for operating income is less certain as the Trump administration's tariffs go into effect. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI) fell sharply after the U.S. released a new tariff program.  A quick look at the three highest-paying dividend stocks on the index -- Merck (NYSE: MRK), Chevron (NYSE: CVX), and Verizon (NYSE: VZ) -- is a good place to start if you want to find out.  Merck's 4% dividend yield is near the highest levels of the past decade, though it's been much higher in the past. SHEL expects the drilling campaign to commence offshore Suriname in the second half of this year. The contract has been awarded to Stena Drilling via SHEL's subsidiaries. We recently published a list of the 10 High Growth Dividend Paying Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) stands against other profitable dividend stocks. Amid growing concerns about economic growth and President Trump’s tariffs, investors have been seeking safer investment options. In this […] We recently published a list of the 10 High Growth Dividend Paying Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) stands against other profitable dividend stocks. Amid growing concerns about economic growth and President Trump’s tariffs, investors have been seeking safer investment options. […] Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
