Title: Chevron, Occidental downgraded amid oil price concerns
Date: 2025-04-11 21:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/chevron-occidental-downgraded-amid-oil-210015472.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Scotiabank downgraded Occidental Petroleum (OXY) and Chevron (CVX) to Sector Perform from Sector Outperform. Market Domination hosts Josh Lipton and Julie Hyman discuss the latest news, highlighting concerns over Occidental's leveraged position following its Crown Rock acquisition and potential buyback reductions at Chevron. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here. Occidental Petroleum and Chevron hit with a downgrade from Scotia Bank, these stocks lowered to sector perform from sector outperform. Scotiabank also lowering its price target on each stock. So, um, the note here. So on Occidental, they go to sector perform. So the equivalent of a hold, Julie. The uh target is 40. They talk about a leverage position is being more problematic versus rivals due to the untimely acquisition of crown rock. They talk about how it's going to be tough for the company to outperform until the macro improves. Yeah, and they talk about how that this is, in their words, one of the most oil leveraged companies within our universe. I don't know if you've noticed, but we've seen oil prices go down. So that would be a negative potentially in this environment. When it comes to Chevron, you know, one of the key reasons why investors hold these oil companies is because of the cash return to shareholders. Mm-hmm. Yes. Exactly. And the analyst at Scotia says we think that Chevron has a higher likelihood of reducing their current buyback run rate from the recent annual pace in the coming quarters. Exxon has a higher probability of retaining that rate. Send me a check. And what do they like, Julie? They go to hold on a couple of them. What do they like? They like EOG resources. They go to sector outperform, so equivalent of buy. Fortress balance sheet. You always like to hear that. You do. You really do. In the most recent trading session, Occidental Petroleum (OXY) closed at $37.90, indicating a +0.61% shift from the previous trading day. Initial data shows high-quality reservoirs and a potentially commercial volume of hydrocarbons, the company said. We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where BP p.l.c. (NYSE:BP) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in 2025, […] The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
