Title: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD)_ Faces China Risk and Nvidia’s Lead
Date: 2025-04-15 17:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-172154696.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to artificial intelligence. Despite the continued buzz around the technology, no one seems interested in buying the falling stocks. Fluctuating tariff policies from the Trump administration have concerned Wall Street and disrupted global supply chains. The cost of AI infrastructure has increased drastically, especially for companies relying on imported components. READ ALSO: 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention and  9 Trending AI Stocks Making Headlines Today. The narrative around AI stocks has also begun to change because investors are critiquing that prices have become too expensive, and because there is intensifying competition from Chinese companies developing their own AI offerings. In the latest news, seven Republican U.S. senators have also sent a letter to U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick. The letter urges him to get rid of a Biden administration rule that restricts global access to AI chips before it kicks in next month. The letter claims that the AI diffusion rule will deter U.S. leadership in artificial intelligence, which is why it demands an “immediate action” to halt it. The rule is set to take effect on May 15. “Every day this rule remains in place, American companies face mounting uncertainty, stalled investments, and the risk of losing critical global partnerships that cannot be easily regained. We urge you to withdraw this rule and propose an alternative that is effective in preventing Communist China from capturing the world market in leading technology without compromising American advantages.” It also noted how the rule puts countries into three tiers, with only 18 nations in the Tier 1 group with the easiest access to American technology. Those in tier 2 have to face “arbitrary purchase limits and a cumbersome licensing process.” Meanwhile, it asserted that Tier 3 countries are already “rightly restricted.” For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here). A close up of a complex looking PCB board with several intergrated semiconductor parts. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 96 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) develops and sells semiconductors, processors, and GPUs for data centers, gaming, AI, and embedded applications. On April 8, KeyBanc analyst John Vinh downgraded the stock to “Sector Weight” from Overweight without a price target amid escalating tariff risks and price competition. With export restrictions likely to limit demand for AMD’s chips from Chinese hyperscalers, the firm believes AMD could face greater competition from Nvidia and a slowdown in the China business. “China AI demand may not be sustainable and may be at risk, while NVDA is so far ahead with GB200/NVL. We estimate 2025 MI308 GPUs volumes at 300K and reflect the majority of the growth for AMD. Excluding China, there is very little to no growth in AI GPUs this year.” Vinh further talked about the limited opportunity to gain additional shares in the PC and server market when compared to Intel. “We believe AMD will be forced to react to INTC’s aggressive price actions in the range of 20-40% on Lunar Lake in order to maintain/regain lost market share to INTC. While the stock is relatively inexpensive, trading at 13x our 2026 EPS estimate, semiconductor stocks rarely work with risk to GMs, which we are increasingly concerned about given the aggressive price cuts by INTC.” Overall, AMD ranks 9th on our list of AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. While we acknowledge the potential of AMD as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AMD but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. AMD said Tuesday that some of its central-processing units for data centers will be made at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing’s site in Arizona. We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) stands against the other American tech stocks. American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies […] The chip maker will take a $5.5 billion charge in the current quarter for H20 inventory and canceled sales. JP Morgan analyst Harlan Sur reiterated an Underweight rating on Intel Corp (NASDAQ:INTC) on Tuesday, setting a price forecast of $23. On Monday, before the market opened, Intel announced a 51% stake sale of its programmable chip business, Altera, to private equity firm Silver Lake Management for $4.46 billion, valuing Altera at $8.75 billion with a transaction multiple of ~5.7 times calendar 2024 sales. As a reference, Intel bought Altera in 2015 at 9 times calendar 2014 sales and in 2020, and Dell and HP have been highlighted in this Industry Outlook article. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […] The U.S. government ”indicated that the license requirement addresses the risk that the covered products may be used in, or diverted to, a supercomputer in China,” Nvidia said. Companies In The Article Are:PLTR, INTC, DELL,GS Nvidia on Tuesday said it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips.  Nvidia's AI chips have been a key focus of U.S. export controls as U.S. officials have moved to keep the most advanced chips from being sold to China as the U.S. tries to keep ahead in the AI race.  After those controls were implemented, Nvidia began designing chips that would come as close as possible to U.S. limits. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
