Title: ServiceNow Dips 26% Year to Date: Hold or Fold the NOW Stock?
Date: 2025-04-14 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/servicenow-dips-26-date-hold-190000771.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. ServiceNow NOW shares have plunged 25.9% year to date, underperforming both the Zacks Computer & Technology sector and the Zacks Computers – IT Services industry’s decline of 14.4% and 18.9%, respectively.NOW shares have suffered from a worsening macroeconomic environment following U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to levy tariffs on trading partners, including China and Mexico. The company’s federal business is expected to suffer from DOGE related issues. ServiceNow expects unfavorable forex impact of roughly $175 million for 2025 and back-end loaded federal business is expected to hurt the growth rate.ServiceNow’s strategy to accelerate the adoption of its Agentic AI by foregoing immediate revenues is expected to affect the subscription revenue growth rate in 2025.   Image Source: Zacks Investment Research   So, what should investors do with NOW stock? Let’s dig deep to find out. ServiceNow has strengthened its portfolio with the launch of the Yokohama platform. The update brings new AI agents across varied domains, including CRM, HR and IT, delivering enhanced productivity as well as smoother and smarter functioning of workflows. The Yokohama platform update is expected to help ServiceNow continue winning clients. ServiceNow is extensively leveraging AI and machine learning technologies to boost the potency of its solutions. A rich partner base that includes the likes of Alphabet GOOGL, Amazon, Microsoft and NVIDIA NVDA is noteworthy. In January, ServiceNow and Alphabet’s Google Cloud expanded their partnership, under which the former will bring its Now Platform and a full suite of workflows to customers on Google Cloud Marketplace. ServiceNow will also make its Customer Relationship Management, IT Service Management and Security Incident Response solutions available on Google Distributed Cloud.NVIDIA and NOW collaborated to launch AI agents for the telecom industry. The AI agents were built with NVIDIA AI Enterprise software and the AI platform NVIDIA DGX Cloud. Last month, ServiceNow expanded its partnership with NVIDIA to enhance agentic AI by integrating NVIDIA Llama Nemotron reasoning models and AI agent evaluation tools into the ServiceNow Platform for optimized business transformation.DXC Technology DXC and ServiceNow have collaborated to introduce DXC Assure BPM (Business Process Management), which combines DXC Technology’s insurance expertise and scale with ServiceNow’s single platform and data model.ServiceNow has been actively pursuing acquisitions this year. Early this month, the company announced plans to buy ServiceNow announced its plan to acquire Logik.ai, a leading provider of AI-powered Configure, Price, Quote solutions. In late February, NOW announced the acquisition of the Quality 360 solution from Advania to enhance its strength in the manufacturing industry. The buyout of Moveworks boosts NOW’s agentic AI offerings. For the first quarter of 2025, subscription revenues are projected between $2.995 billion and $3 billion, suggesting an improvement of 18.5-19% year over year on a GAAP basis. At cc, subscription revenues are expected to grow in the 19.5-20% range. Unfavorable forex is expected to hurt revenues by $40 million.Sequentially, these figures imply modest revenue growth. Subscription revenues improved 21.2% year over year, on a reported basis, to $2.866 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024. On a cc basis, revenues increased 21% to $2.859 billion. For 2025, NOW expects subscription revenues to be $12.635-$12.675 billion, which suggests a rise of 18.5% to 19% from 2024 on a GAAP basis and 19.5% to 20% on a non-GAAP basis. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2025 earnings is pegged at $16.23 per share, down by a penny over the past 30 days, indicating a 16.59% increase over 2024’s reported figure.NOW’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the trailing four quarters, the average surprise being 7.02%. ServiceNow, Inc. price-consensus-chart | ServiceNow, Inc. Quote   Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.The consensus mark for 2025 revenues is pegged at $13 billion, suggesting growth of 18.39% over 2024’s reported figure. ServiceNow stock is overvalued, as suggested by the Value Score of F.In terms of the forward 12-month Price/Sales, NOW is trading at 11.86X, higher than the sector’s 5.34X.   Image Source: Zacks Investment Research   Technically, ServiceNow stock is displaying a bearish trend as it is trading below both the 200-day and the 50-day moving averages.     Image Source: Zacks Investment Research   ServiceNow’s robust GenAI portfolio and strong partner base are expected to drive its clientele, boosting subscription revenues. However, unfavorable forex amid a challenging macroeconomic environment is a concern. NOW stock’s stretched valuation makes the stock unattractive for value investors.ServiceNow currently has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell), which implies that investors should stay away from the stock for the time being. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report DXC Technology Company. (DXC) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Shares of semiconductor giant Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) surged 18.7% on April 9, after President Trump announced a 90-day pause on the higher "reciprocal tariffs."  Investors had long been worried about the U.S. government's decision to impose import tariffs on products from various trading partners.  Since this can lead to rising costs, disruptions in the supply chain, and retaliatory tariffs on American goods, many U.S. stocks saw a dramatic decline in early April 2025. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend. If you expect your income to grow significantly, consider graduated repayment. Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
