Title: Nvidia AI boost, Block cuts outlook, Reddit surges on sales
Date: 2025-05-02 13:48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nvidia-ai-boost-block-cuts-134813356.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NVDA) shares are getting a boost after reports from The Information indicate that the semiconductor manufacturer may be planning to tailor its chips for exporting to China. Additionally, other tech giants are expecting to up their investments into AI infrastructure.
Block (XYZ) stock is plummeting this morning after cutting its profit outlook.
Social media platform Reddit (RDDT) is rising in Friday's pre-market after seeing a profit in its first quarter.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.
Now time for some of today's trending tickers. We're watching Nvidia, Block, and Reddit. First up, shares of Nvidia are up over 2% as the information reports it plans to tweak its chips for export to China as US chip curbs are set to go into effect. Additionally, Nvidia getting a boost as Amazon's capital expenditures for the first quarter just over $27 billion, uh putting it on pace to hit its $100 billion um company executives citing Amazon's plans to grow capacity for AI infrastructure. So some of the tie-in and these partnerships as well for Nvidia, which have become headlines in themselves, any type of the purchase orders or ultimate data center moves that could help out Nvidia in moving its chips into some of those data centers as well. Also, of course, a few weeks back and now, once again, announced at a lecture in the White House, Nvidia planning to produce up to half a trillion dollars worth of AI infrastructure in the United States. Those partnerships going to be with the likes of TSMC, Foxconn, Westron, Amcore, and more.
Yeah, this is something that we were talking to Kevin Man about yesterday, the idea that as these hyperscalars announced continued AI CAPEX, who does it benefit? Of course, Nvidia, but also some other AI names. I do want to double click on this information piece, Nvidia working on China tailored chips after the US export ban. We know that CEO Jensen Huang was at the White House this week according to reports, imploring the president to reconsider chip export controls because those obviously put a strain on the business and there has been some other reporting about the idea that Nvidia may be even willing to spin off part of its China business to get around those export controls. Of course, off the back of this reporting of China tailored chips, uh the stock is moving to the upside. Next up, block shares sliding after the company cut its full-year profit outlook citing an uncertain environment and lower consumer spending. The payment processor also missing Wall Street's expectations for the first quarter on the top and bottom lines. Block reporting softer cash app profit growth than expected with lower discretionary spend in the most recent quarter. The shares still down nearly 20% in the pre-market here, just a huge slide for the company.
Yeah, a few of the takeaways here, especially as the revenue had hit $5.77 billion, that was below the forecast. And then additionally gross profit, that was still up 9% year-over-year. A few of the things that the company was talking about on the earnings call and really did need to address some of the macroeconomic pressures and what that would mean for consumer spending. Of course, remember, block parent company of Square here, formally Square, they are formally known as essentially. And if you did see any change, severe change over an extended period of time in volumes, that also impacts the percentage that block essentially has in its own servicing and processing fees as well through those transactions. Uh but ultimately on the earnings call, they did talk about making sure that uh over this time in some of their estimates for GPV growth for the month of April, actual April results, they could differ from their estimates, not be reflective of performance for the full second quarter. So it's even making some of the forecasts net net a little bit more murky right now.
And then finally here, let's talk a little Reddit, continuing gains after swinging to a profit in the most recent quarter. In addition to earning 13 cents a share in the first quarter, Reddit also reported a 31% gain in daily active users and a 61% increase in advertising revenue. Reddit issuing strong guidance for the second quarter, expecting continued gains and revenue between 410 and $430 million shares higher pre-market by three point uh 3.6% right now.
Yeah, it's it's a beat across the board. I'm taking a look at the note from Laura Needham, who we're going to talk to in a minute here about some of these results, but calling it a strong first quarter of 2025, raising the estimate and the price target for the stock, talking about that 61% year-on-year revenue growth. As you mentioned, Brad, add revenue up 61% year over year. Also taking a look at logged in users up 23%, daily active users up 31%. Huge beats across the board. And this, of course, coming from a company that was very successful post IPO, did have a tiny little weakness. I believe last quarter here and now seeing that recovery to the upside uh in an environment where not everybody is winning when it comes to ad revenue on the internet right now. And you can scan the QR code to track the best and worst performing stocks with Yahoo finances trending ticker page.
There's no need to track down complicated and obscure businesses. Some of the market's best income-producing stocks are hiding in plain sight.
↘️ Block (XYZ): The Cash App parent posted a drop in quarterly results and cut its annual guidance. It flagged a "pronounced shift" in consumer behavior, saying users had cut back on non-essentials. Shares cratered 20%.
Big tech, including Amazon, Alphabet and Microsoft, has raced to build enough data centers to meet spiking demand for generative AI training and tools. Alibaba's Joe Tsai, and other industry observers have voiced concerns that overspending in the sector could be outpacing demand. Marc Ganzi, The CEO of the digital infrastructure firm DigitalBridge, joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about what kind of demand he's seeing on the ground.
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Listed 20 Best Performing Stocks of the Last 20 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against the other stocks. Discussing two decades of Mad Money, Jim Cramer took a moment to highlight the top-performing stocks since the […]
Nvidia  shares were up 2.7% at $114.57 in early trading.  Amazon gave a reassuring look at trends of spending on artificial-intelligence infrastructure as its first-quarter capital expenditure came to $24.3 billion, up from $13.9 billion in the same period the previous year, in its earnings report on Thursday.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio