Title: Nvidia faces $5.5 billion charge as US restricts chip sales to China
Date: 2025-04-15 21:33
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-expects-5-5-billion-213321749.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results By Stephen Nellis and Karen Freifeld (Reuters) - Nvidia on Tuesday said it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips. Nvidia's AI chips have been a key focus of U.S. export controls as U.S. officials have moved to keep the most advanced chips from being sold to China as the U.S. tries to keep ahead in the AI race. After those controls were implemented, Nvidia began designing chips that would come as close as possible to U.S. limits. Nvidia shares were down about 6% in after-hours trading. A U.S. Commerce Department spokesperson said late on Tuesday that it was issuing new licensing requirements for exports of chips including Nvidia's H20, AMD's MI308 and their equivalents. "The Commerce Department is committed to acting on the President's directive to safeguard our national and economic security," said the spokesperson of the department that oversees U.S. export controls. AMD did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Its shares were down 7% in after-hours trading. For Nvidia, the H20 is its most advanced chip available for sale in China and is central to its efforts to stay engaged with China's booming AI industry. Chinese companies including Tencent, Alibaba and TikTok parent ByteDance had been ramping up orders for H20 chips due to booming demand for low-cost AI models from startup DeepSeek, Reuters reported in February. While the H20 chip is not as fast at training AI models as Nvidia's chips for sale outside China, it is competitive with some of those chips at a step known as inference, where AI models serve up answers to users. Inference is fast becoming the biggest part of the AI chip market. Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang last month argued that Nvidia is well positioned to dominate that shift. But Nvidia said on Tuesday that the U.S. government was restricting H20 sales to China because of the risk the chips could be used in a supercomputer. While the H20 has lower computing capabilities than other Nvidia chips, its ability to connect to memory chips and other computing chips at high speeds is still high. Those memory and connectivity aspects could make the H20 useful in building supercomputers in China, and the U.S. has placed restrictions on selling chips for use in supercomputers in China since 2022. The Institute for Progress, a nonpartisan think tank in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday argued for restricting H20 chips, writing that Chinese firms were likely already building such systems. "At least one of the buyers, Tencent, has already installed H20s in a facility used to train a large model, very likely in breach of existing controls restricting the usage of chips in supercomputers exceeding certain thresholds. DeepSeek’s supercomputer used to train their V3 model is also likely in breach of the same restrictions," the group wrote. Nvidia said on Tuesday that the U.S. government informed it on April 9 that the H20 chip would require a license to be exported to China and on April 14 it told Nvidia those rules would be in place indefinitely. It is unclear how many, if any, of those licenses the U.S. government might grant. Nvidia declined to comment beyond its filing. The $5.5 billion in charges are associated with H20 products for inventory, purchase commitments and related reserves, Nvidia said. The news comes after Nvidia said on Monday it was planning to build AI servers worth as much as $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years with help from partners such as TSMC, in step with the Trump administration's push for local manufacturing. (Reporting by Stephen Nellis in San Francisco, Karen Freifeld in New York, and Utkarsh Shetti in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Jamie Freed) BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — The White House is urging Colombia to halt the implementation of new auto safety regulations that could jeopardize American car exports to Colombia, as both nations prepare to discuss tariffs recently imposed on Colombian products including coffee, avocados, flowers and oil. ZURICH (Reuters) -Optimism in parts of the U.S. construction industry has fallen in the wake of President Donald Trump's unpredictable trade policies, construction chemicals maker Sika's Chief Executive Thomas Hasler said on Tuesday.  "We had a very strong start to the year and people were very optimistic about infrastructure investments and reshoring," Hasler told Reuters after the Swiss company reported first-quarter sales on Tuesday.  But the mood changed following Trump's announcement of tariffs on Mexico and Canada, which created uncertainty among U.S. companies, he said. SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — A consumer advocacy group filed a lawsuit this week to block insurers from charging California customers for $500 million in costs associated with the deadly Los Angeles fires. As Canada faces a labour shortage in the trades, how will so many promised projects get off the ground? SANTIAGO (Reuters) -Chile, Canada and Peru - three of the largest copper suppliers to the United States - have told President Donald Trump's administration that imports of the metal from their countries do not threaten U.S. security interests and should not face potential tariffs.  The comments by the three countries come during an escalating tariff war between the United States and nearly every trading partner on which it relies.  Copper is used in construction, transportation, electronics and many other industries. BEIJING/CHICAGO (Reuters) -Global grain merchant Archer-Daniels-Midland has begun shutting down domestic trading operations in China and laying off staff within its largest business segment as part of a global cost-cutting push, the company said on Monday.  The company did not disclose the number of layoffs, but a source familiar with the matter said job cuts would impact 40 to 50 employees, leaving only around 10 staff in the financial hub of Shanghai.  "The entire Ag Services and Oilseeds team in China has essentially been let go," the source said, referring to ADM's largest business segment. U.S. President Donald Trump's trade war with China comes at a bad time for sorghum growers like Dan Atkisson in Kansas, who is nevertheless preparing to increase plantings by 25% this spring.  China accounted for nearly 90% of U.S. sorghum exports last year, ramping up purchases of the crop it uses to feed livestock and make fiery baijiu liquor.  U.S. sorghum exports to China dropped to 78,316 metric tons in January and February from more than 1.4 million metric tons over the same period a year earlier, down 95%, according to U.S. government data. When Brazil hiked trade barriers in its auto market over a decade ago, the government promised more local manufacturing, reliable jobs and better cars.  As the U.S. auto industry confronts major tariffs imposed by President Donald Trump, executives and analysts are drawing parallels with Brazil, once the world's fourth-largest auto market and now a case study in the dangers of protectionism.  Philipp Schiemer, former head of Mercedes-Benz in Brazil and Latin America, learned some of those lessons the hard way as he opened a plant in Sao Paulo making luxury cars, which was shut down in 2020. PARIS (Reuters) -Nearly three dozen global pharmaceutical companies, in a letter to the head of the European Commission, demanded help to maintain operations in the EU despite threatened U.S. tariffs on imports, including measures to compensate them for the cost of pharmaceutical innovations, French business newspaper Les Echos reported on Tuesday.  In the letter sent to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, the companies -- including Pfizer, Eli Lilly and AstraZeneca -- said they face cost disadvantages in Europe versus the United States, where drugs are sold at prices that on average are twice that of some European countries, such as France, Les Echos reported. Global sales of electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles rose 29% year-on-year in March, helped by growth in China and Europe, while EV growth in North America was hampered by U.S. President Donald Trump's stance towards emissions standards and uncertainties around tariffs, data showed on Tuesday.  U.S. tariffs on car imports may force some of the country's automakers which produce in neighbouring Mexico to readjust prices, or move their production, Rho Motion data manager Charles Lester said.  Chinese counter-tariffs, meanwhile, could affect Tesla's U.S.-made models, leading to an almost doubling in prices of its Model S and Model X cars sold in China, Lester said. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
