Title: Nvidia and 29 Other Stocks to Play AI
Date: 2025-05-08 19:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/3cdcf506-0f0c-308a-8e5b-b3119507bd40/nvidia-and-29-other-stocks-to.html?.tsrc=rss

While tariffs have caused tech stocks to bend, they won’t break, a longtime bull says. The technology sector has been one of the harder-hit areas during the 2025 market downturn. Perhaps most obviously, the artificial intelligence genie can’t be put back in the bottle. Uncertainty over the Trump administration's policy on the export of AI chips weighed on Nvidia stock and others on Thursday. The latest trading day saw Dell Technologies (DELL) settling at $95.79, representing a +1.96% change from its previous close. Artificial intelligence chip king Nvidia rose above its 21-day average on April 25, topped its 50-day on May 1 and continued to climb.  After getting hit earlier this year due to concerns about AI chip growth slowing amid rising competition, and possible tariff repercussions, Nvidia has risen since late April.  The jump puts Nvidia just below a key benchmark. Nvidia stock rose 3% to end the trading day Wednesday following a Bloomberg report that the Trump administration plans to repeal AI chip export restrictions put into place under former President Joe Biden. In a rising market, the iconic growth investor is adding to positions trading well below their earlier highs. CMG benefits from strategic innovation, menu success, operational upgrades and robust unit expansion. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.