Title: Nvidia and other chipmakers are getting a big win as Trump kills the 'AI diffusion rule'
Date: 2025-05-08 17:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-trump-killing-ai-diffusion-162500313.html?.tsrc=rss

The U.S. government plans to withdraw a rule introduced under the Biden administration that had aimed to restrict exports of advanced AI chips — a policy that had posed challenges for major semiconductor companies like Nvidia (NVDA) and AMD (AMD). “The Biden AI rule is overly complex, overly bureaucratic and would stymie American innovation,” a spokeswoman from the Commerce Department said in a statement. The Trump administration intends to issue a revised version of the rule, which was set to come into effect on May 15. This process could take months to finalize, sources toldAxios. The regulation in question — titled theFramework for Artificial Intelligence Diffusion— would have limited exports of AI chips to over 100 countries. These restrictions aimed to prevent countries from bypassing U.S. export controls, particularly in relation to China. Chipmakers had criticized the rules, however. They argued it would give an advantage to Chinese competitors, such as Huawei, as they develop and sell their own AI hardware, foregoing an opportunity to ensure that much of the world would rely on American technology. The rule would have affected Nvidia’s ability to sell its high-demand graphics processing units, or GPUs, in markets such as India, Mexico, Singapore, and Switzerland. The shift could reflect a relaxing stance toward regulating AI, offering a momentary boon for chipmakers. Since Bloomberg firstreportedthe reversal on Wednesday, Nvidia and AMD stocks have gained 4.4% and 3.4%, respectively. But any respite could prove temporary, and obstacles persist when it comes to accessing the crucial Chinese market. Nvidia’s most powerful chips, including the A100 and H100, are already banned from export to China, as a result of Biden-era restrictions. Last month the Trump administration also introduced new license requirements for less powerful chips by Nvidia and AMD in order to comply with export controls. Nvidia said these requirements on its H20 chips had resulted in a $5.5 billion hit to its quarterly earnings, according to a Securities and Exchange Commissionfiling. The company’s earnings are scheduled to be released May 28. For the latest news,Facebook,TwitterandInstagram. We recently published a list of 11 Most Promising Future Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other most promising future stocks to buy now. The past year has seen investors pour money into futuristic trends such as electric vehicles […] Shipments jumped 34 percent year over year to $12 billion in April, while imports from China grew 31 percent, fueling U.S. duty-evasion concerns. Nvidia reports earnings for the first quarter later this month, and history offers an indicator of what direction the stock should move in from here. In a rising market, the iconic growth investor is adding to positions trading well below their earlier highs. 401(k) funding changes for 2025 now allow investors of a certain age to contribute $11,250 in catch-up funds This super-funding opportunity is available to investors ages 60-63 The changes are good news for Gen X'ers in particular, as only 54% believe they are financially prepared for retirement The IRS has introduced some 401(k) funding changes for 2025 that allow older investors to contribute additional funds to their plans. According to a survey by Northwestern Mutual, Americans need $1.26 mi The entertainment company joins SeaWorld, Legoland and Six Flags with its planned park in Abu Dhabi. Palantir stock has soared 1,000% over the past three years and is trading at a lofty valuation today.  The company continues to wow investors with soaring revenue and a solid balance of growth and profitability.  Amid market turmoil and questions about the economy ahead, investors wondered if Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ: PLTR)  would show signs of a slowdown when it reported earnings earlier this week. Nvidia stock rose 3% to end the trading day Wednesday following a Bloomberg report that the Trump administration plans to repeal AI chip export restrictions put into place under former President Joe Biden. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.