Why Are Nvidia Shares Climbing Today
2025-05-01 17-24
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-nvidia-shares-climbing-today-172416962.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) rose more than 4% on Thursday after a report said the Trump administration is considering easing export restrictions on AI chips to the United Arab Emirates, ahead of President Trump's Middle East trip scheduled for May 13 to 16.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA.
The White House is weighing a bilateral chip agreement that could allow Nvidia to ship more AI accelerators to the UAE. The move would partially roll back the Biden-era AI Diffusion Rule, which limits advanced chip exports to mitigate foreign threats. The UAE is currently classified in the second tier of the rule, capping its AI chip access despite its clearance to purchase F-35 fighter jets.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang reportedly urged the administration earlier this week to revise the export policy. A company spokesperson declined to comment.
The proposed deal follows a visit by UAE national security adviser Sheikh Tahnoon bin Zayed Al Nahyan, who pledged to invest $1.4 trillion in the U.S. over the next decade across sectors including semiconductors and AI.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
Jensen Huang has a shocking take on the AI diffusion rule.
Planet Fitness (PLNT) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
DraftKings (DKNG) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.