Title: NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)_ Shielded from China Tariffs, Says BofA
Date: 2025-04-15 17:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-corporation-nvda-shielded-china-171432126.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to artificial intelligence. Despite the continued buzz around the technology, no one seems interested in buying the falling stocks. Fluctuating tariff policies from the Trump administration have concerned Wall Street and disrupted global supply chains. The cost of AI infrastructure has increased drastically, especially for companies relying on imported components. READ ALSO: 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention and 9 Trending AI Stocks Making Headlines Today. The narrative around AI stocks has also begun to change because investors are critiquing that prices have become too expensive, and because there is intensifying competition from Chinese companies developing their own AI offerings. In the latest news, seven Republican U.S. senators have also sent a letter to U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick. The letter urges him to get rid of a Biden administration rule that restricts global access to AI chips before it kicks in next month. The letter claims that the AI diffusion rule will deter U.S. leadership in artificial intelligence, which is why it demands an “immediate action” to halt it. The rule is set to take effect on May 15. “Every day this rule remains in place, American companies face mounting uncertainty, stalled investments, and the risk of losing critical global partnerships that cannot be easily regained. We urge you to withdraw this rule and propose an alternative that is effective in preventing Communist China from capturing the world market in leading technology without compromising American advantages.” It also noted how the rule puts countries into three tiers, with only 18 nations in the Tier 1 group with the easiest access to American technology. Those in tier 2 have to face “arbitrary purchase limits and a cumbersome licensing process.” Meanwhile, it asserted that Tier 3 countries are already “rightly restricted.” For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A close-up of a colorful high-end graphics card being plugged in to a gaming computer. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 223 NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) specializes in AI-driven solutions, offering platforms for data centers, self-driving cars, robotics, and cloud services. One of the biggest analyst calls on Monday, April 14, was for Nvidia Corporation. Bank of America reiterated the stock as “Buy,” stating that the company is somewhat protected from the China-U.S. tariff war. “Hence companies with large US-based footprints serving China are most negatively exposed, such as INTC and TXN, while companies with overseas fab support such as AMD , NVDA , AVGO , MRVL and others are less exposed to announced China tariffs.” Analysts on Wall Street currently have a consensus “Buy” rating on the stock. The average price target of $175 implies a 58% upside, however, the Street-high target of $235 implies an upside of 113%. Overall, NVDA ranks 4th on our list of AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks […] We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the […] The Dow Jones and S&P 500 retreated Tuesday afternoon after rising earlier in the session. A rocket name surged on the stock market today. The Trump administration launched a trade probe into semiconductors that could lead to tariffs and broaden an already sweeping trade war. The Commerce Department is looking at how the importing of chips impacts national security. Mandeep Singh of Bloomberg Intelligence talks about how this could impact chip makers Nvidia and TSMC. Mag-7 stocks are in the deep correction zone now, and valuation is down to the pre-ChatGPT level. Although the group has fallen from grace, core strengths remain intact. To the relief of anyone with an aging iPhone, the Trump administration exempted smartphones, computers, and other tech products from its punishing tariffs on Chinese imports over the weekend. While Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) has geographically diversified its supply chain, the company still relies heavily on Chinese manufacturing partners for its devices. Absent any special treatment, prices in the U.S. on Apple products would have likely risen substantially due to the tariffs. We recently published a list of the 10 Best Oil Stocks to Invest in According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY) stands against other best oil stocks. After an encouraging start to the year, the energy sector is once again lagging behind the […] Let's take a look at the two best-performing Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI) companies to see if they're worth buying today. UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH) is one of the most resilient stocks on the market. There was no major company-specific news out on UnitedHealth in March, and investors seem to be returning to the stock after it tumbled following the assassination of one of its executives in December 2024. Intel is selling 51% of Altera for $8.75 billion to private-equity firm Silver Lake. Intel bought it a decade ago for $16.7 billion. The initiative is said to mark the first time the company’s AI infrastructure will be fully produced in the US. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
