Magnificent Seven Stocks_ Nvidia, Tesla Rally; Meta, Microsoft Surge On Earnings
2025-05-01 17-34
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4205eaa9-f620-3a0b-a81a-0e82c7c9fd0b/magnificent-seven-stocks%3A.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia and Tesla rallied on the stock market today. Microsoft and Meta surged on earnings. Amazon and Apple earnings are up next.
We recently published a list of 12 AI Stocks Making Waves Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks making waves today. China’s foreign ministry recently released a video on its social media feeds, complete with a voice-over in American-accented English, comparing […]
Nvidia’s (NVDA) shares are not fully pricing in all of its upbeat catalysts, and it’s “certainly a buy,” Keybanc analyst John Vinh told Yahoo Finance recently. Moreover, it’s “a bit premature” to be concerned about Nvidia’s competition from custom AI chip makers, Vinh believes. NVDA’s Attractive Valuation NVDA stock is failing to price in “everything,” […]
A US judge ordered Apple to immediately decrease its App Store fees and asked for criminal prosecutors to review the company's alleged 'cover-up,' jeopardizing billions in revenue for the tech giant.
Shares looked to open significantly lower after the AI server maker said earnings will likely be far below what Wall Street was expecting.
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) will release its third-quarter financial results after the closing bell on Wednesday, April 30. Analysts expect the Redmond, Washington-based company to report quarterly earnings at $3.22 per share. That’s up from $2.94 per share last year. Microsoft projects quarterly revenue of $68.44 billion, compared to $61.86 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. The company has beaten analyst revenue estimates in eight straight quarters and nine of
Eli Lilly’s  first quarter was a bit better than Wall Street had anticipated, but it wasn’t enough for traders on Thursday morning, and the stock fell as  Novo Nordisk  ramped up efforts to claw back weight-loss market share.  Lilly’s weight-loss drug is the best available, and the company says it now has 53.3% of the U.S. market for incretin analogues, the class of drugs that includes its medicines Zepbound and Mounjaro.  Shares have been climbing, and the stock is up 18.9% over the past 12 months while shares of rival Novo are down 46.4% over the same period.
As the US pushes to reduce its reliance on Chinese-made vehicles, the EV market finds itself at the centre of a deepening trade policy divide. With rising tariffs and a renewed focus on internal combustion engine vehicles, the American EV sector faces mounting headwinds and intensifying global competition. Two presidents, two visions for EVs The…
FEATURE   Tesla stock rose Thursday as investors wondered what the company—and shares—would be like without CEO Elon Musk at the helm. It wouldn’t be good.  Shares of the electric vehicle maker jumped 2.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.