Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang Sounds Alarm As 50% Of AI Researchers Are Chinese, Urges America To Reskill 
2025-05-02 03-59
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-ceo-jensen-huang-sounds-035916833.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
NVIDIA Corp. (NASDAQ:NVDA) CEO Jensen Huang has urged American policymakers on Thursday to fully embrace artificial intelligence as a long-term strategic priority that demands national investment in workforce development.
What Happened: Huang, speaking at Hill & Valley Forum in Washington, DC, said, "To lead, the U.S. must embrace the technology, invest in reskilling, and equip every worker to build with it."
Huang stressed the importance of understanding competitive advantages in the AI race, noting that “50% of the world’s AI researchers are Chinese” — a factor he says must “play into how we think about the game.”
Trending: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing — this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share.
Huang compared today’s AI revolution to previous industrial transformations, arguing that the United States succeeded historically because it “applied steel, applied energy faster than any country,” rather than worrying about labor displacement.
“This is an infinite game,” Huang said.

See Also: Donald Trump just announced a $500 billion AI infrastructure deal — here's how you can invest in the entertainment market's next big disruptor at $2.25 per share.Why It Matters: Huang’s comments come amid escalating U.S.-China tensions over AI chip exports. Recently, Nvidia faced new export restrictions affecting its H20 processor sales to China, which the company estimates will reduce earnings by $5.5 billion.
During his recent GTC 2025 keynote, Huang unveiled Groot N1, a foundation model for humanoid robots, addressing what he describes as a looming global labor shortage. “By the end of this decade, the world is going to be at least 50 million workers short,” he said, suggesting robots could fill these gaps.
Despite supply constraints for Nvidia’s in-demand Blackwell chips, Huang remains optimistic, telling Fox Business Network that “demand is just incredible” as the company works to scale production. He predicts AI will eventually handle “20, 30, 40% of 100% of the jobs in the world,” emphasizing the importance of workforce adaptation.Read Next:
Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold.
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
Send To MSN:  Send to MSN
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK. Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This article Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang Sounds Alarm As 50% Of AI Researchers Are Chinese, Urges America To Reskill Amid 'Infinite Game' originally appeared on Benzinga.com
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...