Title: Nvidia to Build Blackwell AI Chips and Supercomputers in Arizona, Texas
Date: 2025-04-14 17:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-build-blackwell-ai-chips-172137145.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) said Mondayit plans to manufacture and test its Blackwell AI chipsand supercomputers in the United States, following the recent tariff reprieve on semiconductors and electronics.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA.
The company has secured over one million square feet of manufacturing space to support its domestic operations, including facilities in Arizona for chip production and Texas for building AI supercomputers. Shares of Nvidia rose more than 3.5% in premarket trading following the announcement.
Nvidia is partnering with Amkor Technology (NASDAQ:AMKR) and SPIL for packaging and testing work in Arizona. Founder and CEO Jensen Huang said the move enhances supply chain strength and improves the company's ability to meet increasing demand for AI infrastructure.
Production of the Blackwell GPUs has already begun at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing's (NYSE:TSM) fabrication facility in Phoenix. Meanwhile, Nvidia is working with Foxconn on supercomputer production in Houston and with Wistron on similar efforts in Dallas.
Nvidia said it expects both Texas-based plants to begin mass production within the next 12 to 15 months.
This article first appeared onGuruFocus.
British bank Barclays maintained its bullish stance on Chinese tech giant Alibaba (BABA) today, while CNBC commentator and professional investor Steve Weiss reported that he had recently bought more shares of Taiwan Semi (TSM). Why Barclays Remains Upbeat on BABA Barclays noted that the growth of BABA’s cloud business is accelerating, and the bank predicts […]
A flurry of tariff news has spurred volatility in Nvidia in April.  Nvidia stock gained 19% on Wednesday amid a historic rally when President Trump announced a 90-day tariff pause for most countries.  Meanwhile, Nvidia announced that it plans to make artificial intelligence supercomputers entirely in the U.S.
Nvidia will build Blackwell chips in Arizona and AI supercomputers in Texas to meet surging AI demand.
Roper Technologies (ROP) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.
Nvidia announced Monday that it will produce its artificial intelligence super computers in the United States for the first time.  The tech giant said it has commissioned more than one million square feet of manufacturing space to build and test its specialized Blackwell chips in Arizona and AI supercomputers in Texas — part of an investment the company said will produce up to half a trillion dollars of AI infrastructure in the next four years.  “The engines of the world’s AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time,” Nvidia founder Jensen Huang said in a statement.
The trade war between the United States and China is heating up and is leading investors to gobble up rare earth mineral stock MP Materials (NYSE: MP), which operates the only rare earth mine and processing facility in the United States.  As of 11:25 a.m. ET, shares of MP Materials have soared 22.7%, while the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) has jumped 1.1%.  Throughout the morning, there have been reports emerging that suggest President Donald Trump plans to announce an executive order that will permit the United States to begin the stockpiling of rare earth minerals.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been on […]
Nvidia on Monday announced plans to build supercomputers entirely in the U.S., with the chipmaker and its partners set to invest up to $500 billion in American AI infrastructure.
Chinese e-commerce juggernaut Alibaba Group Holdings (NYSE:BABA) restructured artificial intelligence (AI) assistant app Quark topped ByteDance’s Doubao to become China’s most popular AI app in March. Quark clocked close to 150 million monthly active users (MAUs) worldwide, followed by ByteDance’s Doubao and DeepSeek, which had almost 100 million and around 77 million users, respectively, SCMP reported Monday, citing Aicpb.com. Alibaba stock is trading higher on Monday. Also Read: Use AI Respons
A tariff-induced selloff in the U.S. stock market faces another worry, the "death cross" pattern, but history shows the ominous sounding technical signal may not necessarily mean equities face more significant downside.  A death cross occurs when the 50-day moving average (DMA), seen by technicians as a proxy for the intermediate-term trend, slips below the 200-DMA, a proxy for the long-term trend.  Technical analysts view the occurrence as marking a spot where a shorter-term correction could turn into a longer-term downtrend.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.