Title: The tech world aggressively backed Trump. It couldn't stop his tariffs.
Date: 2025-04-09 19:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-tech-world-aggressively-backed-trump-it-couldnt-stop-his-tariffs-192914454.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Tech companies and their CEOs lavished President Trump with praise and cash for his Jan. 20 inauguration in the hopes that doing so would spare them from his policy decisions and improve their standing in his administration. Apple (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook and OpenAI’s Sam Altman donated $1 million to Trump’s inauguration committee, as did Amazon (AMZN), Google (GOOG, GOOGL), Meta (META), and Microsoft (MSFT). Since Trump took office, Apple has pledged to invest $500 billion in the US, while Microsoft said it would spend $80 billion. TSMC (TSM), OpenAI, and Oracle (ORCL) plan to spend $500 billion on their Project Stargate AI data centers. The companies stood to benefit handsomely from a second Trump administration. From immigration reform to cutting government spending and hopes of avoiding antitrust trials, tech companies were high on Trump leading into and in the early weeks of his administration. But nothing could save them from Trump’s “Liberation Day” tariffs. As of Wednesday morning, the tech-heavy Nasdaq (^IXIC) was off more than 12%. Shares of Apple collapsed 19% in the past five trading days, while Meta plummeted 11%. Amazon shares were off 10%, Nvidia was down 8.9%, and Google and Microsoft fell 6.9% and 5.1%, respectively. And things didn't improve until Trump announced a 90-day pause on tariffs, with the exception of those put on China. In fact, he boosted those from 104% to 125% for a "lack of respect." And that's left Wall Street as unsure as ever. Apple has some of the highest tariff exposure among tech heavyweights. The company still makes the majority of its iPhones in China, despite efforts to move production to India, among other countries. And with the Trump administration announcing further duties on goods imported from China on Tuesday, Apple is staring down the prospect of hiking prices on its flagship product or seeing its margins shrink. During a press briefing on Tuesday, White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt said Trump "believes we have the labor, we have the workforce, we have the resources" to bring iPhone manufacturing to the US. While moving manufacturing to the US would eliminate tariffs on completed iPhones, the prospect of doing so isn’t exactly easy, and it could mean huge price increases for consumers. “The reality is it would take 3 years and $30 billion dollars in our estimation to move even 10% of its supply chain from Asia to the US with major disruption in the process,” Wedbush analyst Dan Ives wrote in an investor note Sunday. “The concept of making iPhones in the US is a non-starter in our view at $1,000. Price points would move up so dramatically it's hard to comprehend and the near-term margin impact on Apple's gross margins during this tariff war could be mind boggling for this US tech stalwart,” he added. Apple managed to dodge the worst of Trump’s tariffs on Chinese goods during his first term, but it’s unclear if the company will win a similar reprieve this time around. Amazon’s e-commerce sales also face serious tariff threats, as its third-party sellers regularly offer goods imported from countries including China. Those sellers will in turn raise prices, which could have shoppers thinking twice about making purchases on everything from sneakers to computers. Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet Amazon, along with rivals Google, Meta, and Microsoft, will also have to contend with rising data center construction costs, Yahoo Finance’s Laura Bratton reported, as infrastructure expenses increase thanks to tariffs on things like steel. Google and Meta could also face a slowdown in ad sales as customers grapple with tariffs shrinking their margins. So far, semiconductors are exempt from Trump’s tariffs, but that doesn’t include products with semiconductors inside of them, like laptops, tablets, and TVs. There’s no telling when and if Trump will reverse course on his tariff plans, either. The White House says countries around the world are calling to discuss trade negotiations, but that doesn’t mean any deals will come together quickly. In the meantime, the tech giants that sought Trump’s favor are now faced with the aftermath of his trade policies. Email Daniel Howley at dhowley@yahoofinance.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Cognizant teams up with OMRON to transform manufacturing with IT-OT integration, offering smart solutions for enhanced productivity and sustainability. The recently-battered Magnificent Seven stocks got some much-needed relief in the form of Trump's tariff pause. Tesla shares climbed more than 17%, while Nvidia and Meta shares also notched double-digit gains. Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far. Walmart, Apple, Tesla, and Nvidia shares jump after President Donald Trump says he will be delaying tariffs above 10% on some countries for 90 days. Investment bank TD Cowen lowered its price target on Nvidia (NVDA) stock to $140 from $175 today but kept a Buy rating on the shares. NVDA Has Many Positive Attributes, TD Cowen Says The chip maker should be boosted by its strong technology, while the firm’s long-term outlook is positive, according to the investment bank. […] The sweeping tariffs imposed by the Trump administration — including a 104% duty on Chinese imports — have one analyst calling the move an “Armageddon scenario” for the U.S. technology sector. The planned American export controls on the chips — the most advanced AI processor legally available in China under U.S. export controls — had been in the works for months, NPR reported, citing two sources, and were ready to be implemented as soon as this week.  The change in plans came after Nvidia promised the Trump administration new U.S. investments in AI data centers, the NPR report said.  The White House and Nvidia did not immediately respond to Reuters' requests for comment. Teens appear to be staying upbeat on the economy despite a sliding stock market and slowing economic growth. As President Trump’s tariffs took effect, the fund manager famous for her aggressive bets on Tesla is calling for a coordinated fiscal and monetary policy stimulus to restore flagging market confidence. We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher Asset Management. […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
