Artificial Intelligence IPO CoreWeave Pops On Microsoft, Meta Earnings
2025-05-01 15-55
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4ff0eced-46b0-3e74-849d-c3742446f80a/artificial-intelligence-ipo.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
CoreWeave stock, a high profile artificial intelligence initial public offering this year, popped on Microsoft and Meta earnings reports.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says The Day “Everything’s A Lot More Expensive” Is Coming & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) stands against Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust’s other stock picks. Bill Gates has invested billions of […]
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) stands against Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust’s other stock picks. Bill Gates has invested billions of dollars in stocks […]
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) will release its third-quarter financial results after the closing bell on Wednesday, April 30. Analysts expect the Redmond, Washington-based company to report quarterly earnings at $3.22 per share. That’s up from $2.94 per share last year. Microsoft projects quarterly revenue of $68.44 billion, compared to $61.86 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. The company has beaten analyst revenue estimates in eight straight quarters and nine of
Caterpillar said Wednesday it anticipates that tariffs may increase its second-quarter costs by up to $350 million as its first-quarter sales slipped on declining demand for its equipment.  On Tuesday Trump signed an order relaxing some U.S. tariffs on imports of autos and auto parts.  In the first quarter, Caterpillar's revenue dropped to $14.25 billion from $15.8 billion a year earlier.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, is […]
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.