Title: Why NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Declined on Wednesday
Date: 2025-04-17 02:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-nvidia-corporation-nvda-declined-023358648.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The stock market fell sharply anew on Wednesday, with all major indices ending in the red, as investor sentiment was dampened by Federal Chairman Jerome Powell’s bearish comments on the US economy, saying that the US’ tariff policies could drive up inflation and “move us further away from our goals.”
The tech-heavy Nasdaq dropped the hardest, down 3.07 percent. The S&P 500 declined by 2.24 percent, and the Dow Jones was down by 1.73 percent.
To come up with the list of the stocks that declined on Wednesday, we only considered the stocks with $2 billion market capitalization and $5 million trading volume.
A close-up of a colorful high-end graphics card being plugged in to a gaming computer.
Chip giant NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) declined by 6.87 percent on Wednesday to close at $104.49 apiece as investors sold off positions after announcements that it would take a $5.5-billion financial beating from the US fresh restrictions on the export of its artificial intelligence chips to China.
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) fell by more than 10 percent at intra-day trading before buying positions pushed the company’s stock price to end slightly higher.
In a regulatory filing, NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) said that it was told by the US government on April 9 to require a license to export H20 graphics processing units to China, Hong Kong, Macau, and D:5 countries, among others.
“The USG indicated that the license requirement addresses the risk that the covered products may be used in, or diverted to, a supercomputer in China. On April 14, 2025, the USG informed the company that the license requirement will be in effect for the indefinite future,” NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) said.
“The company’s first quarter of fiscal year 2026 ends on April 27, 2025. First quarter results are expected to include up to approximately $5.5 billion of charges associated with H20 products for inventory, purchase commitments, and related reserves,” it underscored.
Overall NVDA ranks 9th on our list of the stocks that declined on Wednesday. While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. Insider Monkey focuses on uncovering the best investment ideas of hedge funds and insiders. Please subscribe to our free daily e-newsletter to get the latest investment ideas from hedge funds’ investor letters by entering your email address below.
New chip restrictions for Nvidia and AMD show the Trump administration’s determination to battle China on tech advances as well as trade.
Morgan Stanley analysts on Wednesday trimmed their revenue projections for Nvidia, citing concerns new chip export curbs to China are “more disruptive” than anticipated.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE: TSM) stock got hit with significant sell-offs in Wednesday's trading.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) and Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) fell 2.2% and 3.1% in the session, respectively.  TSMC's valuation moved lower today in conjunction with news of new export restrictions on Nvidia's processors, higher tariffs on China, and cautious commentary from Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell.
Nvidia said it expects new U.S. export restrictions to China will remain in place "indefinitely".
This popular candy brand launched an unexpected snack that might be even better than the original.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE: TSM), popularly known as TSMC, is the world's largest semiconductor foundry, which fabricates chips for the top consumer electronics companies and chip designers across the globe.  The world's leading companies, such as Nvidia, AMD, Broadcom, Sony, and Apple, tap TSMC's plants for manufacturing chips that power personal computers (PCs), smartphones, data centers, and gaming consoles, among others.  As a result, TSMC is in a solid position to benefit from the secular growth of the global semiconductor market, which is expected to hit $2 trillion in annual revenue in 2032.
The stock market fell sharply anew on Wednesday, with all major indices ending in the red, as investor sentiment was dampened by Federal Chairman Jerome Powell’s bearish comments on the US economy, saying that the US’ tariff policies could drive up inflation and “move us further away from our goals.” The tech-heavy Nasdaq dropped the […]
The stock market took a downward turn on Wednesday after Nvidia said it would take a $5.5 billion charge due to U.S. export restrictions on H20 processors to China and other countries.  The trade war came for some of the biggest names in the semiconductor industry Wednesday, shaking investor confidence and ending this week’s brief calm on stock markets.  Shares of  Nvidia Advanced Micro Devices  and other large chip companies fell early in the day as investors digested the announcement of new U.S. restrictions on exports to China.
OpenAI says that it deployed a new system to monitor its latest AI reasoning models, o3 and o4-mini, for prompts related to biological and chemical threats. The system aims to prevent the models from offering advice that could instruct someone on carrying out potentially harmful attacks, according to OpenAI's safety report. O3 and o4-mini represent a meaningful capability increase over OpenAI's previous models, the company says, and thus pose new risks in the hands of bad actors. According to Op
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Wednesday the central bank will 'wait for greater clarity' before considering any changes to interest rates as he expects President Trump’s tariffs to generate 'higher inflation and slower growth.'
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
