Title: Shares skid in Asia as Nvidia curbs fan worries, gold surges to record
Date: 2025-04-16 02:38:49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shares-fall-asia-nvidia-curbs-023849824.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. By Stella Qiu SYDNEY (Reuters) -Shares fell in Asia on Wednesday as AI darling Nvidia took a hit from U.S. curbs on chip sales to China, highlighting the damage to come in a tit-for-tat global trade war, while gold hit a record and the safe-haven currencies jumped. Treasury yields were steady ahead of a key speech from Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell later in the day. Traders are wondering if he will echo the surprisingly dovish tone set by his colleague Fed Governor Christopher Waller, or stay more balanced. Overnight, Washington issued new export licensing requirements for Nvidia's H20 and AMD's MI308 artificial intelligence chips to China. Nvidia's shares slumped 6% in after-hours trading, after it said the move would cost $5.5 billion. "This disclosure is a clear sign that Nvidia now has massive restrictions and hurdles in selling to China," said Daniel Ives, analyst at Wedbush Securities. "The Street will take this news with clear nervousness worried these are the first shots fired in the tech battle between the US and China and Beijing/Xi are not just going to take this news and walk away." Separately, President Donald Trump ordered a probe into potential new tariffs on all U.S. critical minerals imports, on top of reviews into pharmaceutical and chip imports. Beijing is continuing to play hardball, having reportedly ordered airlines to suspend deliveries of Boeing aircraft. The sell-off in Asian stocks gathered pace in the afternoon. S&P 500 futures fell 1.5% while Nasdaq futures slumped 2.3%. The gloom is set to spread to Europe, with EURO STOXX 50 futures pointing to a 1.5% drop at the open. On Wednesday, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 1.4%, snapping a four-day winning streak. Japan's Nikkei dropped 1.6%. Chinese blue chips fell 0.7% as investors failed to find much solace in some solid GDP data that predated the tariff increases in April. Hong Kong's Hang Seng slumped 2.7%. "Both countries seem to believe they have the upper hand, potentially prolonging the current stalemate for months to come," said analysts at PGIM Fixed Income in a note to clients. "China appears to have no intention of climbing down from its current stance on tariffs and instead views the current trade dynamics as an opportunity to make inroads with countries that export to the U.S." The White House said Trump is open to making a trade deal with China but Beijing should make the first move. GOLD SHINES All of the uncertainties left gold in an unstoppable position, with the bullion up 2% to hit another record high of $3,290 per ounce. ANZ on Wednesday updated their forecast for gold to hit $3,600 an ounce by the year-end, arguing that the risk-off purchases for the asset are yet to pick up. The step down in risk appetite is evident via rises in the Japanese yen and Swiss franc. The dollar lost 1.1% to 0.8145 Swiss franc and fell 0.7% to 142.32 yen. Bank of Japan Governor Kazuo Ueda told the Sankei newspaper that the central bank may need to take policy action if U.S. tariffs hurt the Japanese economy, signalling the potential to pause the bank's rate-hike cycle. U.S. Treasuries, however, failed to draw support from the risk aversion and were steady on Wednesday. The benchmark 10-year yield was steady at 4.325%, well off the recent high of 4.592%. The 30-year yield was little changed at 4.777%, also some 25 basis points lower from the high seen last week. Oil prices were lower. Brent fell 1.1% at $63.99 a barrel, while U.S. crude also dropped 1.1% to $60.65 per barrel. (Reporting by Stella Qiu; Editing by Saad Sayeed) (Bloomberg) -- Wall Street on Monday finally caught a respite from the deep selloffs and unusually sharp swings that have raced through markets ever since President Donald Trump unleashed his global trade war. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago P China's economy grew 5.4% year-on-year in the first quarter, data showed on Wednesday, beating expectations, but an escalating trade war with the United States has darkened the outlook and raised pressure on Beijing to roll out more stimulus.  Beijing is aiming for economic growth of "around 5%" this year, a goal analysts say is ambitious given a protracted property downturn, sluggish domestic demand and U.S. President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs on Chinese goods. Nvidia shares plummeted 8% after the U.S. banned its H20 chip sales to China, impacting equities and the crypto market. (Bloomberg) -- Republicans in the White House, Senate and House are drafting analyses on how best to craft a new tax bracket for the wealthiest Americans, work that signals the GOP under President Donald Trump is seriously considering ideas to raise taxes on the rich.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Trai Chinese sellers of items from lunch boxes to appliances have taken to social media platform Rednote to generate sympathy purchases, telling domestic consumers they are offloading stock at bargain prices amid U.S. tariffs.  Over the past week, dozens of sellers have broadcast livestreams showing goods produced for U.S. customers, which they said they could no longer sell because of tariff rates of 145% for made-in-China goods imposed by President Donald Trump's administration.  Some of the sellers sold items such as Costa Coffee mugs, but most were brands not widely known abroad, such as OSTMARS and APLX, which are sold on Amazon. The U.S. government ”indicated that the license requirement addresses the risk that the covered products may be used in, or diverted to, a supercomputer in China,” Nvidia said. (Bloomberg) -- Technology stocks fell as new US government restrictions on the export of Nvidia Corp. chips to China and a disappointing report from Dutch chip-equipment maker ASML Holding NV fanned trade war concerns.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingPresident Donald We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks on the Move. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks on the move. Market uncertainty aside, the AI race is tighter than ever. A report by Stanford University’s Institute for Human-Centered AI (HAI) […] If the administration levies long-term tariffs, a wide array of consumer electronics OEMs will be impacted. Nvidia's announcement brings Big Tech’s investment pledges to US AI infrastructure to just north of $1.6 trillion since Trump's inauguration. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.