Title: Top Stock Reports for NVIDIA, Abbott Laboratories & Linde
Date: 2025-05-08 20:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-stock-reports-nvidia-abbott-201700175.html?.tsrc=rss

Thursday, May 8, 2025The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA), Abbott Laboratories (ABT) and Linde plc (LIN), as well as a micro-cap stock Tredegar Corp. (TG). The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You cansee all of today’s research reports here >>>Ahead of Wall StreetThe daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens and attempts to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.You can read today's AWS here >>>Jobless Claims, Q1 Productivity Hit Multi-Year LevelsToday's Featured Research ReportsNVIDIA’sshares have outperformed the Zacks Semiconductor - General industry over the past year (+31.9% vs. +24.5%). The company is benefiting from the strong growth of artificial intelligence (AI), high-performance and accelerated computing. The growing demand for generative AI and large language models using graphic processing units (GPUs) based on NVIDIA’s Hopper and Blackwell architectures is aiding data center revenues.Continued ramp-up of Ada RTX GPU workstations in the ProViz end market, following the normalization of channel inventory, is acting as a tailwind. The Zacks analyst expects NVIDIA’s revenues to witness a CAGR of 27.7% through fiscal 2026-2028. Collaborations with over 320 automakers and tier-one suppliers are likely to advance its presence in the autonomous vehicles space.However, a limited supply of Blackwell and Ada GPUs could hinder its ability to meet demand. Rising costs associated with the production of more complex AI systems will hurt margins.(You canread the full research report on NVIDIA here >>>)Shares ofAbbott Laboratorieshave outperformed the Zacks Medical - Products industry over the past year (+30.5% vs. +10.1%). The company’s pipeline is unlocking new growth opportunities, supporting the company’s positive momentum and strong growth outlook for 2025. Freestyle Libre, Lingo and Libre Rio CGM devices are on a great trajectory. Alinity, the company’s next-generation suite of systems, is a key driver in the core lab diagnostics business.Abbott Laboratories is optimistic about its latest progress with biosimilars and expects this to significantly boost EPD sales, reportedly beginning this year. Despite softness in international pediatric arm, Abbott is regaining market share banking on strong Adult Nutrition business.Yet, the significant runoff of COVID-19 testing-related sales is hurting Abbott’s Diagnostics growth. Headwinds such as tough macro conditions and foreign exchange also add to the worry.(You canread the full research report on Abbott Laboratories here >>>)Linde’sshares have outperformed the Zacks Chemical - Specialty industry over the past year (+5.9% vs. -2.5%). The company remains a dominant player in the industrial gas sector, delivering strong financial performance with consistent EPS growth, disciplined capital allocation, and industry-leading margins.Linde’s record $10 billion backlog ensures long-term revenue stability, while sustainability initiatives position it as a leader in low-carbon energy solutions. Strategic investments in high-return projects and small on-site contracts further reinforce its competitive edge.However, foreign exchange headwinds, softening industrial demand in Europe & China, and regulatory uncertainties pose challenges. Also, slower growth in healthcare impacts diversification efforts. Despite these risks, LIN's strong execution, efficiency improvements, & long-term contracts position it well for sustained profitability & resilience in fluctuating market conditions. (You canread the full research report on Linde here >>>)Shares ofTredegarhave outperformed the Zacks Chemical - Plastic industry over the past year (+30.5% vs. +10.1%). This microcap company with market capitalization of $282.47 million have $78 million Terphane divestiture in Nov 2024, plus $7 million due by Mar 2025, which lowered net leverage from 2.3X to 1.2X, bolstering financial flexibility for debt reduction and reinvestment.Surface Protection rebounded with 57% volume growth and $19.4M EBITDA gain. The Obsidian film launch in October 2024 marks a strategic entry into automotive displays, expanding high-margin revenue. Despite a $13.3 million impairment at Clearfield, Aluminum Extrusions’ EBITDA rose $3.4 million, with diverse end-markets buffering cyclicality. Gross margin improved to 16.1% on operational gains.However, risks persist, such as cyclical exposure in non-residential construction and auto sectors weighing on visibility; PE Films faces customer concentration and tech disruption risks; regulatory compliance burdens could stress cash flows.(You canread the full research report on Tredegar here >>>)Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include Citigroup Inc. (C), CME Group Inc. (CME) and Constellation Energy Corp. (CEG).Mark VickerySenior EditorNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weeklyEarnings TrendsandEarnings Previewreports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, pleaseclick here>>> Today's Must Read NVIDIA (NVDA) Rides on Strong Adoption of GPUs, Partnerships Abbott (ABT) EPD Gains in Emerging Space on Branded Generics Linde's (LIN) Long-Term Contracts With Minimum Volume Aid Featured Reports Citigroup's (C) Streamlining Efforts Aid Amid Rising CostsThe Zacks analyst views Citigroup's efforts to grow core businesses by streamlining operations as impressive. Yet, revamping technology and risk management frameworks might flare up Costs. Focus on Renewable Energy Aid Constellation Energy (CEG)Per the Zacks analyst, Constellation Energy gains from expansion of renewable portfolio. Its position as an industry leader in the safe operation of nuclear plants helps it increase its nuclear output Solid Expansion Projects to Aid Teck (TECK) Amid High CostsPer the Zacks analyst, Teck Resources is poised well to gain from its solid expansion project pipeline despite cost pressures. Trimble (TRMB) Benefits from Strong Recurring Revenue GrowthPer the Zacks analyst, Trimble benefits from strong growth in its recurring revenue streams, particularly in its AECO and Field Systems segments. Leasing Aids Regency Centers (REG) Amid E-Commerce AdoptionPer the Zacks Analyst, Regency Centers is to gain from healthy leasing activity aiding occupancy and rent growth, key investments and a focus on essential retail assets. Yet, e-commerce adoption ails. Ensign Group's (ENSG) Strategic Buyouts Aid Amid High CostsPer the Zacks analyst, Ensign Group's expertise in acquiring healthcare-related real estate and transforming them into market leaders are commendable. Yet, rising costs weigh on margins. Investments & Expanding Customer Base Aid ONE Gas (OGS)Per the Zacks analyst, ONE Gas' capital expenditure should improve pipeline integrity and boost its performance. Rising demand from an expanding customer base should further boost the top line. New Upgrades Improving Clearing and Transaction Fees Aid CME Group (CME)Per the Zacks analyst, CME Group is set to grow on higher clearing and transaction fees as market position, diverse derivative product lines and expansion of futures products drive volumes. Bandwidth (BAND) Rides on Solid Demand, Strategic CollaborationPer the Zacks analyst, healthy traction for Bandwidth's communication services in multiple sectors such as healthcare, IT services, retail and fintech will likely drive its top line. AngioDynamics (ANGO) Rises on NanoKnife, Product StrengthPer the Zacks Analyst, AngioDynamics' strong NanoKnife momentum, deep focus on the pancreatic cancer market, and an expanding, robust product pipeline position it well for sustained long-term growth. New Downgrades Economic Uncertainty & High Labor Costs Hit Allegiant (ALGT)The Zacks analyst is worried about the high labor costs at Allegiant. High costs are hurting the bottom line. Tariff-induced uncertainty adds to its woes. Macroeconomic Pressures to Hurt Carter's (CRI) Top LinePer the Zacks analysts, inflation, elevated interest rates and weakening consumer confidence are likely to hurt Carter's top line. The company is seeing reduced demand across segments. Dismal Contract Sales Hurt Marriott Vacations (VAC) ProspectsPer the Zacks analyst, Marriott Vacations operations are likely to be hurt by dismal contract sales and fall in VPG. Also, an uncertain macro environment and elevated expenses are a headwind. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report Abbott Laboratories (ABT) : Free Stock Analysis Report CME Group Inc. (CME) : Free Stock Analysis Report Constellation Energy Corporation (CEG) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Tredegar Corporation (TG) : Free Stock Analysis Report Linde PLC (LIN) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research CMG benefits from strategic innovation, menu success, operational upgrades and robust unit expansion. Arm Holdings issues disappointing guidance, AppLovin surges after topping earnings and revenue expectations, and Coinbase agrees to acquire Bitcoin trading platform Deribit for $2.9 billion. (Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump is pushing lawmakers to increase tax rates on some of the wealthiest Americans as a way to offset other cuts in his signature economic package.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign Tourists Due to Trump Polici While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around? Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.