Title: Oil Futures Advance as China Signals It’s Open to US Trade Talks
Date: 2025-04-16 19:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-steadies-glut-expectations-trade-002035799.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Oil rose on the prospect of a de-escalation in the trade war between the world’s two largest economies and a stall in nuclear talks between the US and Iran. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs West Texas Intermediate futures added 1.9% to settle near $62.50 a barrel, the third gain in the four past sessions, after China signaled openness to trade negotiations with the Trump administration. Pre-conditions for the talks would include a more consistent US position and a willingness to address China’s concerns around American sanctions and Taiwan, according to a person familiar with the Chinese government’s thinking. Elsewhere, Iran said it won’t be drawn into negotiations with the US over its ability to enrich uranium, reducing the potential of looser restrictions on Iranian crude. The US also sanctioned another China-based independent “teapot” refinery for its role in purchasing Tehran’s crude, and Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said the US would ramp up pressure on Iran. Crude has recovered from a sharp drop to near the lowest in four years brought about by an onslaught of tariffs and counter-levies between the US and its biggest trading partners. Washington on Tuesday started a probe into the need for import taxes on critical minerals, while trade differences with the European Union persist as White House officials said the bulk of the US tariffs imposed on the bloc won’t be removed. Meanwhile, Iraq plans to cut its oil exports this month as it faces growing pressure to adhere to its OPEC+ production target. The country aims to reduce shipments by 70,000 barrels a day, an official with knowledge of the matter said. In another support for prices, US government data released Wednesday showed inventory levels at Cushing, Oklahoma — the delivery point for West Texas Intermediate — fell by roughly 650,000 barrels to the lowest since 2008 for this time of the year. Gasoline reserves also dropped. To get Bloomberg’s Energy Daily newsletter in your inbox, click here. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. SINGAPORE—-China’s economy got a boost in the first quarter from a rush of exports to the U.S. ahead of stiff new tariffs, but growth is set to slow as the trade war between Washington and Beijing heats up.  How serious that slowdown will get depends on how successful Chinese exporters are at finding new markets for goods shut out of the U.S. by sky-high new tariffs.  It also depends on how big a boost to spending Beijing can generate at home to offset weakness overseas. We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential. On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC […] U.S. markets fell sharply Wednesday, with chip stocks leading the retreat as U.S.-China trade tensions spooked investors. The tech-heavy Nasdaq closed down 3.1%, the S&P 500 lost 2.2%, and the Dow Jones Industrial average fell 700 points, or 1.7%. Losses rippled across sectors, dragging the Russell 2000 down 1.4%. (Bloomberg) -- European equities closed modestly lower on Wednesday, as China’s signal that it could be open to trade talks allowed the market to pare earlier losses. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe Stoxx Europe 600 Index ended the session down 0.2%, snapping a two-day winning streak. Howeve The tech market took it on the chin on Wednesday as the trade war picked up steam and the Federal Reserve sounds like it's not going to bail out the market.  Big tech in both the U.S. and China were hit hard today.  Broadcom (NASDAQ: AVGO) fell as much as 6.7%, Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA) dropped 5.6%, and JD.com (NASDAQ: JD) fell 6.4%. However, Kinder Morgan left its annual profit forecast unchanged as it continues to bank on an increase in natural gas demand.  The terminal operator added that it does not expect tariffs to have a significant impact on project economics. Fed chief Jerome Powell hinted Trump tariffs will be "challenging," with the mandate to control inflation and support growth in "tension." Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) stock is falling fast amid multiple bearish catalysts in Wednesday's trading.  Nvidia's valuation is heading lower today amid multiple bearish catalysts.  Yesterday, the company submitted a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating that it would be taking a $5.5 billion write-down following news from the U.S. government that it would now require an export license to sell its H20 processors to China. Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell on Wednesday reiterated the long-held view of Fed chairs going back decades that growth in the U.S. federal debt needs to be reined in, but he suggested that politicians are going about it the wrong way.  "We're running very large deficits at full employment, and this is a situation that we very much need to address" Powell said at an event at the Economic Club of Chicago.  "All of this domestic discretionary spending, which is essentially where 100% of the conversation is, is small as a percentage of federal spending and is declining ... When people are focusing on cutting domestic spending, they're not actually working on the problem." All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
