Title: Trump administration eases on Nvidia H20 chip crackdown
Date: 2025-04-09 20:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/trump-administration-eases-nvidia-h20-205507370.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. The Trump administration stepped back from a crackdown on Nvidia's (NVDA) chip exports to China following CEO Jensen Huang's attendance at a $1 million-per-person dinner at Mar-a-Lago last week. Yahoo Finance Technology Editor Dan Howley joins Market Domination to discuss how Nvidia's ability to continue exporting the H20 chip impacts the company's revenue and relationship with the US government. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here. The Trump administration back and off of a chip crackdown on NVIDIA. This is coming after CEO Jensen Huang attended a $1 million per person dinner at Mar-a-Lago last week. For more we're bringing in Yahoo Finance tech editor, Dan Howley. That's a big dinner, Dan. Yeah, I don't think they're serving Kraft macaroni and cheese there. Although I pay a million dollars for that. Yeah, this is a big deal. The H20 is a chip that NVIDIA is able to export to China right now. It's what DC trained their models on when it came to their R1 and their V3 AI generated AI models. And so the idea that this would have been kept away from China was a big deal and up for discussion. There were both Republicans and Democrats saying that they wanted it to be controlled under the export controls. And so that would have hurt NVIDIA's overall revenue in China. Now while they've said that they're not expecting any expansion, significant expansion in that, they will miss out over the long term because they won't be able to ship things like their Blackwell chips or their upcoming VR Rubin chips. They do still have this in their back pocket that they're able to generate revenue from when it comes to China. So it's a big deal that now they're saying that they're still going to be able to, or at least the reports are that now they'll be able to continue to hold on to that and continue to sell it for some time going forward. We don't know how long that's going to be or what exactly that means for NVIDIA's future chips. Don't expect VR Rubin to go there. Don't expect Blackwell Ultra to go there. But the fact that they're able to have the H20 and you know, perhaps future kind of, we'll call it nerfed, high-end chips going out there, still good news for NVIDIA. And more broadly, you've been following Big Tech's relationship with the president, um and you know, this dinner, just one example of basically Big Tech CEOs paying a lot of money to get close to the president and trying to convince him of their agenda. Yeah, I mean look, this started prior to the inauguration. We had companies ranging from Google and Microsoft to Meta and Apple, either their CEOs or the companies themselves donating a million dollars to the inauguration fund. We had them meeting up with him at Mar-a-Lago regularly. Mark Zuckerberg famously appointed Dana White, one of Trump's friends. And now reportedly purchased a mansion in DC, close enough to to talk, you know, walking distance to JD Vance of the White House. But it didn't save them from the tariffs until about an hour ago, maybe, right? You know, the I think the big thing to to keep in mind here is you know, we had Apple talk about $500 billion of investments over the next four years. Microsoft, $80 billion over the next four years. It's funny that it's always over the next four years. Well, I wonder why. But the the thing about Apple is the majority of their iPhone manufacturing is still in China. And so And so still subject to tariffs. So that's that's the thing, right? You know, we talk about how Vietnam has a lot of manufacturing capabilities. There are other Southeast Asian countries that have manufacturing, Mexico manufactures NVIDIA servers. So the ones coming through there aren't subject to the new tariffs. But you know, the clarity isn't there yet on which companies might get some exceptions. You know, Trump obviously just talking about that during the press conference. And then what what that means going forward and for how long this 90-day extension. Does that mean that, okay, well, the companies are exempt. They'll be exempt past that 90 days? I do think that, you know, when it comes to Apple, it's still kind of, you know, everybody's tense. One of the analysts I was just speaking to is saying that look, no company knows what to do at this point whatsoever, either through the supply chain on up, because there's there's just no real rhyme or reason to what's going on at this point. Yeah, Jose Torres of Interactive Brokers is still on set with us, economist. Um and Jose, you know, you were just talking about the sort of silver lining potential here. I want to ask from an economic perspective some of what Dan is talking about. In other words, this sort of seeming pay-to-play environment that this White House has welcomed, you know, accepting lots of money and business relationships from the crypto industry, and then going easy on the crypto industry. Accepting lots of money and having these big high ticket dinners with executives, and then potentially working out deals. From an economic perspective, like, is that a positive negative, like what is that? How should we read that? You know, I think it's a style kind of framework, you know, the president, the White House, they want you to come in, they want to talk with you. Similar to the nations, the 70 nations, 75 nations that Scott Beason, Treasury Secretary Beason, was talking about, they want folks from business, political leaders, to come to the White House and have one-on-one conversations. It's not a kind of status quo kind of administration. It's part of why the voter base decided to elect the Trump administration. You know, it's a different kind of style. Let's talk face-to-face, eye-to-eye, maybe that style. You know, you ask me if it's positive, negative, maybe it is positive. If you see someone face-to-face, shake their hand, maybe there's more accountability that way. You also know, Jose, though, what this administration wants. What does Trump value? He values when you come out and you see investments. We were just talking about NVIDIA. What NPR reports is that NVIDIA promised Trump, listen, we're going to make new investments in AI data centers. That is part of the conversation. I mean, often you make that, if you can promise Trump there's going to be more direct investment, you get headlines. Absolutely. And you know, he loves to be around the CEOs. He loves to, you know, he loves screen time, you know, and and it's it's part it's part of it's part of his flavor, it's part of his deal. Yeah, it's just interesting that it's a million dollar dinner in order to get there. The stock market ripped higher Wednesday—and chip stocks are a poster child for the rally.  President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs except for China, while keeping the baseline 10% rate on all imports to the U.S. in place. Walmart, Apple, Tesla, and Nvidia shares jump after President Donald Trump says he will be delaying tariffs above 10% on some countries for 90 days. The tech industry tried to cozy up to the Trump Administration in the hopes that it could avoid getting caught in the crossfire of his policy moves. But they couldn't dodge his tariffs. Cognizant teams up with OMRON to transform manufacturing with IT-OT integration, offering smart solutions for enhanced productivity and sustainability. The recently-battered Magnificent Seven stocks got some much-needed relief in the form of Trump's tariff pause. Tesla shares climbed more than 17%, while Nvidia and Meta shares also notched double-digit gains. Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) stock is soaring in Wednesday's trading.  The company's share price was up 14.1% as of 2:10 p.m. ET amid a 7.8% rally for the S&P 500 index and a 10.1% jump for the Nasdaq Composite index.  Nvidia's valuation is surging today after President Donald Trump announced a moderation on tariff policy and a 90-day postponement on tariffs. I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs A deluge of cheap, imported shrimp tanked the economies of small shrimping towns like Bayou La Batre in southern Alabama. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
