Title: Nvidia 'Welcomes' Trump administration's fresh AI export framework
Date: 2025-05-08 20:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-welcomes-trump-administrations-fresh-204715845.html?.tsrc=rss

May 8 -NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) said itwelcomesthe Trump administration's move to scrap the AI Diffusion rule, calling the potential repeal a once?in?a?generation opportunity to lead the next industrial revolution and create high?paying U.S. jobs. Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with NVDA. The AI Diffusion rule, adopted late in the Biden era, would have capped exports of advanced AI chips to foreign adversaries by sorting countries into three tiers based on strategic risk. It was scheduled to take effect May 15. Bloomberg reported the administration plans to kill the rule as part of a broader rollback of semiconductor export curbs. The repeal isn't final, and uncertainty around timing has left some investors cautious. Bernstein analyst Stacy Rasgon said he expects additional developments around the policy shift but warned that overhang will likely persist until details are clear. We'll take even a temporary reprieve, he wrote, though the issue is probably not put to bed. Based on the one year price targets offered by 50 analysts, the average target price for NVIDIA Corp is $163.43 with a high estimate of $235.92 and a low estimate of $100.00. The average target implies a upside of +38.18% from the current price of $118.28. This article first appeared onGuruFocus. While tariffs have caused tech stocks to bend, they won’t break, a longtime bull says.  The technology sector has been one of the harder-hit areas during the 2025 market downturn.  Perhaps most obviously, the artificial intelligence genie can’t be put back in the bottle. Advanced Micro Devices' (AMD) stock has risen 5% since surpassing its Q1 expectations on Tuesday, but will the rally continue? Arm Holdings issues disappointing guidance, AppLovin surges after topping earnings and revenue expectations, and Coinbase agrees to acquire Bitcoin trading platform Deribit for $2.9 billion. (Bloomberg) -- The US said it’s developing a fast-track process for screening foreign investments in the US, an effort Trump administration officials expect could smooth the way for billions from wealth funds in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Qatar.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a M Artificial intelligence chip king Nvidia rose above its 21-day average on April 25, topped its 50-day on May 1 and continued to climb.  After getting hit earlier this year due to concerns about AI chip growth slowing amid rising competition, and possible tariff repercussions, Nvidia has risen since late April.  The jump puts Nvidia just below a key benchmark. A wave of trade optimism washed over markets on Thursday as a deal between the United States and Britain, cooling global tensions and a generally less belligerent stance from Washington spurred sharp gains in equities and other risk assets like bitcoin.  In my column today I dig into why the tariff chaos of last month meant macro hedge funds in April suffered one of their worst maulings in years, and why the near-term outlook remains challenging.  Trump castigates Fed's Powell for not cutting rates,downplays inflation risk  2. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.