Nvidia takes aim at Anthropic's support of chip export controls
2025-05-01 17-46
https://techcrunch.com/2025/05/01/nvidia-takes-aim-at-anthropics-support-of-chip-export-controls/?.tsrc=rss
Latest	



		AI	



		Amazon	



		Apps	



		Biotech & Health	



		Climate	



		Cloud Computing	



		Commerce	



		Crypto	



		Enterprise	



		EVs	



		Fintech	



		Fundraising	



		Gadgets	



		Gaming	



		Google	



		Government & Policy	



		Hardware	



		Instagram	



		Layoffs	



		Media & Entertainment	



		Meta	



		Microsoft	



		Privacy	



		Robotics	



		Security	



		Social	



		Space	



		Startups	



		TikTok	



		Transportation	



		Venture	



		Events	



		Startup Battlefield	



		StrictlyVC	



		Newsletters	



		Podcasts	



		Videos	



		Partner Content	



		TechCrunch Brand Studio	



		Crunchboard	



		Contact Us	

Posted:
Nvidia clearly doesn’t agree with Anthropic’s support for export controls on U.S.-made AI chips.
On Wednesday, Anthropic doubled down on its support for the U.S. Department of Commerce’s “Framework for Artificial Intelligence Diffusion,” which would impose sweeping AI chip export restrictions starting May 15.
The next day, Nvidia responded with a very different take on the upcoming controls.
“American firms should focus on innovation and rise to the challenge, rather than tell tall tales that large, heavy, and sensitive electronics are somehow smuggled in ‘baby bumps’ or ‘alongside live lobsters,’” a spokesperson for Nvidia told CNBC, in reference to Anthropic’s claims of how these AI chips are being smuggled into countries targeted by the U.S. controls, like China.
In a statement to TechCrunch, an Nvidia spokesperson added that “China, with half of the world’s AI researchers, has highly capable AI experts at every layer of the AI stack. America cannot manipulate regulators to capture victory in AI.”
Export restrictions would hurt Nvidia’s global revenue stream. Nvidia recently stated that a new licensing requirement for its H20 AI chips to be sold in China could cost the company $5.5 billion in Q1 of its 2026 fiscal year.
This piece has been updated to include additional commentary from Nvidia. 

Topics
Get inside access to Europe’s top investment minds — with leaders from Monzo, Accel, Paladin Group, and more — plus top-tier networking at StrictlyVC London.
Subscribe for the industry’s biggest tech news
Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunch’s coverage.
TechCrunch's AI experts cover the latest news in the fast-moving field.
Every Monday, gets you up to speed on the latest advances in aerospace.
Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly.
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice.
© 2025 TechCrunch Media LLC.