Intel Planning A Homegrown Challenge To Nvidia, Says It's 'Not A Quick Fix'
2025-05-01 21-26
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/intel-planning-homegrown-challenge-nvidia-212609148.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Intel announced plans to develop its own AI chips on an earnings call Friday
The company's previous strategy has been to acquire AI startups that have already developed their own chips
Analysts remain split on whether or not the plan will work, citing Nvidia's dominance in the market
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) CEO Lip-Bu Tan announced that the company will be working to develop its own AI chips, in an earnings call on Friday.
"This is not a quick fix," Tan said on the call. He continued that he would be combing through Intel's existing products, looking for ways to sharpen them to meet emerging trends in the AI market.
Don't Miss:
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm — invest pre-IPO from $0.60 per share now.
"We are taking a holistic approach to redefine our portfolio, to optimize our products for new and emerging AI workloads,” Tan said. "Our goal is to become the platform of choice for our customers. This requires us to radically evolve our design and engineering mindset and anticipate the needs of our customer well in advance.”
One of Intel's biggest missed opportunities over the last years has been its failure to challenge Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) in the AI chip market. With a valuation of $2.65 trillion, Nvidia has become the dominant player in the market.
Previously, Intel's approach has been to let AI companies develop the chips and then to acquire those companies. Between 2016 and 2019, it acquired a number of AI startups, including Movidius, Nervana, and Habana Labs. However, many of these deals failed to help the company gain traction against Nvidia and other competitors.
Trending: Donald Trump Just Announced a $500 Billion AI Infrastructure Deal — Here's How You Can Invest in the Entertainment Market's Next Big Disruptor for Just $998
Intel's chief financial officer, David Zinser, told Reuters that the company will be putting acquisitions on hold for the near future. "Our priority will need to be, at this point, getting the balance sheet to a better place,” he said.
Analysts are split on whether or not the plan will work.
Bob O'Donnell, the chief analyst at Technalysis Research, told Reuters, "Intel has a long history of building important new silicon developments within its own walls, so I'm not shocked to see them focus on in-house developments for AI. If they can build the appropriate set of software support to help make it easy to deploy these new chips, then they have a chance—but that is a big if."
See Also: Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary called Missing Ring his biggest mistake — Don't repeat history—invest in RYSE at just $1.90/share.
Other analysts told Reuters that they think the move is too little, too late, telling Reuters that Nvidia's position is too strong, and combined with the efforts of other companies like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Google, there simply isn't room for a new player.
Hendi Susanto, a portfolio manager at Gabelli Funds, told Reuters that the company provided a peek at their overall AI strategy on the call. That strategy is to focus on chips and systems that run AI applications and edge devices. "While these areas show promise, the scale and pace of their growth remain uncertain,” she said.
Read Next:
Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold.
Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets – with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share!
Image: Shutterstock
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report
TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article Intel Planning A Homegrown Challenge To Nvidia, Says It's 'Not A Quick Fix' originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
COMM reports a top-line expansion year over year in the first quarter of 2025, backed by healthy demand across multiple end markets.
Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) CEO Andy Jassy reinforced his mission to return the e-commerce giant to its startup roots during remarks at the Harvard Business Review Leadership Summit on Monday, emphasizing improved collaboration from the company’s return-to-office mandate and streamlined management. What Happened: Jassy, who succeeded Jeff Bezos as CEO in 2021, brings nearly three decades of Amazon experience, including his pivotal role in building Amazon Web Services (AWS) from a small team to
Nvidia’s (NVDA) shares are not fully pricing in all of its upbeat catalysts, and it’s “certainly a buy,” Keybanc analyst John Vinh told Yahoo Finance recently. Moreover, it’s “a bit premature” to be concerned about Nvidia’s competition from custom AI chip makers, Vinh believes. NVDA’s Attractive Valuation NVDA stock is failing to price in “everything,” […]
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on […]
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
The Nasdaq has continued to rebound and drift higher after the market received favorable quarterly results and guidance from Meta Platforms (META) and Microsoft (MSFT).
Coca-Cola Consolidated (NASDAQ: COKE) stock got hit with big sell-offs Thursday following the company's first-quarter earnings report.  Coca-Cola Consolidated reported its Q1 results after the market closed yesterday, and the market isn't happy with the results.  Coca-Cola Consolidated reported earnings per share of $11.87 on revenue of $1.58 billion in the quarter.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Details Of Trump’s Tariff Negotiations & Discusses 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on […]
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...