Title: AbbVie's Rinvoq Gets EU Nod for 8th Indication Giant Cell Arteritis
Date: 2025-04-08 13:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abbvies-rinvoq-gets-eu-nod-131500800.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. AbbVie ABBV announced that the European Commission has granted marketing approval to its blockbuster drug Rinvoq for treating giant cell arteritis (“GCA”), an autoimmune disease that causes inflammation of the medium to large arteries. GCA marks the eighth approved indication for Rinvoq. Rinvoq (15 mg, once daily) is the first JAK inhibitor to be approved in the EU for the GCA indication and is also the first oral advanced therapy for treating the condition. The approval for GCA was based on data from the phase III SELECT-GCA study. Data from the SELECT-GCA study showed that patients treated with Rinvoq can achieve sustained remission and reduce their cumulative steroid exposure, which are key treatment goals for GCA. In the study, 46% of the GCA patients treated with Rinvoq plus 26-week steroid taper regimen achieved the primary endpoint of sustained remission (absence of GCA signs and symptoms) from week 12 through week 52 versus 29% of patients administered placebo with a 52-week steroid taper regimen. The study also met its key secondary endpoints. An application seeking approval of Rinvoq for GCA is also under review in the United States. AbbVie stock has gained 6% so far this year against a decrease of 4.8% for the industry. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Rinvoq is already approved for seven immune-mediated inflammatory diseases in several countries, including the United States and the EU. These indications are radiographic axial spondylarthritis, nonradiographic axial spondylarthritis, psoriatic arthritis (“PsA”), rheumatoid arthritis (“RA”), ulcerative colitis (“UC”), Crohn's disease (“CD”) and atopic dermatitis. It is being studied in late-stage studies for some others like alopecia areata, systemic lupus erythematosus, hidradenitis suppurativa vitiligo and Takayasu arteritis. Rinvoq is a key top-line driver for AbbVie. The drug generated sales of almost $6 billion in 2024, which was up 50.4% year over year, owing to continuous label expansions of the drug to include new patient populations. Rinvoq, along with AbbVie’s other inflammatory disease drug, Skyrizi, is performing extremely well, bolstered by approvals in new indications. Skyrizi and Rinvoq generated combined sales of $17.7 billion in 2024. The drugs are seeing strong performance across all their approved indications, especially in the popular inflammatory bowel disease space, which includes two conditions — UC and CD. Importantly, Skyrizi and Rinvoq have demonstrated compelling head-to-head data against several novel therapies in clinical studies, which has given them a competitive advantage. AbbVie expects to record combined Skyrizi and Rinvoq sales of more than $31 billion in 2027. Strong immunology market growth, market share gains and momentum from new indications, such as the recent launch of Skyrizi in UC, as well as the potential for five new indications for Rinvoq over the next few years, including the newly approved GCA indication, are expected to drive these drugs’ growth. Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors are small molecule drugs that target the JAK family of enzymes, interfering with the JAK-STAT signaling pathway, which is involved in the production of inflammatory cytokine. JAK inhibitors are approved to treat a variety of autoimmune and inflammatory diseases: Some popular JAK inhibitor drugs available in the market are Pfizer’s PFE Xeljanz, Lilly LLY and Incyte’s INCY Olumiant (baricitinib) and Novartis/Incyte’s Jakafi. Lilly/Incyte’s Olumiant (baricitinib) is approved for treating moderately to severely active RA and severe alopecia areata. Lilly and Incyte’s Olumiant generated sales of $957.4 million in 2024. Pfizer’s Xeljanz is a much older drug and is approved to treat RA, PsA, UC and ankylosing spondylitis. Pfizer’s Xeljanz generated sales of $1.17 billion in 2024. AbbVie has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. AbbVie Inc. price-consensus-chart | AbbVie Inc. Quote Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report Incyte Corporation (INCY) : Free Stock Analysis Report AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research History shows that after big spikes in the VIX stocks tend to perform rather well. With the latest approval, Vertex's Kaftrio is now eligible to treat about 4,000 people living in the EU with rare mutations of cystic fibrosis. Compare Ulta Beauty and Sephora’s loyalty rewards programs and see how to maximize them with your credit card. The Zacks Earnings ESP is a great way to find potential earnings surprises. Why investors should take advantage now. When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
