Title: Stock Market Today: Dow Jones Up, Autos Pop After Trump Says This; Palantir Fights For Key Level, Tesla Lags (Live Coverage)
Date: 2025-04-14 14:48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/340f364a-fa47-30cc-9c19-b947b2bb27cd/stock-market-today%3A-dow-jones.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Palantir stock rose amid the sale of an artificial intelligence-enabled military system to NATO, the U.S.-Europe mutual defense alliance.
British bank Barclays maintained its bullish stance on Chinese tech giant Alibaba (BABA) today, while CNBC commentator and professional investor Steve Weiss reported that he had recently bought more shares of Taiwan Semi (TSM). Why Barclays Remains Upbeat on BABA Barclays noted that the growth of BABA’s cloud business is accelerating, and the bank predicts […]
After Palantir (PLTR) announced on March 25 that it had made a deal to provide NATO with an AI system meant to boost the alliance’s fighting prowess, Wedbush’s Dan Ives believes that the news is meaningfully positive for PLTR stock. The prominent analyst kept a $120 price target and an Outperform rating on the shares. […]
Palantir (NASDAQ: PLTR) has managed to be relatively resilient amid the recent turmoil in the stock market.  Palantir trades at 158 times this year's expected earnings and 55 times expected sales.  While there's no doubt Palantir is an expensive stock by these conventional valuation metrics, there is another indicator that puts the stock's price tag in a more reasonable light.
Americans’ expectations for near-term inflation hit the highest level since the fall of 2023 in March, amid a souring in the public’s assessment of their personal finances and hiring prospects, a report from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said on Monday.  The bank said that in its latest Survey of Consumer Expectations, respondents see inflation a year from now at 3.6%, up from 3.1% in February, matching the same level last seen in October 2023.  The sharp increase in near-term expectations came as the projected level of inflation three years from now held steady at 3%, while the forecast for inflation in five years tipped down to 2.9% in March from 3% the prior month.
Now may be your last chance to lock in today's high CD rates. Compare the best CD rates available today.
Apple and other companies might have a chance to negotiate tariff exemptions, potentially in exchange for U.S. manufacturing commitments.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Mattel, Inc. (NASDAQ:MAT) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data […]
U.S. stocks edged up Monday morning as investors digested mixed messages on the trade war, following some of the most chaotic and turbulent weeks in recent market memory.
Nvidia (NVDA) will begin manufacturing AI supercomputers in the U.S. for the first time, the company announced Monday.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.