Title: Apple and Dell Shares Rally as U.S. Pauses Tariffs on Consumer Electronics
Date: 2025-04-14 17:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-dell-shares-rally-u-173033373.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Dell Technologies (NYSE:DELL), and other large-cap tech firms climbed on Monday morning after U.S. authorities paused tariffs on smartphones, computers and related consumer electronics.
The temporary reprieve follows comments fromCommerce SecretaryHoward Lutnick, who noted over the weekend that the exemption could be short-lived as officials reassess sector-specific trade policies.
JPMorgan analysts called the move a big relief for Apple, which manufactures a large portion of its hardware in China. The firm expects Apple to hasten its production diversification efforts, citing India and Vietnam as key locations for iPhone and accessories assembly.
Apple's shares rose morethan 4%Monday morning after leading gains Friday, though the stock remains down over 15% year-to-date.
Dell, which relies heavily on overseas manufacturing,jumped 6%on Monday. Analysts highlighted the pause as reflecting the "weight of large U.S. companies" in policy decisions.
Chipmakers including Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), and Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) also edged higher on expectations that tariff delays could support near-term sector margins.
This article first appeared onGuruFocus.
British bank Barclays maintained its bullish stance on Chinese tech giant Alibaba (BABA) today, while CNBC commentator and professional investor Steve Weiss reported that he had recently bought more shares of Taiwan Semi (TSM). Why Barclays Remains Upbeat on BABA Barclays noted that the growth of BABA’s cloud business is accelerating, and the bank predicts […]
A Verve Therapeutics treatment was found to cut cholesterol levels by more than half—with just one shot. The stock jumped Monday.
Answering reporters’ questions in the Oval Office, Trump said he may cut deals for car companies to help them manage the impact of tariffs.  Currently, 25% levies apply to car imports, with similar levies for car parts expected in early May.
President Trump said he is looking at some short-term tariff exemptions to help car companies and said he exempted smartphones and certain electronics from recent tariffs in order to help U.S. smartphone makers, including Apple.  On autos, Trump says he’s considering the exemptions for car companies that are looking to switch making parts from Canada and Mexico to the U.S.  “I’m looking at something to help some of the car companies,” Trump told reporters at the White House, without giving any additional details.
President Trump said he was considering short-term tariff exemptions for auto companies in the Oval Office on Monday. He said he exempted smartphones from recent tariffs.
The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil slipped as the prospect of looser restrictions on Iranian crude undercut the benefit of the US’s temporary reprieve on some tariffs. Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageWest Texas Intermediate slid below $61 a barrel, and Brent dipped to near $64. While
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump’s tariff exclusions for smartphones and other tech products have added to a growing set of confusing signals for companies and trading partners digesting how to engage a White House still promising to negotiate dozens of new deals in America’s favor.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLisbon Mayor
We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Dell Technologies Inc. (NYSE:DELL) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.