Title: Bullish trade in Apple options reaps gains as shares jump on tariff exemption
Date: 2025-04-14 15:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bullish-trade-apple-options-reaps-151022816.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Saqib Iqbal Ahmed
NEW YORK (Reuters) - An unidentified options trader's multi-million dollar bet on a short-term rebound in Apple Inc.'s shares was set to reap a sizable profit as the iPhone-maker's shares soared on Monday following the Trump administration's weekend move to grant tariff exclusions for smartphones.
On Monday, Apple shares rose as much as 7% to a high of $212.94 before paring gains to trade up 4.5% at $206.05, after the Trump administration, late on Friday, granted exclusions from the steep reciprocal tariffs on smartphones and a set of other electronics products, a move seen as a big break for technology firms such as Apple that rely on imports from China.
The jump in Apple's share price means a bullish options trade opened Friday for about $5 million was, on paper, valued at about $14 million early on Monday, a gain of 180%, according to a Reuters calculation.
Friday's bullish trade could have been a trader speculating on a reprieve for Apple from tariffs or China in general over the weekend, Ophir Gottlieb, chief executive of Los Angeles-based research and financial technology firm Capital Market Laboratories, said.
"That rumor was floating around during market hours on Friday," he said.
With Apple shares trading at around $192.69 on Friday, some 35,000 of Apple 25, 210-220 call spreads appeared to be bought for about $5.25 million, according to a Reuters analysis of Trade Alert data. Call spread trades involve simultaneous buying and selling of call options.
Friday's spread trade in Apple's options, one of the largest that day by contracts volume for individual stock options, was counting on Apple shares rising in the next two weeks to finish above $210 by April 25, with a maximum potential gain capped at around $30 million, if the shares rose above $220 by then.
Based on Apple's share price at the time of the trade, the trader was counting on Apple shares to appreciate by as much as 14% to finish near where the stock was trading before President Donald Trump's April 2 announcement on tariffs.
About 10,000 of these spreads appeared to have been closed early on Monday at an average price of about $4, according to Trade Alert data.
Apple shares tumbled as much as 23% in the days following the tariff announcement amid a market-wide selloff as investors fretted over the business impact from the tariffs on China, a major production hub for iPhones.
The shares recovered ground late last week as markets rebounded and investors grew more optimistic about Apple securing an exemption from tariffs.
"I knew (the trade) was a China exemption play," said Joe Kunkle, founder of options analytics firm OptionsHawk.com, who noticed the trade on Friday.
"It was just positioning for what most of us knew would happen anyhow," Kunkle said.
(Reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed, Editing by Franklin Paul)
Apple and other companies might have a chance to negotiate tariff exemptions, potentially in exchange for U.S. manufacturing commitments.
Netflix shares moved higher to start the week as the streaming giant gets set to report earnings after Thursday’s close. Monitor these vital chart levels.
U.S. stocks edged up Monday morning as investors digested mixed messages on the trade war, following some of the most chaotic and turbulent weeks in recent market memory.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.