Title: Jim Cramer on Chevron (CVX): I Like Chevron
Date: 2025-04-11 16:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-chevron-cvx-chevron-163400890.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list ofJim Cramer Recently Talked About These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently.
On Wednesday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, shared his thoughts on the market turmoil of the week and provided some valuable lessons. He emphasized that no one ever made a profit by panicking. Cramer pointed out how many investors had thrown in the towel during the downturn.
“Yeah, what happens is they get out and then it rallies big like today, and that’s the end. Bye bye. Learn to take the pain. Staying the course is how you make the biggest money.”
READ ALSO:10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar RecentlyandJim Cramer Talked About These 8 Stocks.
Cramer noted how, on Tuesday night, anyone holding stocks felt disheartened and as if they had lost substantial sums. He then pointed out that in contrast, those who were shorting the market, including many hedge funds, went to bed feeling victorious. However, Cramer had a different perspective and highlighted that some of the short-sellers, who had bet against the market just before the high opening on Wednesday, might have felt smart in the moment.
But he quickly reminded viewers that while bulls and bears can make money, he commented that “hogs, those who staged short were pigs, plain and simple. He then went on to say:
“The president likes, no, no, he loves drama. He’s gonna love drama for his whole darn presidency. That’s one constant from his first term.”
Cramer said that investors should not expect any certainty from the White House. Hoping for “certainty” from President Trump, he said, would be “kind of nuts” at this point. His advice to investors was simple: when the noise gets overwhelming, “just turn it off”.
“So let me give you the bottom line on this one of the most exciting days of our lives: I don’t think that things are all that difficult. They’re not COVID difficult. Now I think that you’re dealing with manmade crises. It turns out that one of these manmade crises was easily reversible, as we’ve said over and over again, and told you that when you see stocks in the blast zone rally, it pays to realize that good things, not just bad things can happen too.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 9 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 9. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81
A caller asked if they should keep Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) and Cramer remarked:
“Yeah, definitely keep Chevron. It’s got a 4.6% yield. It keeps buying back stock. You saw the way it bounced off the bottom today…. I think Mike Wirth’s doing a terrific job. The only problem I would tell you is I’m not a bull on oil, but you came to me and you wanted an oil and I come back and I say, if you want an oil, then I like Mike Wirth. I like Chevron.”
Chevron (NYSE:CVX) is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation, and refining of oil and gas. It also focuses on manufacturing petrochemicals and renewable fuels. Cramer was similarly bullish on the company last week as he said, “That’s why I say you look at a Chevron. With a really great yield and it’s been a big winner.”
Overall, CVXranks 3rdon our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. While we acknowledge the potential of CVX as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CVX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.