Title: Jim Cramer’s Dilemma: Should Investors Wait or Buy the Dip in Caterpillar (CAT)?
Date: 2025-04-09 16:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-dilemma-investors-wait-160233189.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer discussed the reasons behind the recent market turmoil. Cramer emphasized that markets haven’t yet priced in the full brunt of the policies that are coming out of the White House. With Peter Navarro’s anti-China agenda now setting the tone, Cramer warned that corporate earnings and valuations are being fundamentally redefined, and made a bold prediction at where the S&P 500 index could potentially find its bottom: “I think that the way you want to look at it is what multiple do you put on the new earnings estimates for the S&P. And I think that the S&P people thought it would be 270 to 280; now it’s going to be 230. I think you have to put a worst case, 14 times, because markets have tended to bottom at 14 times earnings and that gives you a 36% downside from here. […] We’re still at 20, that’s the problem. You take it down to 14, where it’s historically bottom, you multiply it by 230, and you get S&P 3220, and that should be your bottom.” READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Got These 10 Stocks All Wrong and Jim Cramer Nailed These 11 Stock Picks. Cramer then painted a picture of the economic path ahead, noting that the current President’s stance is no longer about deal-making but about generating revenue. He warned viewers that without a change in course, the economy could be heading straight toward a recession: “You’ve got this dichotomy. I mean, this is a man who’s not talking about negotiating. He’s talking about raising a lot of revenue. In the interim, we’ve got inflation because there’s bargaining, but everybody has to pay higher prices and ultimately a recession if there is not some sort of accommodation made.” While discussing if the current environment is reminiscent of 2007, Cramer rejected the comparison, but acknowledged that capital is fleeing the US markets which might indicate a loss of confidence in American economic leadership: “Look, there are signs that the U.S. has lost its supremacy. I want to take that off the table if we decide to change our view. See, let’s say I tell people, I think it’s time to really bail. It’s really dangerous. And then the market drops 50 percent. And then the president switches. Can I tell people, oh, now it’s fine, all clear? No, that does not work. It’s not 2007. And by the way, 2007, it took six years to get back. Eighteen months is the average of the last other five bear markets. Eighteen months. “ To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 7th. For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors, as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). Number of Hedge Fund holders: 62 Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) is a leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, with its fortunes closely tied to global trade and infrastructure development. Cramer discussed the stock following a downgrade from UBS, explaining that the company is vulnerable to slowing world trade but may be worth considering if infrastructure spending returns. Here’s his remarks: “UBS, good firm, they downgraded Caterpillar from hold to sell. So people are saying, well, there’s going to be a halt in world trade, a halt in construction. So you sell companies that are related to infrastructure. And I think what you’re struggling with here is, is Caterpillar buy at a certain point? Because maybe infrastructure comes back. But my problem is, I think you have to wait. And I know wait is just not what you want to hear. No one really wants to hear somebody come on air and say, I think you have to wait and see. But I think that’s the right thing, the right strategy to advocate. Well, I’m not going to tell people to sell Caterpillar too soon. Look, let’s say Caterpillar goes to 240. Can I tell people, hey, 240, you got to get back in? Are we using a 2007 paradigm, or are we using the other 5-20% declines? Because if it’s the other 5-20% declines, then you can’t sell. You might not have to buy. You can’t sell. “ Overall, CAT ranks 7th on our list of stocks Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CAT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, […] CABGY vs. BF.B: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option? Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
