Title: Jim Cramer on Caterpillar Inc. (CAT): “Don’t Sell Those – It’s a Mistake”
Date: 2025-04-08 18:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-caterpillar-inc-cat-184115531.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Believes Trump Hasn’t Ordered A Market Crash & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Friday, Jim Cramer struggled to understand President Trump’s game plan. The President’s decision to announce tariffs on countries that have a trade surplus with the US roiled the stock market and made Cramer speculate whether the coming Monday would resemble 1987’s infamous Black Monday crash. He commented: “I do think that what’s happened Carl, is that I struggle for why, for what the President’s game plan is. Because if you wanted to make the market, uh, crash, I think you would go with his game plan. I don’t like that, I do not favor that, that’s a they know nothing game plan, and it’s very disappointing. Because I’m a savvy person, business person, surrounded by business people, it should not be in our country’s interest to have the market crash.” Naturally, criticizing the government is controversial and so is speculating about a possible incoming historic market crash. However, Cramer remained defiant and shared with viewers how he withstood the 1987 crash: “Now if I am blamed for what I said, you know what, I don’t play for dinner! I am finally at the darn age where I’m allowed to say that if I mean it. Now I said it a couple of other times and I was right! In every occasion. I was in cash for 1987. In cash. That was not stupid. I was in cash for the crash. I obviously said in 2007 that they knew nothing. That was a good call. I don’t want this to be that call. There’s plenty of opportunity for the President to say, you know I’ve been thinking. We’ll do the TikTok deal. We’ll avoid this.” While he didn’t shun buying stocks, Cramer urged viewers to be careful. “I can’t think of a single reason to buy a stock,” he said. Now I’m on hold, I mean we’ve sold enough stuff for our charitable trust. But I can’t bottom fish! I don’t want to sleep with the fishes!” he added. In his Thursday show, Cramer outlined that stocks were readjusting to lower multiples stemming from tariff-induced higher costs of business. When asked if he was more bearish than his earlier prediction of prices falling for a multiple adjustment, he remarked: “I think that, I find it impossible to believe that the President would actually order a crash. . . .We have a lot of people who have money in the stock market. It’s the bedrock of a lot of 401(k) and IRA. And I think that should play a role too. And I am much more of a hard-line tariff person than the President. . .I hate free trade. I am so much harder line than Navarro! And Trump!” Cramer implored the Trump administration to give companies a path to navigate through tariffs. “You can undo what you did in the next 48 hours,” he said. “It makes no sense to hurt American companies. Give them a path! And then what then we go up!,” he added. To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 4th. For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A construction crew operating a hydraulic shovel during a nighttime project. Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 62 Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) is one of the largest industrial equipment companies in the world. As a result, its hypothesis depends on economic growth and the interest rate environment. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) has struggled lately as low corn and other prices have reduced the demand for its products as farmers held inventory in hopes of price recovery. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT)’s shares dipped by 13.9% on Thursday and Friday. Here’s what Cramer said about the firm: “[On BA and CAT being the worst two Dow names] Yeah I know, I mean because of China, although Caterpillar has diversified away from China so much and Boeing has got so many orders it shouldn’t be. Those are both mistakes. Shouldn’t be. Don’t sell those.” Overall, CAT ranks 4th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CAT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Complete Black Monday Warning Plus 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nucor Corporation (NYSE:NUE) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Friday as markets were crashing for the […] VZ provides critical unmanned aircraft systems to support the New Orleans Police Department during annual Mardi Gras celebrations. Booking Holdings (BKNG) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report. Booking Holdings (BKNG) closed at $4,164.15 in the latest trading session, marking a -1.9% move from the prior day. We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) stands against other defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher Asset […] Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
