Title: Earnings and Tariffs_ This Week's 5 Must Watch Stocks
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 17-05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/earnings-tariffs-weeks-5-must-170500778.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Did you know that the first quarter earnings season kicks off this week? Most people are so consumed with what is happening with the tariffs, that they’ve forgotten that we have an earnings season starting.
Like with the first reporting season after the COVID pandemic started in March 2020, this earnings season will be important to see what impacts the companies are seeing, if any, from Trump Administration’s new tariff regime.
Should You Care About the Banks?
We usually tune into the big bank reports in the first week of earnings, but this week we will be looking at other industries: such as airlines, wine and spirits, used cars, and manufacturing.
It’s a new world right now. The Street won’t care about the actual first quarter results as those were “Before Liberation Day.” They will be looking at any forward-looking guidance because the guidance reflects “After Liberation Day.”
Be prepared for volatility.
5 Must Watch Earnings Charts This Week
1. Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL)
Delta Air Lines has beat 2 out of the last 4 quarters, including last quarter. But fears about the global economy, and consumer demand, has crushed the stock. Delta Air Lines has fallen 32.7% over the last month.
Delta Air Lines is now dirt cheap, with a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) of just 5.5. A P/E under 10 usually indicates a company is extremely cheap.
Is Delta Air Lines a value trap?
2. Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ)
Constellation Brands missed last quarter but prior to that miss, it had beat 7 quarters in a row. Shares of Constellation Brands, the maker of beer, wine, and spirits, are down 8.2% in the last month.
It’s also cheap. Constellation Brands now has a forward P/E of 12.6.
Will Constellation Brands turn it around and beat this quarter?
3. CarMax, Inc. (KMX)
CarMax is coming off a big, 30% earnings surprise last quarter. But prior to that beat, the largest used car retailer had missed three quarters in a row.
Shares of CarMax have been bucking the negative trend, and are down only 4.4% over the last month. It’s not that cheap, however. CarMax has a forward P/E of 19.5.
Will CarMax be a beneficiary of the tariffs on foreign cars?
4. Fastenal Co. (FAST)
Fastenal is coming off a rare earnings miss last quarter. That was only the second earnings miss over the last 5 years.
Shares of Fastenal, a bellwether for manufacturing, are down 11% in the last month. It’s not cheap. Fastenal trades with a forward P/E of 33.5. A P/E over 30 is seen as being expensive.
What will Fastenal tell us about the tariffs and impacts on the manufacturing and construction industries?
5. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)
JPMorgan Chase has a great earnings surprise track record. This big bank has beat 10 quarters in a row.
Shares of JPMorgan Chase finally came off the recent all-time highs, falling 10.5% in the last month.
JPMorgan Chase is still attractively priced for a bank, with a price-to-book (P/B) ratio of just 1.8. A P/B ratio under 2.0, for a bank, is considered attractive.
What are the big banks, like JPMorgan Chase, seeing in this economy right now?
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Fastenal Company (FAST) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Constellation Brands Inc (STZ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
CarMax, Inc. (KMX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for KMX's fiscal fourth-quarter earnings and revenues is pegged at 64 cents per share and $5.97 billion, respectively.
GS is set to report first-quarter 2025 earnings. We assess the factors influencing its performance and how investors should play this stock now.
The retailer says the “range of outcomes’” for operating income growth has widened and that it wants to maintain flexibility to “invest in price as tariffs are implemented.”
Bank of America is slated to report Q1 results on April 15. Let's analyze whether the stock is worth betting on despite the recession risk because of tariffs.
BLK's first-quarter 2025 results are likely to be aided by higher inflows, partially offset by market decline and higher costs.
Delta Air Lines Inc. withdrew its full-year financial guidance due to uncertainty surrounding global trade as it reported first-quarter results. While Delta still anticipates a profit in 2025, it declined to reaffirm the forecast issued in January. Dani Burger reports on Bloomberg Television.
Oil prices swung wildly on Wednesday, sinking to a four-year low in anticipation of slowing economic growth due to a burgeoning trade war, before jumping 2% after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on most of his tariffs.  U.S. benchmark crude followed U.S. markets higher in the afternoon rising 2%, or $1.20, to $60.79 per barrel after the latest reversal by the Trump administration.  Energy prices mostly have been in decline since Trump's inauguration in January, with the cost of a barrel of oil sliding about $20 since the start of the year.
LOCO's ability to manage costs, adapt to evolving consumer preferences, and maintain a differentiated brand identity should support growth.
In the closing of the recent trading day, McDonald's (MCD) stood at $303.58, denoting a +1.25% change from the preceding trading day.
Major corporations from retail to travel have already started to shift business plans as President Donald Trump's tariff plans against major trading partners continues to escalate.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
