Title: Retail Investors’ Dogged Optimism Is Rewarded in Monster Rally
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 08-55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/retail-investors-dogged-optimism-rewarded-085503027.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- As US stocks staged a chart-busting rally on Wednesday after President Donald Trump’s about-face in his trade policy, one group of investors had an especially sweet victory.
Retail traders — who kept buying shares even when benchmark indexes tumbled and institutional investors fled — notched a 17% gain on Wednesday. That helped them nearly break even for the year, according to data from Emma Wu, JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s global quantitative and derivatives strategist. The S&P 500 Index fell 7.2% in the same period.
“We saw a strong preponderance of buying activity among our most active names, even during the worst of the selloff,” said Steve Sosnick, chief strategist at Interactive Brokers. “Active, small investors remained committed to buying the dips in their favorite names, generally large technology stocks, and that zeal was rewarded in the market melt-up.”
Individual traders kept buying US stocks even with trade tensions escalating, economists warning of a possible recession and concerns emerging that the euphoria around artificial intelligence may have gone too far. While Trump’s latest set of tariffs sent the S&P 500 down 12% in four days, the group spent $11 billion net in cash equities in the week ended on Wednesday, significantly above the average over the past year, JPMorgan’s Wu said.
“Their relentless confidence through this turmoil has paid off,” she said.
Retail investors — who rose to prominence during the Covid-19 pandemic for using social media to swap trading advice — are also among the most likely to take cues from Trump’s posts on Truth Social and X.
Hours before announcing the pause in tariffs, Trump urged investors on social media to “BE COOL,” saying “THIS IS A GREAT TIME TO BUY” and predicting “everything is going to work out well.”
At online brokerage platform Moomoo, retail investors’ cash level increased by 15% recently, as they accumulated buying power to take advantage of the market weakness, according to Neil McDonald, the company’s US chief executive officer.
The most actively traded names over the past two weeks were their perennial favorites: Tesla Inc., Nvidia Corp. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. They also piled into leveraged exchange-traded funds, including the Direxion Daily TSLA Bull 2x Shares and ProShares UltraPro QQQ, which aims to return three times the daily performance of the Nasdaq 100 Index.
“They have been consistently buying the dips and did not capitalize in the recent turmoil, unlike mutual funds and hedge funds,” McDonald said.
--With assistance from Yiqin Shen.
(Adds details on Trump’s social-media post from sixth paragraph)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- Short sellers, or traders who wager on share price declines, are up $159 billion in paper profits over just six trading days after an escalating trade war sent the US stock market plummeting down more than 10%. The biggest market drawdown since 2022 on President Donald Trump’s pronouncement of sweeping worldwide tariffs made bets against an exchange traded fund tracking the S&P 500 Index, known as SPY, the most profitable short bet in that timeframe, according to data from S3 Part
Shares of several leading Chinese companies that trade in the U.S. were solidly higher Wednesday.  Alibaba gained more than 6%.  As such, Trump said he was going to raise so-called reciprocal tariffs on China to 125%.
LUMN teams up with Google Cloud to deliver secure, high-speed network solutions, empowering enterprises to meet growing AI demands.
We recently published a list of 20 Stocks Insiders Bought in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Domo, Inc. (NASDAQ:DOMO) stands against other stocks that insiders bought in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. President Donald Trump called April 2 a “Liberation Day” after signing […]
Tesla&nbsp;is opening up shop in Saudi Arabia in the latest sign that CEO&nbsp;Elon Musk&nbsp;has put to rest a once-bitter feud with Yasir Al Rumayyan, head of the $925 billion&nbsp;Public Investment Fund. Bloomberg's Matthew Martin reports.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other AI stocks investors are watching today. Tech experts strongly believe that the new tariffs could potentially slow down the AI boom. “The AI Revolution […]
HSNGY, BABA and CME made it to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) momentum stocks list on April 9, 2025.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
