Title: Canadian Officials Said to Plan Meeting With US Banks After Trump Complaints
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 16-54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/canadian-officials-said-plan-meeting-165409007.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- The Canadian government has invited representatives from US banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co. for a meeting, according to people with knowledge of the matter, after US President Donald Trump complained that American banks have trouble doing business in Canada.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Midtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall Collapse
In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
Helicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple Fatalities
Inside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick Collection
Bank of America Corp. is also among the firms invited, the people said. Details of the meeting with officials from Canada’s Department of Finance, including timing, are still being determined, said the people, who asked not to be identified discussing confidential information.
Representatives for JPMorgan and Bank of America declined to comment, while a finance department spokesperson didn’t provide a comment.
Trump has claimed on a number of occasions, including in a February CNN interview, that American banks aren’t allowed to do business in Canada. That is not the case. More than a dozen US banks currently operate in Canada, including JPMorgan, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and American Express Co. But Canadian banks dominate in many lines of business, including retail banking.
Canadian banks underwrote 96% of loonie-denominated corporate bonds — a key part of activity in Canadian capital markets — in 2024, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. In other countries, foreign banks often have larger market share of such deals. US banks accounted for a little over half of US-dollar debt deals, and in Australia, domestic banks accounted for 65% of debt underwriting last year.
The three American banks licensed to receive retail deposits in Canada do not offer a full array of consumer banking services and instead tend to focus on wealth management and services for business.
Banco Santander SA last month won a Canadian banking license, though the bank’s plan for the market is unclear.
The last foreign bank with a significant branch banking operation in the country, HSBC Holdings Plc, sold that operation to Royal Bank of Canada last year. Stifel Financial Corp. closed its Calgary office last year, ending a run in Canada’s energy investment banking sector.
Canada is in the midst of an election that will conclude on April 28.
--With assistance from Christine Dobby.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Modelo Especial owner Constellation Brands' beer sales are taking a hit as demand from Hispanic populations in key U.S. states slows down amid Trump's crackdown on immigration, company executives said on Thursday.  President Trump has kicked off a sweeping immigration crackdown after taking office in January, ratcheting up pressures on the Hispanic consumers burdened by higher prices of food and other essentials as well as elevated unemployment rates.  Modelo Especial is made exclusively in Mexico, and is imported and marketed in the United States by Constellation Brands.
After a rip-roaring rally yesterday, stocks resumed their sell-off today, as unrest about tariffs and U.S.-Chinese relations once again found the spotlight.  Shares of JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) traded roughly 4% lower.  Shares of Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) and Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) had fallen roughly 4.6% and 5.7%, respectively.
Goldman (GS) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
When Donald Trump offered some financial advice Wednesday morning, stocks were wavering between gains and losses.  Less than four hours later, Trump announced a 90-day pause on nearly all his tariffs.  “He’s loving this, this control over markets, but he better be careful,” said Trump critic and former White House ethics lawyer, Richard Painter, noting that securities law prohibits trading on insider information or helping others do so.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
