Title: Cash-back credit cards_ finding the best one for you
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 09-01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/cash-back-credit-cards-finding-090135136.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Your credit card can pay you cash back, if you choose the right one for you. Companies like American Express (AXP), JP Morgan Chase (JPM), Costco (COST), Target (TGT), and Walmart (WMT) all offer cards with perks. But the key is choosing the right one for you. Yahoo Finance anchor Brad Smith breaks down the three basic types of cash-back cards and what to consider as you make your decisions.
Click here for more on cash-back credit cards.
A cashback credit card could be your best rewards credit card. Here's why and how to choose the right one for you.
Let's start with the basics. There are generally three types of cashback cards: flat rate cashback credit cards, just like it sounds, these cards give you a flat rate on nearly all of your purchases, usually 1 to 2%. So, let's say your card offers 2% unlimited cashback on purchases. If you spend $2,000 during a statement cycle, then you'll earn $40 back. Usually that $40 can be credited to your account, and sometimes, it can be applied to gift cards or merchandise. Now, this card could work if you'd like to earn rewards on your everyday spending, but you don't want to track spending categories. Tiered cashback credit cards. These cards offer different rewards rates on different categories. For example, American Express currently has a card that offers 6% cashback at US grocery stores and 3% cashback on ride shares and parking. Now, rotating cashback cards. For these cards, your top rewards categories, they rotate. Today, Chase has a card that offers 5% cashback on bonus categories that typically change each quarter. Now, this card can work as long as you remember to manually activate the new categories in your account.
So, how do you decide? First, take a look at your bank statements or receipts. Where do you spend the most should be the question that you're asking. Do you eat out a lot or do you perhaps mostly cook at home? What your receipts tell you will determine if you should choose a cashback card that rewards dining or groceries, or perhaps another spending category. Second, look at where you shop. For example, grocery purchases from wholesale clubs, including Costco, and superstores, such as Walmart and Target, are often excluded from grocery store rewards. Cashback credit cards can be simple to use, and you don't have to track and convert points. Typically, there are low to no annual fees. However, like most rewards credit cards, cashback cards have very high interest rates. Something to be aware of if you don't pay your bill in full every month on time. They also require a good credit score, about 700 and above for approval.
Want to learn more? Scan the QR code for more information on the best cashback credit cards.
Wong Kok Hoi, founder of APS Asset Management, says Chinese investors have adapted to "hostile" US actions on mainland firms. However, he argues that the risk premium has gone up under this period of "great uncertainty and irrationality." He speaks with David Ingles and Annabelle Droulers on "Bloomberg: The China Show."
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Earn 5% cash back on valuable Discover cash-back rotating categories like grocery stores, Target, gas stations, and Amazon.com.
Credit utilization is a big part of your credit score, and you should take steps to manage it well.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
