Title: Investors Flee Oil Bear Fund in Biggest Move Since 2020
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 15-42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/investors-cash-oil-bear-fund-141849423.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- An exchange-traded product tied to declines in the oil market just saw its biggest outflow of funds since 2020. With crude prices crashing to a four-year low, some investors pulled out of the fund to cash in on profits.
Oil has been hit by the one-two punch of OPEC+ choosing to ramp up output hours after US President Donald Trump last week unveiled a spate of trade policies that were especially punishing to major crude-importing economies, including China and India. Futures in New York on Wednesday were on track for a fifth session of losses and are trading near the lowest levels since 2021.
Some investors are growing wary over how much further prices will fall and have chosen to cash in on their bearish bets. The ProShares UltraShort Bloomberg Crude Oil ETF, an exchange-traded product that seeks to return twice the inverse of the daily performance of its underlying index, saw an outflow of $72.2 million on Monday, according to fresh data. That’s the biggest net-withdrawal since markets cratered at the beginning of the Covid pandemic.
The ETF also saw a $19 million outflow the following day, marking the largest two-day decline since 2011.
Meanwhile, inflows for the United States Oil Fund, the largest ETF tracking the price of oil, surged on Friday by $275 million to the highest levels since 2020. It posted an outflow of $98.7 million in the following session.
Recent dramatic price moves have lured investors of all stripes back to the crude market after an extended period of depressed trading. Crude markets saw an $11.6 billion net inflow in the week ending April 4, JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Tracey Allen wrote in a note to clients. Open interest across the WTI futures curve has also surged in recent sessions to the highest in over three months.
In ETF trading, individual investors have made it a habit to leverage economic downturns to skim profits off of security basksets that can be bought and sold via amateur-friendly single trades. A massive influx of these so-called oil tourists contributed to briefly pushing US crude into negative territory at the onset of the global pandemic. Just recently, as escalating tensions in the Middle East threatened to curtail global flows, retail traders poured money into the USO fund.
Though opportunistic investors have traditionally gone for equities, the popularity of commodity-linked products has increased over recent times as retail brokers like Robinhood make it easier to place trades, according to Christina Qi, chief executive officer of Databento.
While that’s helped to reinforce liquidity, it’s also a portent of choppy trading. One measure of volatility jumped this week to the highest level since November.
“Retail-driven flows can increase headline liquidity but also amplify short-term risk, particularly in fast-moving macroeconomic environments,” Qi said. “If the mood of the market suddenly changes, that money can dry up super quickly and increase risk.”
(Updates with new outflow figures in the third paragraph. A previous version corrected the fund name.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said he thinks a recession is a likely outcome from President Trump’s tariffs. Asked on Fox Business Wednesday morning if he expects a recession, he said, “I am going to defer to my economists at this point but I think probably.
Forward Air said Wednesday that 10% to 15% of last year’s revenue would have been impacted by the new tariffs. The post Forward Air flags 10% to 15% revenue impact from new tariffs appeared first on FreightWaves.
A plunge in oil prices below $60 per barrel due to an escalating trade war may trigger anxiety across the U.S. oil patch, likely forcing companies to double down on measures including cuts to share buybacks and capital expenditures, analysts have said.  Brent crude and West Texas Intermediate (WTI) futures slid to their lowest since February 2021, as sweeping tariffs imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump sparked concerns of a recession amid signs of higher supply from top producers.  Raymond James analyst Pavel Molchanov said some producers might reduce 2025 capex if the downturn persists, though broader cuts will depend on the depth and duration of the slump.
U.S. crude oil stockpiles rose last week as imports increased and exports fell to their lowest since January, while gasoline and distillate inventories drew down, the Energy Information Administration said on Wednesday.  Crude inventories rose by 2.6 million barrels to 442.3 million barrels in the week ended April 4, the EIA said, compared with analysts' expectations in a Reuters poll for a 1.4 million-barrel rise.  Net U.S. crude imports rose last week by 360,000 barrels per day to just under 3 million bpd as exports fell 637,000 bpd to 3.2 million bpd, the data showed.
(Bloomberg) -- The angry mutterings at the Permian Basin Petroleum Association’s “Spring Swing” golf tournament this week weren’t all about missed putts or lost balls. The Texas oilmen on the fairways had a more serious concern: The president they helped elect was tanking oil prices.The market rout sparked by President Donald Trump’s trade war is touching almost every part of the economy. But there are probably few industries feeling more aggrieved right now than US shale oil. Over the last 15 y
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve policymakers worry U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policy could deal a blow to economic growth, but are signaling they will not be quick to ride to the rescue with interest rate cuts because they expect higher tariffs to boost inflation.  The minutes of the U.S. central bank's mid-March meeting, released on Wednesday, showed that Fed officials already felt they were operating in a thickening cloud of uncertainty that had the potential to slow consumer spending and business investment and also called for a cautious approach on rate-setting.  That was before Trump's April 2 announcement of sweeping tariffs triggered a global stock market rout on fears of recession and a sharp rise in Treasury yields that raised alarm bells about potential financial market instability.
Shares of several major pharmaceutical companies slumped Wednesday morning as President Donald Trump threatened tariffs on the industry.
Global shipments of personal computers rose 9.4% in the first quarter of this year as PC makers boosted consignments to the United States in anticipation of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs, research firm Canalys said on Wednesday.  As higher tariffs on more countries across the globe take effect, both direct and indirect impacts could dampen a recovery in the PC market for the remainder of the year, Canalys said.  Pulling in shipments to the first quarter in anticipation of tariffs "allowed manufacturers and the channel to stock up ahead of potential cost increases, boosting sell-in shipments despite otherwise stable end-user demand," said Ishan Dutt, principal analyst at Canalys.
Nationwide, the average real estate sale listing goes under contract in about 33 days, according to the most recent data from Zillow. But national averages don't necessarily reflect what's happening...
Gold stocks could be one of the few ways to hedge your portfolio amid the ongoing tariff turmoil.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
