Title: Nasdaq Bear Market_ Why I'm Buying This High-Yielding Nasdaq ETF Hand Over Fist as the Market Sells
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 10-18
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/nasdaq-bear-market-why-im-buying-this-high-yieldin/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=a1c28136-5366-47c5-bcbb-5c0060bfcdbf&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
At the time of this writing, the Nasdaq Composite index is experiencing a ferocious bear market, cratering nearly 25% from its peak late last year. The sell-off has intensified recently due to growing concerns about how the Trump administration's "reciprocal tariff" policies will affect the global economy. Many economists and financial experts are increasingly concerned that they could spark a global trade war that could ignite a recession.
The market volatility could last a while. That's one reason why I've been loading up on the JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF (JEPQ -3.65%). The exchange-traded fund (ETF) enables investors to benefit from the upside potential of the Nasdaq-100 with less volatility. One way it does that is by distributing income to investors each month. With the ETF's price falling alongside the market, I expect to generate more income and higher returns from this position in the future.
The JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF has a dual mandate. The fund aims to provide investors with a monthly income stream. It also seeks to give them exposure to the upside of the Nasdaq-100 with less volatility.
The fund has a two-part strategy to achieve this goal:
The fund aims to deliver similar upside to the Nasdaq-100 index. The ETF outperformed that index in the fourth quarter of 2024. Contributing to its outperformance in the period was a higher weighting to Marvell Technology, which had a strong quarter due to the significant growth of its data center segment. The fund also benefited from a lower weighting to Applied Materials, which slumped in the period due to concerns about its guidance for the upcoming quarter.
The ETF has also delivered a better relative performance during the Nasdaq's plunge this year.

^NDX data by YCharts.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
The other factor contributing to its higher relative total return compared to the Nasdaq-100 is the options premium income the fund generates and distributes to investors. This income fluctuates from month to month based on the amount of income it collects from writing options on the index. What's notable about options premiums is that market volatility is one of the things that factors into the price. As market volatility increases, options premiums rise. Because of that, the income generated by this fund should increase in the near term, which should support higher monthly distribution payments.
The fund already offers a lucrative monthly income stream. As the chart below shows, it has a much higher yield relative to other asset classes.
Image source: JPMorgan Asset Management.
That already high yield will likely be even more lucrative as the fund capitalizes on the increased volatility to generate more options income in the current environment. This income will help provide a tangible return to help further offset the decline in the ETF's value during the market sell-off. Meanwhile, even when volatility eventually subsides (which it always does), the fund should still produce lucrative monthly income, especially from the lower level that I added to my position.
The current bear market in the Nasdaq is the perfect opportunity to load up on the JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF. The fund provides a less volatile way to invest in the index, which offers high return potential. It also pays a lucrative monthly income stream, giving me a tangible return and cash flow to reinvest as other opportunities emerge. I plan to continue buying shares of the ETF if the Nasdaq keeps falling, to boost my income and future return potential when the market eventually recovers.



Before you buy stock in JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


Matt DiLallo has positions in JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Applied Materials. The Motley Fool recommends Marvell Technology. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/10/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
