Title: Wall Street execs privately credit Dimon and Ackman for swaying Trump on tariffs
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 14-00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-execs-privately-credit-140019898.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) — Wall Street has gotten its way for decades, Scott Bessent argued Wednesday morning, declaring “It’s Main Street’s turn.” Then Wall Street had its best day in 16 years.
Hours after the Treasury secretary’s full-throated defense of Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day” tariffs, the president embraced an idea pushed by billionaire hedge funder Bill Ackman: Pause the levies for 90 days, rather than — as Ackman put it — risking a “self-induced, economic nuclear winter.”
For days, Ackman’s proposal had been floating around as a symbol of Wall Street’s waning influence — one of many public pleas from an industry unable to steer Trump away from what it saw as a cataclysm for global markets and everyday people. Then the president pivoted.
“This was brilliantly executed by @realDonaldTrump,” Ackman fired off in response on X. “Textbook, Art of the Deal.”
After a week of grinding their teeth, Wall Street executives have prevailed again, reestablishing their political potency. Trump’s move followed recession warnings from the likes of Jamie Dimon, whose TV appearance early Wednesday was watched by the president, as well as strong words from billionaires Ken Griffin and Stan Druckenmiller.
When Trump abruptly changed course that afternoon, the industry swung from seething to a moment of levity — even if few trust that it will last. Indeed, US stock indexes were down more than 2% on Thursday.
But a day earlier, whoops and laughs erupted on trading floors at Citigroup Inc. (C) and Barclays Plc (BCS) as the S&P 500 (^GSPC) notched its best day since 2008. Some traders bemoaned their misfortune after not buying the dip, while others took relief in the knowledge their personal investment portfolios would jump. The richest people in the world added $304 billion to their combined net worth, the biggest one-day gain in the history of the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) Chief Executive Officer David Solomon was holed up in a hotel room between calls with worried clients, when he swiveled toward the TV and saw the news that the tariffs were on pause. His first call was to Ashok Varadhan, the bank’s trading chief, to ask how the markets were reacting.
Investors are breathing a sigh of relief, Varadhan replied, according to a person briefed on the discussion. Goldman had just predicted a US recession. After Trump’s announcement, it pulled that call.
Inside another major bank, a memo circulated showing trading volumes in most asset classes ranked as a 9 on a scale of 10.
Yet doubts abound. Many executives quickly reminded their workforces that Trump had merely called a time-out and that the famously mercurial president could again change course any moment. Not to mention, his announcement ratcheted up the US tariff on goods from China to 125%.
When markets closed, one executive quipped that traders wouldn’t be celebrating so much as just drinking — with plenty of tariff chaos still ahead.
Just months ago, Wall Street was giddy over Trump’s victory, imagining an administration that would cater to its wants and needs — rolling back regulation, unleashing deals and keeping tax rates low.
Sure, Trump could be chaotic, but executives figured they could rely on his fixation with the stock market’s performance, as was the case during his first term. Also reassuring, his Cabinet included investing veteran Bessent at Treasury and Cantor Fitzgerald’s longtime leader, Howard Lutnick, atop the Commerce Department.
Those expectations evaporated as Trump fixated on tariffs.
Not long after last week’s Liberation Day, Wall Street CEOs met with Lutnick and were left fuming. While they sought insight into the new policies, Lutnick offered broad assurances that Trump knew what he was doing, according to people with knowledge of the conversation. Later, at least some of the CEOs derided the commerce secretary to their colleagues.
Meanwhile, Bessent, viewed by the industry as more amenable, was perceived as playing second fiddle in trade conversations. Responding to a question about the tariffs after their unveiling, he replied, “I’m not part of the negotiations.”
One takeaway for the financial industry is that, instead of relying on intermediaries, the best way to reach Trump is on the platforms he watches: TV and social media.
For days, JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Dimon resisted requests to go on television to calm markets. Then on Wednesday morning he kept a previously scheduled appearance with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo and delivered a starkly different message: The market is right to be on edge. The tariffs will hurt borrowers and make recession a “likely outcome,” US banking’s elder statesman said.
Trump initially seemed to brush off the remarks on Truth Social, posting a quote from Dimon that made it look like he was endorsing the policies. But after pausing tariffs, the president praised the banker as a financial genius.
“He was very good,” Trump said outside the White House, noting Dimon had acknowledged the need to address unfair trading relationships.
Bessent was also outside the White House alongside press secretary Karoline Leavitt minutes after the announcement, taking questions from reporters on the pause.
“It was the president’s decision to wait until today,” Bessent said. “As I’ve said in the past, no one creates leverage for himself like President Trump.”
Still, executives across the industry privately credited Ackman and Dimon for helping to sway Trump, even if they weren’t the only voices calling for a more cautious approach.
Advisers to financial and manufacturing companies had been lobbying administration officials in recent days for more time before the tariffs took effect, according to one of those making the pitch. Government representatives had appeared unmoved by the appeals, arguing that Trump had clearly telegraphed his intentions for months, the person said.
Some executives who felt relieved by Trump’s announcement were also annoyed.
Investor George Seay, a seventh-generation Texan who voted for Trump three times, was losing his patience when the news crossed.
“It’s been a fire drill for a week around here — it’s been miserable,” said the founder and chairman of Annandale Capital, which oversees about $1.5 billion for wealthy people, families and institutions. Some of the firm’s clients were getting “really upset and nervous — and there’s been a lot of anger at Trump.”
The way Seay sees it, the tariffs are a terrible idea. When the pause hit, his thought was that it came a week too late — “but better late than never.”
Then he sat for lunch with his colleagues. Even though they had bought stocks on Thursday, Friday and Monday, they wondered if they should have done even more.
“Nah,” Seay told them. That’s because he thinks the market could wobble again: “We had a bunch of bullets left over to buy even more, but we’re going to sit tight.”
More: Which markets will best weather the continuing tariff uncertainty? Tell us in the latest MLIV Pulse survey.
For some industry veterans, Wall Street’s latest win had a whiff of inevitability.
Jefferies Financial Group Inc. CEO Rich Handler raised the notion over lunch with Mathieu Chabran, the co-founder of Tikehau Capital, at Coco’s at Colette on Fifth Avenue. He saw it as one of two extreme scenarios: Either circuit breakers would trip as investors fled the US or Trump would appear on social media, saving the day and setting off a 15% rally. By the time Chabran’s cold green pea soup and Handler’s French onion arrived, the market was in a historic spike, prompting laughter from the duo.
Bob Diamond, the former Barclays CEO who now runs Atlas Merchant Capital, was in his office in Midtown Manhattan when he heard the news. For a moment, he allowed himself a brag, reminding two colleagues that he, too, had predicted something like this.
Then a grimmer thought set in: “Does this change the fact that we’ve created a different relationship with our closest allies?” he said. “The damage done to the trust and confidence in the United States as an ally and partner has not been fixed.”
—With assistance from Gillian Tan, Dawn Lim, Katherine Burton, Loukia Gyftopoulou, Laura Benitez, Annie Massa, Katherine Doherty, Sonali Basak and Silla Brush.
(Adds Thursday stock moves in the sixth paragraph.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
Wall Street reacts to president Trump's surprising move on tariffs.
President Donald Trump's pause on some announced import taxes may have eased the stress building in financial markets for now, but leaves in place the same set of circumstances that had reset the U.S. economic outlook with rising recession risks and potentially rising inflation.  Major tariffs on China, Mexico and Canada remain in place, accounting for the bulk of U.S. imports, and the public, investors and the U.S. Federal Reserve now have three more months of uncertainty around where a disruptive debate will settle.  With the stage set for a downturn in confidence that Fed officials already worry is sidelining spending and investment, policymakers this week said they continued to view the tariffs as a blow to economic growth that also raised the risk of higher inflation and leaves monetary policy at a difficult crossroads.
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon called a US recession a 'likely outcome' and warned that a negative market reaction to Trump trade policies "could get worse if we don't make some progress."
The sneaker business illustrates how Trump's tariffs on imports will raise costs for businesses and consumers while generating no new American jobs, for a net loss to the US economy.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
