Title: Veteran Investor Sings the Praises of Nvidia (NVDA), JPMorgan (JPM)
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 13-28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veteran-investor-sings-praises-nvidia-132818891.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Nvidia (NVDA) stock "is pretty underappreciated now," Tom Plumb, the president of Plumb Funds, told Schwab Network recently. Plumb also noted that he had recently bought JPMorgan (JPM) stock.
NVDA Is Key to "the Digital Revolution," Plumb Says
NVDA is "really fueling all aspects of the digital revolution," the investor stated. It's involved in AI and many other new digital technologies, he noted.
He reported that NVDA's top line is expected to jump 40% to 50% this year, while its profit margins are projected to come in at 60%, and it is trading at a price-to-earnings ratio of just 20 times.
In light of these points, NVDA stock "is pretty underappreciated right now," he said.
JPM Is Cheap, Plumb Says
Calling JPM "one of the best financial institutions in the world," Plumb noted that the shares are changing hands at just 12 times the bank's earnings.
"If you buy JPM now, I think you'll be fine even in a worst-case scenario," Plumb said.
The Recent Price Action of NVDA Stock
In the last month, the shares are down 17%, while they have retreated 31% in the last three months.
While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Chinese factories that offered price cuts for American consumers after President Trump’s earlier tariff hikes say the total rate now is a deal breaker.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) will release its first-quarter financial results before the opening bell on Friday, April 11. Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at $4.64 per share, up from $4.44 per share in the year-ago period. JPMorgan projects quarterly revenue of $44.14 billion, compared to $41.93 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon warned on Wednesday that escalating U.S.-China trade tensions have significantly incre
Forced selling drives shares of NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) down.
CEO Doug McMillon told investors "nothing about the current environment impacts our confidence in our business or strategy."
Nvidia Stock Quote | Nvidia Ratings Are These Magnificent Seven Stocks A Buy Now? Alphabet | Amazon | Apple | Meta | Microsoft | Nvidia | Tesla Nvidia Stock News And Analysis Nvidia Cleared To Sell H20 AI Chips To China As Trump Backs OffThe Trump administration reportedly has backed off plans to impose further restrictions on the computer chips Nvidia...
Though they're scheduled a bit away, the reports of both NVIDIA and Walmart reflect critically important releases. Given recent economic developments, have analysts become bearish?
Nvidia  was rising on Wednesday as the market was roiled by the imposition of tariffs.  The chip maker’s stock is attracting some bargain hunters, including portfolio manager Cathie Wood.  Nvidia shares were up 2.9% at $99.08 in morning trading on Wednesday.
We came across a bullish thesis on Vertiv Holdings Co (VRT) on Substack by Charly AI. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on VRT. Vertiv Holdings Co (VRT)’s share was trading at $62.90 as of April 8th. VRT’s trailing and forward P/E were 49.14 and 17.57 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Vertiv (VRT) offers […]
Bear market and recession buzz are strong on Wall Street these days. Should you fear these?
We came across a bullish thesis on Arista Networks Inc (ANET) on Substack by Charly AI. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ANET. Arista Networks Inc (ANET)’s share was trading at $69.50 as of April 8th. ANET’s trailing and forward P/E were 31.17 and 27.55 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Arista Networks (ANET) […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
