Title: Trump tariffs should be reworked but not withdrawn_ Veteran economist
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 13-19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-tariffs-should-be-reworked-but-not-withdrawn-veteran-economist-131916819.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Listen and subscribe to Opening Bid on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Amazon Music, YouTube or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.
Whatever billionaire investor and Trump convert Bill Ackman meant this week by suggesting the president's self-induced trade war would cause an "economic nuclear winter," one long-time economist refutes the bombastic call out.
"Well, I like Bill Ackman, and I think he's been very open-minded and kind of transferred over into the Trump camp," Independent Institute senior fellow and veteran economist Judy Shelton said on Yahoo Finance's Opening Bid podcast (video above; listen in below). "So he appreciates some aspects of that. I was a little disappointed to see that comment by Bill Ackman because it's kind of saying we cry uncle and that's it."
Shelton was an economic adviser on the recent Trump transition team. She was unsuccessfully nominated by Trump in his first term for a position at the Federal Reserve.
In the past, she has been critical of government bureaucracy and the power of the Federal Reserve over the economy and asset markets. She maintains a bullish view on gold's (GC=F) usefulness in the financial system.
"We had three really bad days in the market, and this is scary," Shelton said. "I don't want to suggest that I would trivialize that people feel the losses. And I would say people in their sixties who are thinking about retirement see a lot of their nest egg draining away, and they have a right to be concerned."
"But I don't think that the tariff program should be withdrawn," she added. "Like, oh, never mind. I think that perhaps it could have been crafted more effectively because there's too much uncertainty. I think the goals had to be clarified. Is it a money generator or is it a way to give domestic productivity a chance? So maybe maybe we'll get some of that. Maybe it can be revamped somewhat."
Markets have been tossed into a tizzy this month as Trump's tariffs have officially gone into effect, most notably a 104% rate on China that kicked in today.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI), Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC), and S&P 500 (^GSPC) are all down about 10% from March 31 to April 8. Momentum stocks that have minted money for many investors over the past two years are down even more this month — with Nvidia (NVDA) and Apple (AAPL) down 12% and 21%, respectively.
Signals on the health of the US economy have begun to weaken beyond the pressure on the stock market.
Read more: How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility
The Atlanta Federal Reserve's GDPNow forecast for the first quarter implies a 2.8% decline in gross domestic product (GDP).
Meanwhile, many economists on Wall Street, including those at Goldman Sachs, continue to ratchet up their recession probability forecasts for 2025.
The spike in uncertainty and market volatility has caused corporate America to begin speaking out in the hopes of swaying Trump's view on tariffs.
“The President has an opportunity on Monday to call a time out and have the time to execute on fixing an unfair tariff system. Alternatively, we are heading for a self-induced, economic nuclear winter, and we should start hunkering down,” Ackman said in a post on X on April 6.
“May cooler heads prevail,” he added.
JPMorgan (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon also weighed in this week via his closely watched annual letter to shareholders.
“The recent tariffs will likely increase inflation and are causing many to consider a greater probability of a recession,” Dimon warned. “Whether or not the menu of tariffs causes a recession remains in question, but it will slow down growth.”
He said, "The quicker this issue is resolved, the better because some of the negative effects increase cumulatively over time and would be hard to reverse."
Three times each week, I field insight-filled conversations and chats with the biggest names in business and markets on Opening Bid. You can find more episodes on our video hub or watch on your preferred streaming service.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
President Trump was clearly willing to let the stock market melt down after announcing enormous tariffs on U.S. trading partners last week — but the bond market was likely a bridge too far.
Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) has reportedly fired two employees who disrupted the tech giant's 50th-anniversary event on Friday after protesting the company's contracts with Israel and accusing its AI CEO of war profiteering. What Happened: Ibtihal Aboussad and Vaniya Agrawal, both Microsoft employees, staged protests during the company's high-profile 50th-anniversary event in Redmond, Washington. Don’t Miss: Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transform
Wall Street reacts to president Trump's surprising move on tariffs.
Billionaire backers of President Donald Trump are watching their fortunes tumble as tariffs take a toll on Big Tech.
(Bloomberg) -- The US slashed its forecasts for global oil demand growth and domestic crude production as US President Donald Trump’s tariff moves puts a cloud over the economic outlook.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionGlobal o
Real estate investment trusts could be poised to outperform the broader market in an uncertain economic climate, UBS analysts said Wednesday.
Wondering how to pick strong, market-beating stocks for your investment portfolio? Look no further than the Zacks Style Scores.
By declaring a trade war on the rest of the world, President Donald Trump has panicked global financial markets, raised the risk of a recession and broken the political and economic alliances that made much of the world stable for business after World War II.  Trump's latest round of tariffs went into full effect at midnight Wednesday, with higher import tax rates on dozens of countries and territories taking hold.  Economists are puzzled to see Trump trying to overhaul the existing economic order and doing it so soon after inheriting the strongest economy in the world.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
