Title: Why Bank Stocks JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo Are Falling Ahead of Earnings
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 20-12
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/why-bank-stocks-jpmorgan-chase-bank-of-america-and/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=619c77f5-6273-41ec-a397-18ec6b8ac815&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
After a rip-roaring rally yesterday, stocks resumed their sell-off today, as unrest about tariffs and U.S.-Chinese relations once again found the spotlight. The Dow Jones Industrial Average traded more than 1,100 points down in the final half-hour of trading, while the broader benchmark S&P 500 had fallen close to 3.8%.
Large bank stocks also slid as the group prepared to kick off first-quarter earnings season tomorrow morning. Shares of JPMorgan Chase (JPM -3.08%) traded roughly 4% lower. Shares of Bank of America (BAC -3.66%) and Wells Fargo (WFC -5.00%) had fallen roughly 4.6% and 5.7%, respectively.
The shock and awe of Trump's tariff pause yesterday seemed to make investors forget their troubles, close their short positions, and buy stocks like there's no tomorrow. But once investors regrouped this morning, they seemed to remember that significant tariffs, including 25% levies on steel, aluminum, and automobiles and a base 10% level of tariffs on most countries, are still in place.
Furthermore, Trump left tariffs on China in place and actually raised them to 145%, setting up a trade showdown between the two countries over the next 90 days. Meanwhile, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson this morning said that while the country is not looking for a trade war, it will also not back down if tariffs bring one to fruition.
Tariffs have led economists and analysts to lower their expectations for U.S. growth, and banks live and die with the economy, at least in the near term. JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo will formally kick off earnings season tomorrow morning, with Bank of America scheduled to report next Tuesday. Analysts at Morgan Stanley issued an earnings preview this morning, revising their view on large- and mid-cap bank stocks from attractive to in line.
"Trade developments move our base case to a significant gross domestic product slowdown, with risk of our bear case recession scenario rising sharply," Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck said in her note. Furthermore, Graseck said that investment banking revenues have the "fastest-twitch response within the financials sector to recession risk and deteriorating market conditions" and will be impacted more quickly than loan growth.
JPMorgan and Bank of America are more highly exposed to investment banking, while Wells Fargo is much less geographically diverse and focused more in the U.S.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025
Given everything that's occurred over the last week, more investors will be watching bank earnings than normal, looking for clues about the economy, although the larger effect from tariffs has yet to be felt.
I'm not exactly sure what to expect tomorrow. I'm less worried about the results and more interested in guidance. Morgan Stanley expects management teams to trim guidance, given the outlook for investment banking and wealth management. However, if banks can somehow hold guidance or bring it down less than expected, shares could get a bounce.
Valuations have come down significantly this year, particularly at Bank of America, which now trades at only 133% of its tangible book value and is starting to look attractive. I don't think any of these stocks are bad picks long term, but I do think they could continue to take a hit in the near term as investors remain uncertain about the trajectory of the economy.



Before you buy stock in JPMorgan Chase, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and JPMorgan Chase wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


Wells Fargo is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. JPMorgan Chase is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Bram Berkowitz has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/10/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
