Title: Verizon says Google AI for customer service agents has led to sales jump
Date: 2025-04-09 12:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/verizon-says-google-ai-customer-120648667.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. By Kenrick Cai SAN FRANCISCO - Verizon (VZ) said an AI assistant for the company's customer service representatives built using Google (GOOG) models had cut down on call times and freed them up to sell products to customers, leading to a surge in sales. An AI assistant on their screen helps the customer service agents figure out the right answers to customers' queries. Verizon first started deploying the new AI features in July 2024, ramping them up to full scale in January. Sales through its 28,000-person service team are up nearly 40% since their deployment, according to Sampath Sowmyanarayan, CEO of Verizon's consumer group. "We are doing reskilling in real time from customer care agents to selling agents," he said. The AI-driven shift at Verizon, announced during Google Cloud's annual conference, may serve as a counterpoint to concerns from some public market investors that tech giants are spending too much on AI without big payoffs. Many prospective enterprise customers are still deliberating whether and how to expand adoption of buzzy generative AI technologies from trial runs to wide-scale deployment. "Compared to what other people are doing, this is enormous scale," Google Cloud CEO Thomas Kurian told Reuters. Kurian's unit is a key driver of growth for Alphabet, accounting for $43 billion of its $350 billion revenue in 2024. Verizon's new internal software was created by feeding nearly 15,000 internal documents into a version of Google's flagship Gemini large language model, Sowmyanarayan said. Its efforts contrast with some companies, like Swedish payments group Klarna, which have opted to use AI to replace customer service staffers. Sowmyanarayan said there are "much easier ways" to reduce costs. Verizon primarily partners with two cloud providers: Amazon for application deployment and computing infrastructure, and Google Cloud for analytics and AI. It picked Google over competitors because of its ability to deploy the AI offerings to tens of thousands of people, Sowmyanarayan said. (Reporting by Kenrick Cai in San Francisco; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Do you ever wonder how long you should hang onto your tax paperwork? This form of recordkeeping may lead taxpayers to ask how long they need to keep and store documentation or if they are meant to... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
