Title: Google's newest AI model is designed to help study dolphin 'speech'
Date: 2025-04-14 16:26
URL: https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/14/googles-newest-ai-model-is-designed-to-help-study-dolphin-speech/?.tsrc=rss



		Latest	
 

		AI	
 

		Amazon	
 

		Apps	
 

		Biotech & Health	
 

		Climate	
 

		Cloud Computing	
 

		Commerce	
 

		Crypto	
 

		Enterprise	
 

		EVs	
 

		Fintech	
 

		Fundraising	
 

		Gadgets	
 

		Gaming	
 

		Google	
 

		Government & Policy	
 

		Hardware	
 

		Instagram	
 

		Layoffs	
 

		Media & Entertainment	
 

		Meta	
 

		Microsoft	
 

		Privacy	
 

		Robotics	
 

		Security	
 

		Social	
 

		Space	
 

		Startups	
 

		TikTok	
 

		Transportation	
 

		Venture	
 

		Events	
 

		Startup Battlefield	
 

		StrictlyVC	
 

		Newsletters	
 

		Podcasts	
 

		Videos	
 

		Partner Content	
 

		TechCrunch Brand Studio	
 

		Crunchboard	
 

		Contact Us	
 Posted: Google’s AI research lab, Google DeepMind, says that it has created an AI model that can help decipher dolphin vocalizations, supporting research efforts to better understand how dolphins communicate. The model, called DolphinGemma, was trained using data from the Wild Dolphin Project (WDP), a nonprofit that studies Atlantic spotted dolphins and their behaviors. Built on Google’s open Gemma series of models, DolphinGemma, which can generate “dolphin-like” sound sequences, is efficient enough to run on phones, Google says.  This summer, WDP plans to use Google’s Pixel 9 smartphone to power a platform that can create synthetic dolphin vocalizations and listen to dolphin sounds for a matching “reply.” WDP previously was using the Pixel 6 to conduct this work, Google says, and upgrading to the Pixel 9 will enable researchers at the organization to run AI models and template-matching algorithms at the same time, according to Google. Topics Subscribe for the industry’s biggest tech news Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunch’s coverage. TechCrunch's AI experts cover the latest news in the fast-moving field. Every Monday, gets you up to speed on the latest advances in aerospace. Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. © 2025 Yahoo. 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now! 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now!