Title: Alphabet CEO reaffirms planned $75 billion capital spending in 2025
Date: 2025-04-09 17:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-ceo-reaffirms-planned-75-171952025.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Las Vegas (Reuters) -Alphabet reiterated on Wednesday it would spend about $75 billion this year to build out data center capacity, doubling down on its generative AI bet even as the payoff remains unclear and a global trade war threatens to raise costs. The investment would fund the chips and servers needed to burnish its core offerings, including Search, while supporting the development of AI services such as its Gemini model, CEO Sundar Pichai said at the annual conference for Google's cloud computing unit. "The opportunity with AI is as big as it gets," he said, adding the investments would also benefit the company's enterprise customers. "Getting advances into the hands of both consumers and enterprises is something we are really focused on." Alphabet's shares closed nearly 10% higher on Wednesday amid a big upward swing in markets after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower the hefty duties he had just imposed on dozens of countries, while further ramping up tariff pressure on China. Alphabet had outlined plans for its $75 billion outlay in February. The target was 29% higher than what Wall Street analysts had expected at the time. Big Tech companies are pouring hundreds of billions of dollars to build artificial intelligence infrastructure in the country, but investors have been getting increasingly restless over the massive investments, demanding better returns. Rival Microsoft's president of cloud operations and innovation, Noelle Walsh, said in a LinkedIn post on Tuesday, "This year, Microsoft is on track to spend more than $80B to continue building out our datacenter infrastructure and these investments are informed by near-term and long-term demand signals." Meta Platforms has said that the company would spend as much as $65 billion this year to expand its AI infrastructure. Investments in AI have surged since OpenAI launched ChatGPT in 2022. Businesses are competing to dominate generative AI technology, in a bid to further diversify their revenue streams and enhance products. (Reporting by Deborah Sophia in Bengaluru and Kenrick Cai in Las Vegas, additional reporting by Jaspreet Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Alan Barona) During its Cloud Next conference this week, Google unveiled the latest generation of its TPU AI accelerator chip. The new chip, called Ironwood, is Google's seventh-generation TPU and is the first optimized for inference — that is, running AI models. Scheduled to launch sometime later this year for Google Cloud customers, Ironwood will come in two configurations: a 256-chip cluster and a 9,216-chip cluster. "Ironwood is our most powerful, capable, and energy-efficient TPU yet," Google Cloud VP A Walmart (WMT) on Wednesday reiterated its sales and operating income outlooks for fiscal 2026, shrug Why investors should use the Zacks Earnings ESP tool to help find stocks that are poised to top quarterly earnings estimates. We recently published a list of Energy Stocks that are Losing This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where KLX Energy Services Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:KLXE) stands against other energy stocks that are crashing this week. The energy industry has been absolutely crushed in the ongoing bloodbath faced by the overall […] Vera Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:VERA) said on Wednesday that it had completed full enrollment (431 participants) in the pivotal ORIGIN Phase 3 trial of atacicept in patients with IgA Nephropathy (IgAN). ORIGIN 3 follows the long-term results from the ORIGIN Phase 2b trial, which demonstrated sustained and substantial reductions in Gd-IgA1, hematuria, and proteinuria and showed stabilized kidney function through 96 weeks. The company anticipates the 36-week primary efficacy endpoint data from the We recently published a list of Energy Stocks that are Losing This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ProFrac Holding Corp. (NASDAQ:ACDC) stands against other energy stocks that are crashing this week. The energy industry has been absolutely crushed in the ongoing bloodbath faced by the overall market, but […] Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
