Title: Google's Veo 2 video generating model comes to Gemini
Date: 2025-04-15 17:00
URL: https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/15/googles-veo-2-video-generator-comes-to-gemini/?.tsrc=rss



		Latest	
 

		AI	
 

		Amazon	
 

		Apps	
 

		Biotech & Health	
 

		Climate	
 

		Cloud Computing	
 

		Commerce	
 

		Crypto	
 

		Enterprise	
 

		EVs	
 

		Fintech	
 

		Fundraising	
 

		Gadgets	
 

		Gaming	
 

		Google	
 

		Government & Policy	
 

		Hardware	
 

		Instagram	
 

		Layoffs	
 

		Media & Entertainment	
 

		Meta	
 

		Microsoft	
 

		Privacy	
 

		Robotics	
 

		Security	
 

		Social	
 

		Space	
 

		Startups	
 

		TikTok	
 

		Transportation	
 

		Venture	
 

		Events	
 

		Startup Battlefield	
 

		StrictlyVC	
 

		Newsletters	
 

		Podcasts	
 

		Videos	
 

		Partner Content	
 

		TechCrunch Brand Studio	
 

		Crunchboard	
 

		Contact Us	
 Google is bringing its Veo 2 video-generating AI model to users who pay for Gemini Advanced, the company’s premium AI plan. The expansion comes as Google looks to deliver an answer to OpenAI’s Sora video generation platform, and as competition in the space grows fiercer. Two weeks ago, one of the more formidable synthetic media companies, Runway, released the fourth generation of its video generator and raised more than $300 million in new capital. Starting Tuesday, Gemini Advanced subscribers will be able to select Veo 2 from the model drop-down menu in Google’s Gemini apps. Users can create eight-second video clips at 720p resolution with a 16:9 aspect ratio, and upload these clips to TikTok, YouTube, and more via Gemini’s “share” button. Veo 2-generated videos can also be downloaded as MP4 files, watermarked with Google’s SynthID tech. There’s a limit to how many videos users can create each month, and the Google Workspace business and education plans aren’t supported at the moment, the company says. Google is also integrating Veo 2 with Whisk, an experimental feature in Google Labs that lets you use images as prompts with Gemini to create new images. A new feature, Whisk Animate, lets users take images they’ve generated and turn them into eight-second, Veo 2-generated videos. (Google Labs is Google’s platform for early-stage AI products, gated behind the company’s $20-per-month Google One AI Premium subscription.) Google’s applications of Veo 2 may seem fairly basic at the moment. But the CEO of Google DeepMind, Demis Hassabis, recently said that the company plans to eventually combine its Gemini AI models with Veo to improve the former’s understanding of the physical world. In the meantime, many artists and creators are wary of video generators like Veo 2, which threaten to upend entire creative industries. A 2024 study commissioned by the Animation Guild, a union representing Hollywood animators and cartoonists, estimates that more than 100,000 U.S.-based film, television, and animation jobs will be disrupted by AI by 2026. Topics 
AI Editor
  For security, Android phones will now auto-reboot after three days
    Notorious image board 4chan hacked and internal data leaked
    Rippling is trying to serve Deel’s CEO, but bailiffs can’t find him
    Hertz says customers’ personal data and driver’s licenses stolen in data breach
    OpenAI’s new GPT-4.1 AI models focus on coding
    Silicon Valley crosswalk buttons hacked to imitate Musk, Zuckerberg’s voices
    Conifer locks down $20M seed round for its ‘drop-in’ electric hub motor
   © 2025 Yahoo. 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now! 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now!