Title: Samsung adds Google's Gemini to its home robot Ballie
Date: 2025-04-09 12:00
URL: https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/09/samsung-adds-google-gemini-ai-assistant-to-its-home-robot-ballie/?.tsrc=rss



		Latest	
 

		AI	
 

		Amazon	
 

		Apps	
 

		Biotech & Health	
 

		Climate	
 

		Cloud Computing	
 

		Commerce	
 

		Crypto	
 

		Enterprise	
 

		EVs	
 

		Fintech	
 

		Fundraising	
 

		Gadgets	
 

		Gaming	
 

		Google	
 

		Government & Policy	
 

		Hardware	
 

		Instagram	
 

		Layoffs	
 

		Media & Entertainment	
 

		Meta	
 

		Microsoft	
 

		Privacy	
 

		Robotics	
 

		Security	
 

		Social	
 

		Space	
 

		Startups	
 

		TikTok	
 

		Transportation	
 

		Venture	
 

		Events	
 

		Startup Battlefield	
 

		StrictlyVC	
 

		Newsletters	
 

		Podcasts	
 

		Videos	
 

		Partner Content	
 

		TechCrunch Brand Studio	
 

		Crunchboard	
 

		Contact Us	
 Samsung said on Wednesday that it’s adding Google’s Gemini AI to its home robot Ballie through a partnership with Google Cloud. Users will be able to ask the robot different queries to get answers from Gemini, said the companies. Samsung aims to tap into Gemini’s multimodal capabilities for its robot. The Korean tech giant said it’ll pair its own AI with Google’s to enable audio and video inputs for Ballie to answer different questions. For instance, you’ll be able to ask the bot, “How am I looking?” and it’ll give outfit suggestions using its camera and visual intelligence.  Ballie will also be able to tap Gemini to give health-related recommendations — for example, exercise suggestions and ways to improve sleep. Beyond that, you’ll be able to ask the robot a range of general knowledge queries. “Through this partnership, Samsung and Google Cloud are redefining the role of AI in the home,” said Yongjae Kim, EVP of Samsung’s visual display business, in a statement. “By pairing Gemini’s powerful multimodal reasoning with Samsung’s AI capabilities in Ballie, we’re leveraging the power of open collaboration to unlock a new era of personalized AI companion — one that moves with users, anticipates their needs, and interacts in more dynamic and meaningful ways than ever before.” Samsung has been showing off different versions of Ballie at trade shows like CES for years now. Earlier in 2025, the company said the robot would finally reach consumers in South Korea and the U.S. in the first half of this year.  Samsung had already partnered with Google to integrate Gemini with its Galaxy series smartphones, starting with the Galaxy S24. Samsung and Google are also reportedly working on an XR device, and Gemini may end up being central to that experience. Topics  Ironwood is Google’s newest AI accelerator chip
    Governments identify dozens of Android apps bundled with spyware
    A 25-year-old police drone founder just raised $75M led by Index
    Inside the EV startup secretly backed by Jeff Bezos
    Amazon’s Zoox begins robotaxi testing in Los Angeles 
    IBM releases a new mainframe built for the age of AI
    Google is allegedly paying some AI staff to do nothing for a year rather than join rivals
   © 2025 Yahoo. 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now! 1,200+ founders & VCs. One epic day in Boston on July 15. Scale smarter, connect deeper — save $210 when you register now!