Title: Why Alphabet Stock Popped on Monday
Date: 2025-04-14 15:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/14/why-alphabet-stock-popped-on-monday/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=8b1286fe-8ad0-4e36-9ea4-3cf59bf28beb&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Key Points Two analysts duel over Alphabet. Which one is right? Alphabet (GOOG 1.21%) (GOOGL 1.12%) stock inched higher in Monday trading as the market turned green again on positive news of a moderation of President Trump's tariffs on electronic goods. As of 11:05 a.m. ET, the stock is up a modest 2.3%. Also perhaps encouraging investors was a not-too-negative note on Alphabet from investment bank Citigroup. As StreetInsider.com reported this morning, Citi has trimmed its price targets on several internet stocks based on its guesses as to how the tariffs, and a generally slowing economy, might depress growth prospects in this sector. Broadly speaking, Citi is reducing its forecast for both revenue and profits growth, but leaving its $195 price target for Alphabet in particular intact.  This contrasts with a note from DA Davidson, carried on TheFly.com this morning, that warns of the same slowdown (at least for a couple quarters), but cuts its Alphabet price target from $200 to $160 -- and rates the stock only "neutral."  Investors seem to be siding with Citi in this debate -- but I find myself more in agreement with Davidson. As luck would have it, you see, I was running valuations of my own on a series of stocks on my "shopping list" (stocks I'd like to buy as prices get cheaper) over the weekend. Alphabet was on this list, and I calculated it as selling for just over 25.5 times free cash flow. Relative to a 16% projected growth rate, that yielded a price-to-free cash flow-to-growth ratio of 1.6, whereas I like to buy for a ratio closer to 1.0. Long story short, I concluded it will take a 30% to 40% reduction in price to entice me to buy the stock. Sure, DA Davidson itself is only lowering its price target by 20%, but at least it's moving in the right direction. Is my valuation too conservative? Perhaps. But I'd rather be safe than sorry. It's going to take about a $100 or so share price to convince me to buy Alphabet stock.     Before you buy stock in Alphabet, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Alphabet wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $495,226!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $679,900!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 796% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 155% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor. See the 10 stocks ›  *Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025   Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Citigroup is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Rich Smith has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Learn more › Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card! Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back. Stocks Mentioned  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Related Articles 
        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
       Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends