Title: Stocks climb back to ‘Liberation Day’ levels after surprise jobs report
Date: 2025-05-02 20:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-climb-back-liberation-day-200954330.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The stock market has rebounded to where it was before President Donald Trump unveiled a suite of tariffs on April 2 that prompted a historic selloff. The S&P 500 gained 1.5% on Friday to close the week at 5,687, slightly more than where it had been just before Trump announced his “Liberation Day” tariff plans. The tech-heavy Nasdaq jumped 1.5%, and the Dow Jones rose 1.4%. The gains are the ninth day in a row the S&P 500 has risen and capped a positive week for the three major stock indices.
The market upswing comes as the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported Friday that the U.S. added 177,000 jobs in April. That’s a drop from 185,000 jobs gained in March, but it beats the 135,000 predicted by economists polled by FactSet. The April job numbers, however, most likely don’t reflect the impact of the Trump tariffs, some of which have yet to go into effect in full force.
Trump has already instituted a 145% tax on imports from China. Investors Friday saw a sliver of relief when the People’s Republic said it was open to negotiations with the Trump administration. The two governments have issued conflicting statements about whether they’ve been in touch after Trump set off a tit-for-tat tariff battle, but China’s willingness to negotiate may signal progress on a trade deal.
The broader outlook for global markets remains uncertain. The Bureau of Economic Analysis reported Thursday a 0.3% drop in the U.S. gross domestic product, the first time the American economy has contracted since the first quarter of 2022.
“We continue to think that a gradual rise in the unemployment rate is in the cards,” Samuel Tombs and Oliver Allen, U.S. economists at Pantheon Microeconomics, wrote in a note published Friday.
And big tech firms are warning of potential damage from Trump’s trade war. The CFO of Block, which owns popular payments apps Cash App and Square, warned of a “pronounced shift in consumer behavior” during an earnings call in which Block missed quarterly profit forecasts and saw its stock tank 20%.
Apple also warned of expected financial costs due to tariffs. In an earnings call on Thursday, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the new tax on imported supplies would cost Apple an extra $900 million in the second quarter.
“We will manage the company as we already have—with thoughtful deliberate decisions,” Cook declared.
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Most major railroads maintained their 2025 outlooks even amid worries about trade and the economy. The post Class I railroads keep optimistic outlooks despite trade uncertainty appeared first on FreightWaves.
(Bloomberg) -- The UK supermarket chain Co-op said hackers were able to access and extract customer data from one of its systems during a recent cyberattack.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter“The a
Forward Air is seeking shareholder approval to reincorporate in Delaware, where it may be easier to sell the company or seek other strategic alternatives. The post Forward Air looks for a fresh start in Delaware appeared first on FreightWaves.
“The data is almost secondary at this point,” JPMorgan’s Bill Eigen said in a television interview Friday, before the jobs report came out.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump said Harvard University would lose its tax-exempt status, stepping up his attack on the Ivy League school with a threat that was decried as out of his jurisdiction.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll R
Several of America's tech giants posted better-than-expected earnings this week, even as worries about the economy in the face of shifting tariff policies and tightening trade restrictions loomed.
LONDON (Reuters) -The top sustainable finance executive at HSBC's asset management division is leaving the firm, HSBC said on Friday, the latest in a series of departures from the bank amid a restructuring under its new chief executive.  The exit of Erin Leonard, global head of sustainability at HSBC Asset Management, follows the departure of the bank's former chief sustainability officer, Celine Herweijer, at the end of last year as the bank reassesses environmental, social and governance (ESG) policies under CEO Georges Elhedery.
Palantir is scheduled to report quarterly results after the closing bell Monday, with analysts largely taking a wait-and-see approach on the artificial intelligence software firm.
The Fed is yet to release the new ratings for U.S. banks with over $100 billion or more in assets and intends to wait until the Senate confirms Michelle Bowman as the new top banking cop, the report added, citing people familiar with the matter.  The Federal Reserve declined to comment on the matter, when contacted by Reuters.  Bowman was nominated by President Donald Trump for the vice chair for supervision role, the Fed's top regulatory post.
The president's proposed cuts would dramatically reduce funding for Federal Work-Study and eliminate all spending on the TRIO program.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio