Title: Why Apple (AAPL) Stock Is Falling Today
Date: 2025-05-02 19:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-apple-aapl-stock-falling-192920069.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Shares of iPhone and iPad maker Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) fell 4.1% in the morning session after the company reported mixed first-quarter 2025 (fiscal Q2) results, which narrowly topped analysts' revenue expectations, amid tariff concerns. CEO Tim Cook stated during the earnings call that anticipated tariffs could cost the company around $900 million in the current quarter (about 1% of total revenue). Also, sales in China saw a decline of 2%. This is a crucial market for Apple, and any signs of weakness there are usually viewed negatively. Overall, this print was decent, but the areas below expectations seem to be driving the move.
The shares closed the day at $205.25, down 3.6% from previous close.
The stock market overreacts to news, and big price drops can present good opportunities to buy high-quality stocks. Is now the time to buy Apple? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Apple’s shares are extremely volatile and have had 31 moves greater than 2.5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful but not something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business.
The previous big move we wrote about was 23 days ago when the stock gained 4.8% as markets rallied sharply on news that President Trump announced a 90-day tariff pause. Reciprocal tariffs were also dropped to 10% for most countries, sparking renewed optimism amid ongoing trade talks.
The major stock indices rose as investors, growing impatient of seemingly irrational tariff actions, welcomed the pause as a sign of a more measured path forward. However, Trump was quick to note that China was not part of the pause. Instead, he prepared to raise tariffs on Chinese goods to 125% after China announced retaliatory tariffs on US imports. This tough stance on China stood in sharp contrast to the softer tone toward others. In a week marked by growing uncertainty, this news eased some of the pressure. The questions remain whether we are out of the woods and can sustain the rally or not.
Apple is down 15.7% since the beginning of the year, and at $205.45 per share, it is trading 20.7% below its 52-week high of $259.02 from December 2024. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Apple’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $2,803.
Unless you’ve been living under a rock, it should be obvious by now that generative AI is going to have a huge impact on how large corporations do business. While Nvidia and AMD are trading close to all-time highs, we prefer a lesser-known (but still profitable) semiconductor stock benefiting from the rise of AI. Click here to access our free report on our favorite semiconductor growth story.
“The data is almost secondary at this point,” JPMorgan’s Bill Eigen said in a television interview Friday, before the jobs report came out.
A group of owner-operators won a more than $10.4 million judgment in a class-action suit against a carrier that a federal court found underpaid the drivers by underreporting part of its gross revenues. The post Drivers win $10.4M verdict in contract dispute with Michigan carrier appeared first on FreightWaves.
The U.S. added 177,000 jobs in April, reported the Bureau of Labor Statistics. That’s more than the 135,000 that economists had estimated.
Amazon shares wavered between losses and gains Friday after the e-commerce and cloud computing giant issued a cautious outlook amid uncertainty about the economy. Monitor these key chart levels.
Apple recently reported earnings that beat analyst estimates.  Apple reported earnings and revenue in its second fiscal quarter that beat estimates from Wall Street analysts.  Apple CEO Tim Cook said on the company's earnings call that it expects tariffs to add $900 million of expenses in the current quarter.
Palantir is scheduled to report quarterly results after the closing bell Monday, with analysts largely taking a wait-and-see approach on the artificial intelligence software firm.
Apple (AAPL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.48% and 1.16%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio