Title: Berkshire Hathaway portfolio: Apple, tariffs, & more
Date: 2025-05-02 20:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/berkshire-hathaway-portfolio-apple-tariffs-202920746.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Berkshire Hathaway's (BRK-B, BRK-A) annual shareholder meeting is set to take place this weekend. Yahoo Finance Head of News Myles Udland joins the Yahoo Finance studio to break down Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio, highlighting Warren Buffett's position in Apple (AAPL) and why it remains Berkshire's largest holding.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.
Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting is on deck this weekend. Here for a closer look at its holdings is Yahoo Finance's head of news, Miles Udland, here with us in the studio. Miles, um,
Yeah.
you know, we always look ahead to this meeting to get more insight into what Berkshire's holding, what Warren Buffett is thinking, but talk to us about the top holdings and kind of as a scene setter if you will.
I mean, it's really just a story about Apple. I mean, we got the Well, we got the earnings last night, and the company comes out, they say it's going to be almost a billion dollar headwind, um, in the current quarter, and they wouldn't go beyond that. So, you know, stock's down today. Buffett's largest position, even despite the what, two-thirds uh that he's sold two-thirds of the position over the last couple of years, so down significantly, but still the largest holding within Berkshire's equity portfolio. So, certainly a lot of questions there. There'll be a lot of questions about Berkshire's overall tariff exposure. I think what Buffett himself makes of tariffs because there, um, you know, there's a Fortune up-ed, I believe it was, from the early 2000s where he was like, yeah, you know, uh, China entered WTO, and we don't really have any domestic manufacturing. Should probably look at that. Um, and maybe tariffs aren't all bad, and I think I would imagine questions along those lines and Buffett giving answers along the lines of it's not necessarily the uh diagnosis here. It's some of the approach, which I think is a common theme when it comes to discussing tariffs. Um, so we'll certainly get some of that, and uh, you know, I think what we heard from Apple last night is basically kind of why he is paired the position, but also why he still owns it. Company comes out, you know, $100 billion stock buyback, they raise the dividend again, so, you know, Berkshire's getting a ton of cash, and they're getting a larger share of Apple just mechanically by owning the number of shares they do, and you know, the buyback cancels some of those out. So, um, that, I think, on the equity portfolio is the main line of questioning, though, as we get towards the end of the line for Buffett, I think that portion of Berkshire Hathaway just becomes less interesting.
What about that cash pile he's sitting on, more than $300 billion? The fact that he's sitting on that, are there broader lessons to learn for investors that we should take away from that, Miles?
Uh, I mean, I think the lessons are pretty clear. He didn't have a lot of other uses for that cash, and, you know, a lot of its parked in T bills. So, you're getting depending on the tenor, 2, 3, 4%, um, wherever you're parking that, and that's not nothing at $300 million worth of cash. So, I think that's certainly part of the conversation for Berkshire. Um, and look, the the problem that Buffett and Berkshire have had, uh, and this is never going to change now, whether Warren's running the company or not, is they're now too big to do a lot of things that make an impact on the overall portfolio. Like, they came into Apple. It's going to be nine years since they first initiated a position, and at that point in time, you might know better than I what the market cap of the company was. It was smaller, but it was still among the largest in the market at that time, has been among the largest in the world for the entire nine-year period, and it's kind of the only company big enough that can handle Berkshire coming in with huge buys on a very regular basis that doesn't, you know, and that money on its own doesn't push around the price of the stock because that's the problem when you're sitting on $300 billion in cash. They haven't bought a lot of companies outright. They did the Pilot Flying J deal a few years ago, but they haven't really been acquisitive with the money. So, sure, are they going to buy Coke outright? I don't I don't see that happening. They're going to buy American Express? I don't see that kind of thing. I could be wrong, but it just has not been the Berkshire Hathaway, um, really since the Precision Castparts deal in 2015. They haven't done anything big. So, what are they going to buy? I mean, they bought Japan trading houses. They could go buy shares of something else, but when you have that amount of capital sitting there, um, Buffett clearly doesn't see anything that he loves that he wants to deploy new capital into. So, you see that cap, you know, you see that cash pile grow. Um, the interesting thing about this timing always is that we'll get the 13F from Berkshire uh in the middle of the month, so about a week and a half from now, so he may be doing stuff like this happened with Apple. He did the annual meeting, didn't say he bought Apple. Week and a half later, it's like, uh, I bought a ton of Apple, about 10 million shares of Apple. So, we might have a situation like that, but um, ultimately, I think it's just a portfolio that reflects an investor who doesn't see a lot he likes, and it's new money. You know, we talk on the shows a lot with portfolio managers who are in the market. They have to do something, right? So, it's like, do you like this more or less than your other options? For Buffett, it's new cash. So, it's very hard to go from zero to something in this kind of environment, no matter who you are and whatever you're looking at.
All right, busy weekend for you, Miles. Thank you. Appreciate it.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized rate […]
The heads of two Congressional panels have urged the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist Chinese groups, including Alibaba, that they...
(Bloomberg) -- It was the week Wall Street got its swagger back. Stocks staged a gravity-defying rebound to wipe out all losses from April’s tariff shock, Corporate America unleashed billions in pent-up bond sales and speculative assets from crypto to unprofitable tech companies surged.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC
Disney (DIS) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio