Title: Tim Cook Tells Commerce Secretary Lutnick How Apple 'Could' Bring iPhone Manufacturing To US
Date: 2025-05-02 20:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tim-cook-tells-commerce-secretary-203754140.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook has reportedly identified a crucial factor that could see iPhone manufacturing shift to the United States.
What Happened: U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, in a conversation with CNBC's Brian Sullivan on "The Exchange" Tuesday, shared details of a discussion he had with Apple CEO Tim Cook about the possibility of relocating iPhone production to the U.S.
Amid escalating tariff tensions and global economic uncertainty, President Donald Trump has renewed his push to bring manufacturing back to American soil.
Trending: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing — this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share.
In his conversation with Lutnick, Cook revealed the key catalyst necessary for such a move. ” I need to have the robotic arms, right, do it at a at a scale and a precision that I could bring it here,” Cook reportedly told Lutnick.
Tim Cook expressed a desire to move production closer to home, citing reliance on foreign labor—especially in China—as a major risk, particularly in the event of disruptions like a strike, as per the Commerce Secretary.
“Americans are going to be the technicians who drive those factories. They're not going to be the ones screwing it in...” asserted Lutnick.
Why It Matters: According to Alan Friedman from PhoneArena, by employing robots to handle tedious, low-wage assembly tasks—like building an iPhone—Apple can avoid the challenge of finding American workers willing to earn the $3 to $3.70 per hour that assemblers in Shenzhen reportedly make. Without automation, Apple would have to pay at least the U.S. federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour—more than double—likely resulting in higher iPhone prices.
However, Cook, in a recent viral video from the past, dismissed the notion that iPhones are manufactured in China due to low labor costs. He emphasized that China’s unique concentration of skilled labor in a single region, combined with its advanced tooling capabilities, stands out as the primary reason.
See Also: Donald Trump just announced a $500 billion AI infrastructure deal — here's how you can invest in the entertainment market's next big disruptor at $2.25 per share.
Furthermore, Cook’s dialogue with Lutnick previously resulted in a tariff exemption for iPhones. This exemption could have significant implications for iPhone prices and Apple’s bottom line.
That being said, the Apple CEO has warned of a $900 million tariff impact in the June quarter, expecting the majority of iPhones sold in the U.S. to be made in India. This shift in manufacturing could potentially reduce the tariff impact and increase profitability for Apple, which recently reported strong Q2 earnings.
Nevertheless, Friedman opined, if the Trump administration allows time for technology to advance, robotics could be the answer for Tim Cook.
Apple holds a momentum rating of 74.54% and a quality rating of 86.08%, according to Benzinga’s Proprietary Edge Rankings. For an in-depth report on more stocks and insights into growth opportunities, sign up for Benzinga Edge.
Apple stock has declined 12.52% during the year-to-date period.
Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold.
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.30/share with a $1000 minimum.
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK. Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This article Tim Cook Tells Commerce Secretary Lutnick How Apple 'Could' Bring iPhone Manufacturing To US originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Microsoft stock’s jump following a strong earnings report for its third fiscal quarter helped push the company past Apple to become the largest in the U.S. by market capitalization on Friday.  Microsoft now has a market cap of $3.24 trillion, beating Apple’s $3.07 trillion.  The software company gained $322.8 billion in market cap this week, while Apple lost $58.7 billion.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Details Of Trump’s Tariff Negotiations & Discusses 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on […]
Tesla sales plunged by more than half last month in several European countries in a sign that Elon Musk could struggle to revive the company after he shifts from his Washington work to running the automaker again.  The countries are not major drivers of sales overall, but they are the first to report April results and thus a foretaste of possible trouble elsewhere as Tesla reels from protests and boycotts over Musk wading into politics.  Financial analysts covering Tesla are worried about the Musk backlash but caution it's not clear exactly how much to blame politics for the hit.
The S&P 500 jumped 1.5% on Friday, May 2, 2025, as the latest jobs report revealed a strong pace of hiring in April despite tariff-related uncertainties.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized rate […]
(Bloomberg) -- Amazon.com Inc. plans to build dozens of warehouses to serve rural areas in the US before the end of next year, growing its footprint as the company works to rely less on other carriers. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio