Title: Why Apple's App Store restrictions won't 'change the game'
Date: 2025-05-02 21:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/why-apples-app-store-restrictions-213117432.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) lost a legal battle to Epic Games (EPGA.PVT), as the judge's ruling could mean tighter restrictions for Apple with regards to the App Store and in-app purchases.
TechRadar editor at large Lance Ulanoff joins Market Domination Overtime to explain why most users and developers are still sticking with Apple.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
Lance, what about the other headline we got this week? This court fight between Apple and Epic. I'm interested to get your thoughts there. There were some analysts, Lance, who were saying, listen, it was, it's a negative headline, but I know they were telling their clients they thought at the end of the day, it would be financially manageable because they just thought most developers, the end of the day, in their opinion, they're going to stick with Apple, the App Store, the Apple payment system because they know it, they're comfortable with it, ease of use, but what do you think?
Yeah, you know, there's there's been some conversation online that I've seen which I I kind of agree with is that there are there are some squeaky wheels that have been arguing for this and of course, the big companies that demand to have the freedom to do what they want. But the majority of consumers are quite happy to work with Apple, the Apple way. They're very happy to open up their iPhone, go to the App Store, get the apps, not worry about it and go about their business. So the fact that Apple's being forced to offer these other avenues is not going to change the game and it's not going to change the picture for Apple. I know that they got their wrist slapped here. I mean, I read that court injunction, that court order from the judge. It was rough. That person was angry, um and accused Apple of basically lying. But Apple never really lied. It just did it out in the open. Here's what we're doing, you may not like it, but it serves our purposes. Off you go. But I don't think this is going to have a measurable impact on consumers or even Apple's bottom line.
Apple (AAPL) is scheduled to report results of the second fiscal quarter of FY25 after the market close on Thursday, May 1, with a conference call scheduled for 5:00 pm ET. What to watch for: EXPECTATIONS: Last quarter, Apple beat consensus sales and earnings expectations, reporting EPS of $2.40 on Q1 revenue of $124.30B in what Apple CEO Tim Cook called the company’s “best quarter ever.” Cook added: “We were thrilled to bring customers our best-ever lineup of products and services during the ho
AMZN's Q1 results benefit from a solid momentum in North America and International segments, despite slow yet steady growth in AWS. The stock drops on mixed Q2 guidance.
Microsoft stock’s jump following a strong earnings report for its third fiscal quarter helped push the company past Apple to become the largest in the U.S. by market capitalization on Friday.  Microsoft now has a market cap of $3.24 trillion, beating Apple’s $3.07 trillion.  The software company gained $322.8 billion in market cap this week, while Apple lost $58.7 billion.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized rate […]
Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook has reportedly identified a crucial factor that could see iPhone manufacturing shift to the United States. What Happened: U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, in a conversation with CNBC's Brian Sullivan on "The Exchange" Tuesday, shared details of a discussion he had with Apple CEO Tim Cook about the possibility of relocating iPhone production to the U.S. Amid escalating tariff tensions and global economic uncertainty, President Donald Trump has renewe
Alphabet faces increased competition and regulatory pressure, but its stock looks to be on sale.
Trump still wants to replace income taxes with tariffs on imports. Here's why it will never work.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio