Title: Apple (NasdaqGS_AAPL) Sees 12% Price Increase Over Last Week
Date: 2025-04-15 17:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-nasdaqgs-aapl-sees-12-172245106.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Applesaw a notable price increase of 12% over the last week, likely buoyed by the integration announcement of Cardiex Limited's subsidiary, CONNEQT Health, with Apple Health. This integration aligns with broader market trends where tech stocks led indices higher amid President Trump’s tariff exemption for electronics, which added a positive sentiment across the tech sector. Apple's integration with CONNEQT Health is a strategic move to enhance its health-focused offerings, adding depth to its ecosystem. The broader tech rally, including a 7% market gain, added support to Apple's robust performance, painting a positive picture for the week.
Apple has 1 weakness we think you should know about.
Trump has pledged to "unleash" American oil and gas and these 20 US stocks have developments that are poised to benefit.
The integration of CONNEQT Health with Apple Health potentially enhances Apple's narrative by reinforcing its expansion in health-focused services. This move aligns with anticipated growth across Apple's Services and AI-driven offerings, suggesting a potential rise in earnings and margins as new users are attracted to the upgraded ecosystem. Over the past five years, Apple's total return was 201.35%, highlighting its impressive performance over a longer period. In comparison, Apple outperformed the US Tech industry with a 14.4% return over the last year.
The recent share price increase puts it closer to the consensus analyst price target of US$238.01, providing context for investors considering Apple's growth trajectory. With revenue currently at US$395.76 billion and projected to reach US$479.7 billion by 2028, the integration could bolster these figures by driving further customer engagement and sales, especially in emerging markets like India. The anticipated growth in earnings to US$134.3 billion complements the positive sentiment, although risks such as reliance on China and FX headwinds remain considerations.
Examine Apple's past performance report to understand how it has performed in prior years.
This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Companies discussed in this article includeNasdaqGS:AAPL.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, emaileditorial-team@simplywallst.com
Investors will seek clarity on the risks posed by tariffs U.S. President Donald Trump plans to impose on the semiconductor industry when computer chip equipment maker ASML reports first-quarter earnings on Wednesday.  Trump spared semiconductor equipment makers like ASML, from the 10% "baseline" tariffs on Sunday, as he prepares a sector-wide tariff on chips.  Net bookings, the most closely watched figure in the industry, are expected to reach 4.89 billion euros ($5.56 billion) in the first quarter of the year, according to estimates compiled by researcher Visible Alpha.
BMI's performance is likely to have benefited from demand for its solutions. However, the uncertain macro backdrop, higher costs and competition are concerns.
The issue is a deep dive on the innovations transforming the global denim industry for the better.
The move would let 7-Eleven control its own finances and dictate its M&A priorities while unlocking its “intrinsic value,” company leaders said last week.
To the relief of anyone with an aging iPhone, the Trump administration exempted smartphones, computers, and other tech products from its punishing tariffs on Chinese imports over the weekend.  While Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) has geographically diversified its supply chain, the company still relies heavily on Chinese manufacturing partners for its devices.  Absent any special treatment, prices in the U.S. on Apple products would have likely risen substantially due to the tariffs.
Apple shares wavered between gains and losses in early trading Tuesday after posting gains Monday on the Trump administration’s decision to temporarily exempt many electronic goods from import tariffs.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.