Title: Apple could face a customer loyalty crisis if tariffs boost prices, says tech analyst
Date: 2025-04-15 11:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-could-face-customer-loyalty-112349678.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Good morning. Tariff wars may cause manyApplecustomers to rethink their loyalty to avoid high prices.
“If the 145% China tariffs came into play, we believe Apple would have no choice but to start charging $2,000-plus for iPhone Pro once inventory levels came down,” Wedbush Securities analysts wrote in a note on Sunday.
The tech giant has developed a loyal fan base of customers willing to pay premium prices for their products, like iPhones. Product differentiation, brand equity, and perception of value are part of the company’s strategy. However, research shows that increasing pricescan negativelyimpact customer loyalty. And adding exorbitant costs to Apple customers would be a dealbreaker for many, Dan Ives, Wedbush Securities managing director, told me.
Ives put it to me this way: “If someone charged you $7 for a slice of pizza, even the best slice of pizza, you wouldn’t buy it. So everything has a price.” As someone who grew up eating New York pizza, that resonated with me.
It seems Apple may have some breathing room before considering raising prices for U.S. customers. The Trump administration announced late Friday thatsome electronics, such as smartphones, were temporarily exempted from the 145% import tariffs on goods from China. That’s some relief for Apple, a company that assembles devices in China and imports them.
However, the break could be short-lived as in asocial media poston Sunday, President Trump said “NOBODY is getting ‘off the hook'” while adding that the exempted products are “just moving to a different tariff ‘bucket.’”
The impending tariffs and uncertainty could mean a change to Apple’s pricing strategy, which its new CFO had no intention to alter. Apple SVP and CFO Kevan Parekh began on Jan. 1, succeeding former CFO Luca Maestri, who held the role for over 10 years. Maestri leads the corporate services teams. Parekh participated in his first earnings call on Jan. 30 regarding the quarter that ended Dec. 28. An analyst noted that one of Maestri’s legacies was maintaining consistent pricing across the product range.
“I don’t think we’re going to really depart from what served us pretty well,” Parekhsaid on the call. Apple has had a “disciplined pricing strategy,” he said. “We’re going to continually kind of stick with that as far as I can tell.”
Amid ongoing tariff uncertainty, many Apple customers areflocking to storesto make purchases before any potential price bumps. “When you create that level of uncertainty, it causes chaos in the supply chain,” Ives said.
Apple is facing a situation where CEO Tim Cook knows what is coming down the road and needs to make some adjustments, Wedbush analyst wrote in the Sunday note. “Cook being 10% politician and 90% CEO is an asset for Apple (and its investors) in this situation,” according to the note.
SherylEstradasheryl.estrada@fortune.com
This story was originally featured onFortune.com
Google will require European crypto ads to follow MiCA rules, raising compliance hurdles for smaller exchanges.
The move will mark a shift from the company’s prior exclusive reliance on synthetic data for training AI models.
Apple (AAPL) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects.
Chip maker  Nvidia  unveiled plans Monday to produce new made-in-America supercomputers that power artificial intelligence, just one day after the Trump administration said tariffs were coming for semiconductor-reliant imports.  The chip maker said it would make AI supercomputers with contract manufacturers in Texas, its first public disclosure of a plan that would amplify ongoing U.S. efforts to bring semiconductor production back to domestic markets.  A darling of the global AI boom, Nvidia promised an eye-popping $500 billion in spending in the coming years, an announcement that echoed a similar goal disclosed by  Apple  in February.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.