Title: Global tech stocks slump as ASML warning adds to Nvidia curbs
Date: 2025-04-16 06:56:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asian-tech-stocks-slide-fresh-055536977.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) — Technology stocks fell as new US government restrictions on the export of Nvidia Corp. chips to China and a disappointing report from Dutch chip-equipment maker ASML Holding NV (ASML) fanned trade war concerns. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing President Donald Trump’s administration has barred Nvidia from selling its H20 chip in China, an escalation of Washington’s tech battle with Beijing. ASML later added to investor anxiety by posting orders that missed expectations and saying that it doesn’t know how to quantify the impact of recent tariff announcements. The latest developments show how tariffs are already wreaking havoc on global companies, while the trade war is extending beyond mere import taxes as well. The fallout could weigh on chip-sector earnings and also set back China’s ambitions to compete on the global tech stage. The H20 restrictions are “driven by concerns over China’s rise in the electronics sector, and in that sense, it is likely to become a permanent policy,” said Tomo Kinoshita, global market strategist at Invesco Asset Management. “It is expected to have a significant negative impact on semiconductor supply chain.” Nvidia warned that it will report around $5.5 billion in related charges during the fiscal first quarter. Its shares slid about 5% in late US trading Tuesday. Futures on the Nasdaq 100 (NQ=F) later extended losses to more than 2% after ASML’s report. Among key suppliers, Korean memory maker SK Hynix Inc. slumped as much as 3.9% Wednesday. Top foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSM,2330.TW) fell 2.9%. Japanese chip-equipment maker Advantest Corp. dropped as much as 7.8%, extending its fall after ASML’s statement. TSMC was already likely to slow some production expansion on a weaker economic outlook, and “the tighter rules on Nvidia’s China sales might amplify the deceleration,” Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Ken Hui wrote in a note. For China, the broader restrictions raise concerns that access to global tech hardware will be further choked off. Exports of the most-advanced chips and equipment to the Asian nation are already banned, and the H20 is a scaled-down product specifically designed not to be too powerful. Even after DeepSeek raised hopes that advances can be made in artificial intelligence and other fields without the most cutting-edge chips, China’s tech giants may suffer if curbs keep getting extended. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA,9988.HK) sank as much as 5.4% in Hong Kong trading Wednesday, while Baidu Inc. (BIDU,9888.HK) fell 3.3%. “It is a reminder of the potential susceptibility of tech stocks to the ongoing prickly relationship between the US and China regarding semiconductors,” said Tim Waterer, chief market analyst at KCM Trade in Sydney. “There is a reliance on the H20 chip from big name players in the Asian tech space, so any moves which could impact supply will be a drag on the broader sector.” On the other side of the equation, China continues to work toward self-reliance in technology, though its companies are still seen lagging far behind advanced global leaders like Nvidia. Among Chinese hardware stocks bucking the regional sector declines Wednesday, Hua Hong Semiconductor Ltd. (HK0000218211.SG) jumped as much as 6.6% in Hong Kong while Advanced Micro-Fabrication Equipment Inc. rose 2.1% in Shanghai. “AI innovation in China is booming and the H20 ban would not dampen it — it may accelerate the use of China domestic chips,” said Vey-Sern Ling, a managing director at Union Bancaire Privee. “Domestic AI chips may not perform as well as Nvidia’s H20, but that is missing the point. China has been able to develop innovative AI models despite US restrictions.” —With assistance from Abhishek Vishnoi. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo'sTermsandPrivacy Policy Nvidia did not warn at least some major customers in advance about new U.S. export rules it was told about a week ago requiring it to obtain licenses to sell its China-focused artificial intelligence chip, according to two sources familiar with the matter.  The U.S. chipmaker disclosed on Tuesday that American officials had informed the company on April 9 that its H20 chip would require an export license for sales to China.  The move to restrict H20 shipments marks Washington's latest effort to limit China's access to advanced semiconductors, as the United States seeks to maintain its edge in AI technology. (Reuters) -ASML, the world's biggest supplier of computer chip-making equipment, said on Wednesday that tariffs were increasing uncertainty around its outlook for 2025 and 2026, but stood by its annual guidance as the race for AI rages on.  CEO Christophe Fouquet said his conversations with customers supported ASML's expectations that 2025 and 2026 would be growth years.  "However, the recent tariff announcements have increased uncertainty in the macro environment," Fouquet said in a statement. (Bloomberg) -- Oil fell for a second day as wider markets turned lower and expectations increased for a glut because of the escalating trade war between the world’s two biggest economies.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBrent crude traded near $64 a barrel, with West (Bloomberg) -- Gold rose to a fresh high as US President Donald Trump ordered a probe that could open up a new front in the global trade war, sparking another retreat from equities and a move toward haven assets.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBullion gained as much LONDON (Reuters) -Heineken reported forecast-beating first-quarter sales on Wednesday and maintained its annual guidance but warned of ongoing volatility caused by uncertainty about the levels and scope of global tariffs.  Shares in the world's second-largest brewer by global volumes rose 2.8% in early trade as investors welcomed another quarter of delivery after Heineken cheered investors with its 2024 performance in February.  Some shareholders have in the past criticised Heineken for volatility in its results. Xiaomi does not plan to showcase its upcoming YU7 electric SUV at China's largest auto show next week, deflating widespread anticipation among visitors keen to catch a glimpse of the would-be challenger to Tesla's Model Y.  Xiaomi's Vice President Li Xiaoshuang said the company would only take its SU7 and SU7 Ultra vehicles to the Shanghai auto show on social media platform Weibo on Tuesday.  Asked by users about the YU7 at the show, he said it would not be featured. China appointed a new trade negotiator Wednesday in the midst of its tariff fight with the U.S.  The government said Li Chenggang replaces Wang Shouwen, who participated in negotiations for the 2020 trade deal between the China and the U.S.  China faces 145% taxes on exports to the U.S., while dozens of other countries were given a 90-day reprieve for most duties. Inflation eased back last month, paving the way for interest rate cuts as economists said “Storm Donald” would limit price rises but hurt growth. It's been a sea of red in Asia so far on Wednesday, with new U.S. moves turning up the heat in the trade war with China, but at least the losses have been relatively shallow compared with other down days of the past few weeks.  Washington issued new export licensing requirements for Nvidia's H20 and AMD's MI308 artificial intelligence chips to China.  Nvidia's shares slumped 6% in after-hours trading, after it said the move would cost $5.5 billion. Nvidia on Tuesday said it would take $5.5 billion in charges after the U.S. government limited exports of its H20 artificial intelligence chip to China, a key market for one of its most popular chips.  Nvidia's AI chips have been a key focus of U.S. export controls as U.S. officials have moved to keep the most advanced chips from being sold to China as the U.S. tries to keep ahead in the AI race.  After those controls were implemented, Nvidia began designing chips that would come as close as possible to U.S. limits. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.