Title: Real ID enforcement to start May 7: What US travelers should know
Date: 2025-05-05 16:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/real-id-enforcement-start-may-162306481.html?.tsrc=rss

American travelers will be expected to have a Real ID-compliant form of identification in order to board domestic flights starting this Wednesday, May 7. Wealth hostBrad Smithoutlines alternative IDs to travel for those still waiting on their Real ID. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealthhere. Planning a big summer getaway? Make sure you've got the right ID to travel. Starting May 7th, every air traveler over the age of 18 will need a real ID to pass through security checkpoints. Yeah, I know what you're asking. What the heck is a real ID? Well, a real ID is a federally compliant DMV issued driver's license, learner's permit or state ID required for all domestic flights. A real ID compliant license has a star symbol in the upper right corner. Now, if you're not sure if your license or ID qualifies, check with your state's DMV. If it does not, you'll need to get a new one. And it could take weeks for the hard copy to arrive. The Department of Homeland Security warns that paper or temporary IDs may not be accepted by the TSA. So, make sure your identification is in order before you travel. If your driver's license isn't real ID compliant, don't panic. Other accepted forms of ID include a passport, a permanent resident card, an enhanced driver's license, or a border crossing card. For a full list of acceptable IDs, head to the TSA website and travelers who don't have a real ID or another approved form of identification, they may face delays, additional screening, or may not be allowed through security at all. SHEL generates cash flow from operations of $9.3 billion, returns $2.2 billion to its shareholders through dividends and spends $3.7 billion on capital projects. The mean of analysts' price targets for Celsius (CELH) points to a 25.7% upside in the stock. While this highly sought-after metric has not proven reasonably effective, strong agreement among analysts in raising earnings estimates does indicate an upside in the stock. Avoid these car financing mistakes that can take money out of your pocket. This was no ordinary Southwest plane.  Travelers won’t be able to buy or reserve the Southwest seats until later this year for travel in early 2026.  The first planes were retrofitted last week, and I couldn’t wait to size up the extra legroom. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.