Title: Delta must face passenger lawsuit over massive computer outage
Date: 2025-05-06 21:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-must-face-passenger-lawsuit-212830977.html?.tsrc=rss

By Jonathan Stempel (Reuters) -Delta Air Lines must face a proposed class action by passengers who said it refused to offer full refunds after delaying or canceling their flights following a massive computer outage last July, a federal judge ruled on Tuesday. U.S. District Judge Mark Cohen in Atlanta said five of the nine plaintiffs may pursue breach of contract claims based on Delta's failure to refund. The judge allowed a different group of five plaintiffs to pursue claims related to delayed and canceled flights under the Montreal Convention, a multilateral treaty. Cohen dismissed the remaining claims, including those he said were preempted by federal law. The July 19, 2024 outage stemmed from a flawed software update from cybersecurity company CrowdStrike that crashed more than 8 million computers and affected many Microsoft customers. Disruptions eased the next day for many U.S. airlines but lasted longer at Delta, which canceled about 7,000 flights. "This ruling is a major step forward for Delta passengers seeking accountability," Joseph Sauder, a lawyer for some of the plaintiffs, said in an email. Neither Delta nor its lawyers immediately responded to requests for comment. The Atlanta-based carrier had sought the dismissal of all claims, aside from one refund claim and international travelers' claims under the Montreal Convention. Passengers accused Delta of failing to provide automatic refunds following the outage, and providing partial refunds only if they waived further legal claims. One plaintiff, John Brennan of Florida, said he and his wife missed a $10,000 anniversary cruise after Delta stranded them in an Atlanta layover, yet the carrier offered just $219.45 in compensation. Another plaintiff, Vittorio Muzzi of the Netherlands, said he spent 5,000 euros ($5,685) and his luggage was delayed 15 days after Delta scrapped his flight to Florida from Amsterdam, yet the carrier offered just 588 euros ($669) in compensation. Delta has estimated that the outage cost $550 million in lost revenue and added costs, while saving $50 million of fuel. The case is Bajra et al v Delta Air Lines, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Georgia, No. 24-03477. (1 euro = $1.137) (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New YorkEditing by Bill Berkrot) My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?