Title: Jim Cramer_ UnitedHealth (UNH) “Defines What People Want” – Totally Domestic and in Demand
Date: 2025-04-16 16:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-unitedhealth-unh-defines-165227933.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: We recently published a list ofJim Cramer is Bullish on These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host, Jim Cramer, shared his perspective on how investors might approach the stock market given the current economic uncertainty. “You gotta make a list and decide what you can live with and what’s simply too dicey to buy. That my good friends, is how you have to think about stocks right now if you’re willing to be a slave to this crazy market in order to try to pocket what you can during this difficult period.” READ ALSO:Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to WatchandJim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. Cramer emphasized that before making any trading decision unless the plan is to hold it long-term and ride out near-term turbulence, investors should run what he described as a “gauntlet” of significant considerations. The first question he raised is whether the company in question does business in any foreign country. While it is common for investors to be cautious about China these days, Cramer pointed out that any nation could suddenly draw the ire of the U.S. president. “Now, it’s one thing to be worried about China, but it’s another to recognize that any country could at any time find itself on the president’s bad side. And once they get on his bad side, any American company doing real business there, finished.” Cramer stressed the importance of avoiding companies that rely on international operations or resources. The second point on his checklist involved evaluating whether a company is cyclical, essentially, if it is vulnerable to swings in the broader economy. Highlighting the scale of the current trade friction, Cramer pointed out that the United States is effectively embargoing $439 billion worth of goods from China. He noted that it is likely to push inflation to levels not seen in a very long time. He added: “It’s hard to disagree with that assessment and I say that as someone who generally supports a trade crackdown on the Chinese government.” For this article, we compiled a list of 10 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 11. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).

