Title: Nabors Q1 Loss Wider Than Expected, Revenues Decline Y/Y
Date: 2025-05-01 10:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nabors-q1-loss-wider-expected-101400533.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nabors Industries Ltd. NBR reported a first-quarter 2025 adjusted loss of $7.5 per share, which was wider than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of $2.64. This underperformance was mainly due to lower adjusted operating income from its U.S. Drilling segment.  Moreover, the bottom line deteriorated from the year-ago quarter’s reported loss of $5.16 per share. (See the Zacks Earnings Calendar to stay ahead of market-making news.)
The oil and gas drilling company’s operating revenues of $736.2 million beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $718 million, driven by stronger revenue contributions from the International Drilling segment. However, the figure decreased from the year-ago quarter’s $743.9 million due to poor year-over-year revenue contributions from the U.S. Drilling and Drilling Solutions segments.
On the other hand, adjusted EBITDA decreased to $206.3 million from $221 million recorded a year ago. The figure also missed our model estimate of $221.6 million.
Nabors Industries Ltd. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Nabors Industries Ltd. Quote
In March, Nabors finalized the acquisition of Parker Wellbore, strengthening its portfolio with complementary, strategically aligned assets. The deal adds Quail Tools, the top tubular rental provider in the United States, along with the leading casing running operations in Saudi Arabia and the UAE, and a fleet of 10 drilling rigs active in international markets and Alaska. The acquisition is anticipated to be immediately accretive to Nabors’ free cash flow in 2025 and to improve its leverage profile.
In the first quarter, the SANAD joint venture deployed its 10th newbuild rig. The 11th rig began operations in April and the 12th is scheduled to start later in the second quarter. Two more rigs are planned to come online in the second half of 2025. As these rigs are deployed, they are expected to significantly boost SANAD's adjusted EBITDA and support its customers’ efforts to sustain production capacity and expand natural gas development.
Nabors and Corva AI have expanded their strategic alliance by integrating Corva’s AI-driven analytics into the former’s RigCLOUD platform. This collaboration merges Nabors' edge and cloud computing capabilities with Corva’s advanced analytics to enhance real-time data processing, deliver predictive insights and boost operational performance, ultimately improving decision-making and maximizing efficiency.
In March, NBR suspended operations on its three rigs in Russia in response to recently expanded sanctions. Given the current environment, Nabors does not anticipate resuming activity in this market in the near term. Financial performance in the region had already been increasingly marginal.
U.S. Drilling generated operating revenues of $230.7 million, down 15.2% from the year-ago quarter’s $272 million. However, the figure beat our model estimate of $221.6 million. Operating profit totaled $31.6 million compared with $50.5 million in the year-ago quarter. The figure also missed our estimated profit of $45 million.
International Drilling’s operational revenues of $381.7 million increased from $349.4 million a year ago. The unit’s top line also beat our estimate of $357.1 million. Operating profit totaled $33 million compared with the prior-year quarter’s $22.5 million. The figure also beat our estimated profit of $26.6 million.
Revenues from the Drilling Solutions segment totaled $93.2 million, up 23.3% from $75.6 million recorded in the prior-year quarter. The top line also beat our estimate of $78.7 million. Additionally, the unit’s operating income of $32.9 million increased from the year-ago quarter’s $26.9 million. The figure beat our estimate of $28 million.
Revenues from Rig Technologies totaled $44.2 million, down 11.9% from the prior-year quarter’s $50.2 million. The figure also missed our estimation of $47.6 million. The segment’s operating profit totaled $4.3 million compared with the prior-year quarter’s $4.2 million. The figure also surpassed our estimation of $3.5 million.
Nabors’ total costs and expenses decreased to $670.6 million from $736.9 million in the year-ago quarter. Additionally, the amount was down from our prediction of $711.4 million.
As of March 31, 2025, this Zacks Rank #2 (buy) company had $404.1 million in cash and short-term investments. Long-term debt was about $2.7 billion, with a total debt-to-total capital of 80.5%.
Capital expenditures totaled $159.2 million during the same time.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
U.S. Drilling: Nabors expects that in the second quarter of 2025, the Lower 48 average rig count will range from 63-64 rigs, with a daily adjusted gross margin of approximately $14,100. In Alaska and the Gulf of Mexico, the company expects a combined adjusted EBITDA of around $26 million.
International: The company expects an average international rig count of 85-86 rigs during the second quarter of 2025, including two rigs from Parker. The daily adjusted gross margin is expected to be approximately $17,700.
Drilling Solutions: NBR anticipates adjusted EBITDA of approximately $75 million in the second quarter of 2025, including an estimated $43 million contribution from Parker operations.
Rig Technologies: Nabors expects adjusted EBITDA for Rig Technologies in the second quarter of 2025 to be roughly in line with results from the first quarter.
Capital Expenditures: The company expects capital expenditures for the second quarter of 2025 to be between $220 million and $230 million, including $35 million for Parker operations and $100 million to $105 million for newbuilds in Saudi Arabia. For the full-year 2025, NBR anticipates capital expenditures of approximately $770-$780 million, with $360 million for SANAD newbuilds and $60 million for Parker.
Adjusted Free Cash Flow: Nabors expects adjusted free cash flow for the full-year 2025 to be approximately $80 million, excluding any impact from tariffs. SANAD is expected to consume about $150 million, while the remaining operations, including Parker, should generate around $230 million.
SANAD Joint Venture Outlook: The company expects SANAD Joint Venture's 2025 EBITDA to exceed $300 million, reflecting strong operational performance. It also anticipates adding five newbuilds annually, which is expected to support continued EBITDA growth in the coming years. Furthermore, NBR’s management has indicated that an IPO of SANAD is a serious strategic option currently under review.
While we have discussed NBR’s first-quarter results in detail, let us take a look at three other key reports in this space.
Oil and gas equipment and services provider, Liberty Energy LBRT, reported a first-quarter 2025 adjusted net income of 4 cents per share, which marginally beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 3 cents. Liberty's outperformance indicated operational efficiencies as well as increased utilization of frac and wireline fleets. However, the bottom line underperformed the year-ago quarter’s reported figure of 48 cents due to a decline in service activity.
As of March 31, Liberty had approximately $24.1 million in cash and cash equivalents. The pressure pumper’s long-term debt of $210 million represented a debt-to-capitalization of 9.6%.
Another oil and gas equipment and services provider, Halliburton Company HAL, posted first-quarter 2025 adjusted net income per share of 60 cents. The figure met with the Zacks Consensus Estimate but was down from the year-ago quarter’s profit of 76 cents (adjusted). The numbers reflect softer activity in the region of North America, partly offset by international growth. Meanwhile, Halliburton’s revenues of $5.4 billion decreased 6.7% year over year but beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $5.3 billion.
As of March 31, 2025, Halliburton had approximately $1.8 billion in cash/cash equivalents and $7.2 billion in long-term debt, representing a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 40.8.
Houston, TX-based oil and gas equipment and services provider, Baker Hughes BKR, reported first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings of 51 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 47 cents. The bottom line also improved from the year-ago level of 43 cents.
As of March 31, 2025, Baker had cash and cash equivalents of $3,277 million. Baker had a long-term debt of $5,969 million at the end of the reported quarter, with a debt-to-capitalization of 25.9%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Halliburton Company (HAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Baker Hughes Company (BKR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Liberty Energy Inc. (LBRT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio