Title: Gear Up for UnitedHealth (UNH) Q1 Earnings: Wall Street Estimates for Key Metrics
Date: 2025-04-14 13:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gear-unitedhealth-unh-q1-earnings-131518260.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Analysts on Wall Street project that UnitedHealth Group (UNH) will announce quarterly earnings of $7.27 per share in its forthcoming report, representing an increase of 5.2% year over year. Revenues are projected to reach $111.01 billion, increasing 11.2% from the same quarter last year.
The current level reflects an upward revision of 0.1% in the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter over the past 30 days. This demonstrates how the analysts covering the stock have collectively reappraised their initial projections over this period.
Ahead of a company's earnings disclosure, it is crucial to give due consideration to changes in earnings estimates. These revisions serve as a noteworthy factor in predicting potential investor reactions to the stock. Numerous empirical studies consistently demonstrate a strong relationship between trends in earnings estimate revision and the short-term price performance of a stock.
While it's common for investors to rely on consensus earnings and revenue estimates for assessing how the business may have performed during the quarter, exploring analysts' forecasts for key metrics can yield valuable insights.
Given this perspective, it's time to examine the average forecasts of specific UnitedHealth metrics that are routinely monitored and predicted by Wall Street analysts.
Analysts expect 'Revenues- Products' to come in at $13.33 billion. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +11.9%.
The average prediction of analysts places 'Revenues- Services' at $9.76 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +9.8% year over year.
According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Revenues- Premiums' should come in at $86.94 billion. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +11.5%.
Analysts' assessment points toward 'Revenues- Investment and other income' reaching $1.06 billion. The estimate points to a change of +4.4% from the year-ago quarter.
Analysts predict that the 'Operating Statistics - Medical Care Ratio' will reach 85.9%. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 84.3%.
The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Commercial - Domestic- Risk-based' will likely reach 9 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 8.55 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
The consensus estimate for 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Commercial - Domestic- Fee-based' stands at 21.46 million. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 20.87 million.
Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Total Community and Senior' should arrive at 20.16 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 19.77 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
The consensus among analysts is that 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicare Advantage' will reach 8.21 million. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 7.76 million.
The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicaid' of 7.62 million. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 7.68 million.
It is projected by analysts that the 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicare Supplement (Standardized)' will reach 4.33 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 4.33 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
Analysts forecast 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Medicare Part D stand-alone' to reach 2.81 million. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 3.09 million.View all Key Company Metrics for UnitedHealth here>>>UnitedHealth shares have witnessed a change of +22.7% in the past month, in contrast to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -3.6% move. With a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), UNH is expected outperform the overall market performance in the near term. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
