Why Nike Stock Wilted on Wednesday
2025-04-30 20-36
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/30/why-nike-stock-wilted-on-wednesday/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
One analyst is no longer willing to run with Nike (NKE 0.71%), and the stock stumbled on Wednesday as a result. Numerous investors took the pundit's recommendation downgrade to heart and traded out of Nike; when the race was over, the shares had clocked a 2% decline in price. That wasn't impressive considering the S&P 500 index inched up on the day, albeit only marginally.
Before market open, Wells Fargo (WFC 1.10%) prognosticator Ike Boruchow knocked his Nike recommendation down to equal weight (read: hold) from his preceding overweight (buy). He also made a relatively aggressive cut to his price target on the well-known athletic apparel and equipment company to $55 per share from $75. 
Nike bulls could take some comfort from the fact that Boruchow's move was part of a broader update on U.S. apparel and footwear stocks, and not limited to Nike. 
According to reports, the analyst expressed concern about the effect of the current "punitive" tariffs imposed by the Trump administration on such companies, many of which are active importers of goods and materials from China.
Boruchow also factored in widespread expectations of a mild recession in this country, which to no small degree should stem from the trade war. Finally, he opined that Nike's business turnaround, in which it's aiming to reestablish good relations with retailers following a clumsy attempt to focus on direct-to-consumer (DTC) selling, was taking longer than anticipated. 
When management aims to change the strategy of a large, sprawling business, it can be like attempting to turn a battleship -- a slow and challenging endeavor. That being said, we really should be seeing more significant improvements from Nike now that its shift has been in effect for quite some time.
There's much to like about this innovative company with its great knack for marketing, but investors are getting understandably impatient for better results.

 

Before you buy stock in Nike, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $610,327!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $667,581!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025


Wells Fargo is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/01/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.