E-Commerce Update - AI-Powered Payments Revolutionize Global Commerce
2025-05-01 12-37
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/e-commerce-ai-powered-payments-123742999.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Recently, PayOS emerged from stealth mode, announcing collaborations with Mastercard and Visa to enhance AI-driven payments in the e-commerce space. This partnership leverages Mastercard's Agentic Tokens and Visa Intelligent Commerce, providing AI developers with unprecedented access to major payment networks. PayOS aims to streamline checkouts, billing, and transactions with a card-native system that supports all major networks, promoting secure and frictionless commerce for agent-driven economies. This development underscores the importance of integrating AI with payment solutions to support new use cases and transform commerce globally.
Visa last closed at $345.50 up 1.2%.
In other trading, Oddity Tech was trading firmly up 30.4% and finishing the session at $61.44, not far from its 52-week high. This week, Oddity Tech raised its full-year earnings guidance, expecting revenue growth to exceed 20%. At the same time, Microalliance Group trailed, down 20% to close at $1.00.
Visa's rapid expansion in tap-to-pay and global banking partnerships promises substantial transaction growth. Discover more about this compelling opportunity by clicking through to our detailed narrative on Visa.
Don't miss our *Market Insights* article "Beyond the US: Global Markets After Yet Another Tariff Update" for insights on tariff impacts on global e-commerce strategies—get in fast!
Alibaba Group Holding ended the day at $119.43 up 0.5%. On Tuesday, the company launched its Qwen3 AI models, emphasizing their competitive performance and cost-efficiency.
Amazon.com settled at $184.42 down 1.6%. This week, Amazon announced a partnership with Korbyt for a cost-effective digital signage solution, while expanding its delivery footprint in Missouri with a new last-mile facility.
NIKE settled at $56.40 down 2%.
Click through to start exploring the rest of the 231 E-Commerce Stocks including Tesco, Abdullah Al-Othaim Markets and Paysafe now.
Ready For A Different Approach? Rare earth metals are an input to most high-tech devices, military and defence systems and electric vehicles. The global race is on to secure supply of these critical minerals. Beat the pack to uncover the 23 best rare earth metal stocks of the very few that mine this essential strategic resource.
This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sources:
Simply Wall St
"PayOS Teams Up with Mastercard and Visa Intelligent Commerce, Emerges From Stealth to Power AI-Driven Payments" from PayOS on GlobeNewswire (published 30 April 2025)
Companies discussed in this article include NasdaqGM:ODD NYSE:V NYSE:BABA NasdaqGS:AMZN NYSE:NKE and OTCPK:MALG.
This article was originally published by Simply Wall St.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
Amazon Web Services offers tools that allow companies to build artificial intelligence (AI) applications without needing their own infrastructure.  Amazon's suite of businesses stands to gain significantly from integrating AI into them.  Amazon plans to spend $100 billion this year on capital expenditures, with most going toward AI infrastructure.
News of the day for May 1, 2025
One analyst is no longer willing to run with Nike (NYSE: NKE), and the stock stumbled on Wednesday as a result.  Numerous investors took the pundit's recommendation downgrade to heart and traded out of Nike; when the race was over, the shares had clocked a 2% decline in price.  Before market open, Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) prognosticator Ike Boruchow knocked his Nike recommendation down to equal weight (read: hold) from his preceding overweight (buy).
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Alibaba (BABA) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
The move is set to accelerate delivery times for customers in less densely populated areas.
We recently published a list of 13 Most Profitable Growth Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PDD Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:PDD) stands against other most profitable growth stocks to buy now. The growth factor in investing refers to companies that grow their revenue and earnings at […]
An Amazon Prime membership almost seems like a necessity these days, as both online shopping and stay-at-home entertainment viewing have picked up dramatically in popularity. Many customers view the...
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.