Wells Fargo downgrades Nike saying turnaround taking longer than expected
2025-04-30 14-40
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wells-fargo-downgrades-nike-saying-144025360.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Investing.com -- Wells Fargo downgraded  Nike  (NYSE:NKE) to Equal-weight from its previous Overweight rating saying the turnaround was taking longer than expected time while the sector faces dual pressures of elevated tariffs on Chinese imports and expectations for a mild U.S. recession beginning in the second half of 2025.Nike’s target was hacked by $20 to $55Wells Fargo slashed 2026 earnings estimates across the U.S. apparel and footwear sector.The brokerage cut its 2026 EPS forecasts by 20-25% below Street estimates and downgraded several stocks, including Carter’s Inc and Victoria’s Secret & Co, to “underweight,” citing poor positioning to manage near-term headwinds.
Gap Inc (NYSE:GAP) was also downgraded to “equal weight” from “overweight.”
“We now incorporate, current tariff headwinds and, assumptions for a mild recession into our model, both headwinds to begin impacting numbers in 2H25,” analysts wrote, noting a cumulative 145% tariff on Chinese imports and weak consumer sentiment.
By contrast, Levi Strauss & Co was upgraded to “overweight” as a “winner” in the space, with Wells Fargo highlighting low China exposure and strong brand momentum.Canada Goose Holdings (NYSE:GOOS) Inc and VF Corp (NYSE:VFC) were both upgraded to “equal weight” from “underweight,” as bear cases appeared “largely played out.”
Wells Fargo added that resale platforms such as The RealReal (NASDAQ:REAL) Inc and ThredUp Inc were the only names in its coverage where it did not lower estimates, citing their counter-cyclical positioning and zero tariff exposure.

Related articles
Wells Fargo downgrades Nike saying turnaround taking longer than expected
Pichai pushes back on antitrust remedies, hints at Apple Gemini talks
Seaport starts coverage of chip stocks, says sell Nvidia, buy Broadcom, AMD
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) stands against Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust’s other stock picks. Bill Gates has invested billions of […]
Nike stock receives downgrade as Wells Fargo revises retail targets based on recession expectations. Levi Strauss avoids China impact.
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings  stock tumbled Wednesday after the cruise operator missed earnings expectations in the first quarter and signaled softening demand.  With the other two around 2% down Wednesday, Norwegian’s underperformance is set to become even more stark.
The four-year-old upstart founded by Nike veterans has worked with brands and athletes including Lululemon and Anthony Edwards.
One analyst is no longer willing to run with Nike (NYSE: NKE), and the stock stumbled on Wednesday as a result.  Numerous investors took the pundit's recommendation downgrade to heart and traded out of Nike; when the race was over, the shares had clocked a 2% decline in price.  Before market open, Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) prognosticator Ike Boruchow knocked his Nike recommendation down to equal weight (read: hold) from his preceding overweight (buy).
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Here are the essential steps for stock traders to get from start to finish.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...