Is Trending Stock NIKE, Inc. (NKE) a Buy Now_
2025-05-01 13-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trending-stock-nike-inc-nke-130013671.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nike (NKE) is one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com visitors lately. So, it might be a good idea to review some of the factors that might affect the near-term performance of the stock.
Over the past month, shares of this athletic apparel maker have returned -13.2%, compared to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -0.7% change. During this period, the Zacks Shoes and Retail Apparel industry, which Nike falls in, has lost 9.9%. The key question now is: What could be the stock's future direction?
Although media reports or rumors about a significant change in a company's business prospects usually cause its stock to trend and lead to an immediate price change, there are always certain fundamental factors that ultimately drive the buy-and-hold decision.
Rather than focusing on anything else, we at Zacks prioritize evaluating the change in a company's earnings projection. This is because we believe the fair value for its stock is determined by the present value of its future stream of earnings.
We essentially look at how sell-side analysts covering the stock are revising their earnings estimates to reflect the impact of the latest business trends. And if earnings estimates go up for a company, the fair value for its stock goes up. A higher fair value than the current market price drives investors' interest in buying the stock, leading to its price moving higher. This is why empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements.
Nike is expected to post earnings of $0.10 per share for the current quarter, representing a year-over-year change of -90.1%. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate has changed -12.1%.
The consensus earnings estimate of $2.15 for the current fiscal year indicates a year-over-year change of -45.6%. This estimate has changed +0.1% over the last 30 days.
For the next fiscal year, the consensus earnings estimate of $1.95 indicates a change of -9.3% from what Nike is expected to report a year ago. Over the past month, the estimate has changed -2.1%.
With an impressive externally audited track record, our proprietary stock rating tool -- the Zacks Rank -- is a more conclusive indicator of a stock's near-term price performance, as it effectively harnesses the power of earnings estimate revisions. The size of the recent change in the consensus estimate, along with three other factors related to earnings estimates, has resulted in a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) for Nike.
The chart below shows the evolution of the company's forward 12-month consensus EPS estimate:
Even though a company's earnings growth is arguably the best indicator of its financial health, nothing much happens if it cannot raise its revenues. It's almost impossible for a company to grow its earnings without growing its revenue for long periods. Therefore, knowing a company's potential revenue growth is crucial.
For Nike, the consensus sales estimate for the current quarter of $10.64 billion indicates a year-over-year change of -15.6%. For the current and next fiscal years, $45.85 billion and $45.22 billion estimates indicate -10.7% and -1.4% changes, respectively.
Nike reported revenues of $11.27 billion in the last reported quarter, representing a year-over-year change of -9.3%. EPS of $0.54 for the same period compares with $0.98 a year ago.
Compared to the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $11.03 billion, the reported revenues represent a surprise of +2.13%. The EPS surprise was +92.86%.
The company beat consensus EPS estimates in each of the trailing four quarters. The company topped consensus revenue estimates two times over this period.
No investment decision can be efficient without considering a stock's valuation. Whether a stock's current price rightly reflects the intrinsic value of the underlying business and the company's growth prospects is an essential determinant of its future price performance.
While comparing the current values of a company's valuation multiples, such as price-to-earnings (P/E), price-to-sales (P/S) and price-to-cash flow (P/CF), with its own historical values helps determine whether its stock is fairly valued, overvalued, or undervalued, comparing the company relative to its peers on these parameters gives a good sense of the reasonability of the stock's price.
As part of the Zacks Style Scores system, the Zacks Value Style Score (which evaluates both traditional and unconventional valuation metrics) organizes stocks into five groups ranging from A to F (A is better than B; B is better than C; and so on), making it helpful in identifying whether a stock is overvalued, rightly valued, or temporarily undervalued.
Nike is graded C on this front, indicating that it is trading at par with its peers. Click here to see the values of some of the valuation metrics that have driven this grade.
The facts discussed here and much other information on Zacks.com might help determine whether or not it's worthwhile paying attention to the market buzz about Nike. However, its Zacks Rank #3 does suggest that it may perform in line with the broader market in the near term.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
NIKE, Inc. (NKE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Ken Fisher’s 10 Industrial Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Ingersoll Rand Inc. (NYSE:IR) stands against other billionaire Ken Fisher’s industrial stock picks with huge upside potential. The economy strongly influences industrial stocks, which have fallen […]
Nike stock receives downgrade as Wells Fargo revises retail targets based on recession expectations. Levi Strauss avoids China impact.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...