NIKE, Inc. Declares $0.40 Quarterly Dividend
2025-05-01 21-15
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-inc-declares-0-40-211500804.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
BEAVERTON, Ore., May 01, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--NIKE, Inc. (NYSE: NKE) announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per share on the Company’s outstanding Class A and Class B Common Stock payable on July 1, 2025, to shareholders of record at the close of business on June 2, 2025.
About NIKE, Inc.
NIKE, Inc., headquartered near Beaverton, Oregon, is the world's leading designer, marketer and distributor of authentic athletic footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories for a wide variety of sports and fitness activities. Converse, a wholly-owned NIKE, Inc. subsidiary brand, designs, markets and distributes athletic lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories. For more information, NIKE, Inc.’s earnings releases and other financial information are available on the Internet at https://investors.nike.com. Individuals can also visit https://about.nike.com/en/newsroom and follow NIKE on LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250501636954/en/
Contacts
Investor Contact:Paul Trussellinvestor.relations@nike.com
Media Contact:Virginia Rustique-Pettenimedia.relations@nike.com
Nike (NKE) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
McDonald's low-cost value meals weren't enough to slow the drop in traffic to its fast food restaurants as consumers cut back spending.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...