Publicis acquires Adopt to strengthen connection to sports culture
2025-04-30 10-27
https://www.marketingdive.com/news/publicis-acquires-adopt-to-strengthen-connection-to-sports-culture/746711/?.tsrc=rss
Let Marketing Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

The four-year-old upstart founded by Nike veterans has worked with brands and athletes including Lululemon, Visa and Anthony Edwards.
Publicis is strengthening its sports-marketing muscle with the acquisition of Adopt, a Portland, Oregon-based upstart led by a pair of experienced former Nike executives and a trailblazing sports agent. Sports marketing is quickly evolving as more broadcast rights make the transition to streaming while areas including college name, image and likeness deals and women’s sports see a surge in advertiser interest. 
The news drops ahead of the upfronts, an annual period for brokering ad-spending commitments where sports are often a major piece of the discussion. In February, Publicis introduced an investment group focused on women’s sports, called Women’s Sports Connect. Other agencies, including WPP’s GroupM, have made similar maneuvers to capitalize on an increasingly lucrative market.
Adopt has worked with both large brands and individual athletes, including Anthony Davis, Dwayne Wade and Chloe Kim. The agency also supports Klutch Athletics, the sportswear brand launched by co-founder Paul in 2023.
“Adopt is at the forefront of creativity, culture and human behavior — blending all three to deliver customer-centric brand strategies,” said Dave Penski, global CEO of Publicis Connected Media, in a statement around the deal. “Their deep and multi-faceted expertise is invaluable to all clients seeking to define and modernize their brand at the speed of culture.” 
Before starting Adopt, Creech capped off a nearly two-decade tenure at Nike as vice president of global brand creative and vice president of design for Jordan Brand. Moore was at the apparel maker for over 12 years, ending his stint as global vice president and creative director of Nike Digital, Retail and Content. He spearheaded initiatives such as the popular Nike Snkrs app and Nike Apple Watch.
Publicis is staying active in dealmaking even as the economy softens and agencies brace for pullbacks. In recent months, the network has acquired digital performance marketing agency Dysrupt and identity solutions firm Lotame. The ad-holding group’s organic revenue increased 4.9% year over year in Q1, though leaders cautioned at the time that client cuts could be coming as a result of tariffs.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
After handling the CPG giant’s business at Publicis, Gail Hollander now leads the marketer’s in-house efforts to modernize brands for new audiences.
As marketers continue to look for inspiration in campaigns and culture of the past, the savviest will focus on brand truths to make meaningful connections.
Subscribe to Marketing Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
After handling the CPG giant’s business at Publicis, Gail Hollander now leads the marketer’s in-house efforts to modernize brands for new audiences.
As marketers continue to look for inspiration in campaigns and culture of the past, the savviest will focus on brand truths to make meaningful connections.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines