Title: Microsoft Slips as Wedbush Cites Tariff-Driven Capex Headwinds; Cuts Target
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 14-09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-slips-wedbush-cites-tariff-140924472.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) slipped about 2% in Thursday's premarket trade after Wedbush Securities flagged mounting uncertainty around tariffs as a near-term overhang on corporate spending.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 1 Warning Sign with MSFT.
The shifting stance on China tariffs, suspensions, reinstatements, and a 90-day pause, coupled with rising U.S. bond yields, has shaken business investment sentiment, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives wrote in a note to clients.
He warned that up to 15% of cloud and AI-related initiatives could face delays if tariff tensions escalate. Microsoft's Azure unit is likely to feel the brunt of that slowdown, Ives added.
While Wedbush reiterated its "Outperform" rating, the firm trimmed its earnings outlook for the June quarter and fiscal year 2026. Ives also lowered his price target on Microsoft to $475 from $550, citing the poker game around tariffs and Chinese supply chain risk.
Still, investors might overlook a weak June quarter if key deals shift to the back half of the year, Ives said, noting expectations for a rocky tech earnings season ahead.
Microsoft is scheduled to report quarterly results on April 30, with analysts forecasting earnings of $3.23 per share on revenue of $68.51 billion, according to consensus estimates.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
Morgan Stanley analyst Benjamin Swinburne lowered the firm’s price target on Charter (CHTR) to $385 from $415 and keeps an Equal Weight rating on the shares. The firm estimates that better-than-expected Q4 U.S. wireless net additions partially reversed in a more competitive Q1, but sees quarterly fluctuations as “still consistent with a healthy industry offering defensive earnings growth,” the analyst tells investors in a note on the group. The firm trimmed its broadband net adds at Charter, ref
Microsoft (MSFT) is among tech companies that will likely face the impact of a potential slowdown in
The hyperscaler rolled out an agent interoperability protocol that already has buy-in from Accenture, Deloitte and KPMG, Wednesday at Google Cloud Next.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Investors Are Watching Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks investors are watching today. Tech experts strongly believe that the new tariffs could potentially slow down the AI boom. “The AI Revolution […]
As businesses continue with digital transformation, the battle for cloud dominance is heating up. Amazon’s (AMZN) AWS and Alphabet’s (GOOGL) Google Cloud are among the biggest players in the game. While AWS remains the market leader with its mature ecosystem, Google is making aggressive strides with AI-driven innovation and strategic partnerships. Let’s compare how the two cloud titans stack up in the last quarter of 2024. AWS vs. Google Cloud: Revenue Breakdown According to Main Street Data, AW
Raymond James analyst Michael Barth upgraded Canadian Natural (CNQ) to Outperform from Market Perform with a price target of C$49, down from C$52. The shares are down nearly 20% year-to-date, and the new price target represents 36% upside, the analyst tells investors in a research note. The firm’s model suggests Canadian Natural shares are now pricing in something like flat $54 per barrel oil into perpetuity, which strikes it “as overly punitive for one of the lowest cost producers and best capi
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
