Title: Google slashes business software prices for US federal agencies
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 16-01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/google-slashes-business-software-prices-160100736.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Reuters) - Google (GOOG)will offer steep discounts to U.S. federal agencies for its business apps package as the company looks to capitalize on the Trump administration's cost-cutting push and chip away at Microsoft's longstanding grip on the government software market.
The move comes amid U.S. President Donald Trump's drive to minimize federal spending through billionaire ally Elon Musk's DOGE government reform team, which is working to cancel contracts and shrink agencies.
The 71% discount as part of an agreement with the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) could generate up to $2 billion in cost savings for federal agencies if there is government-wide adoption, Google said on Thursday.
The GSA, which manages federal property and services, was among the first agencies targeted by Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) layoffs.
"The Workspace agreement marks a step forward in GSA's work with Google and other companies to create cost savings for the federal government," the GSA said on Thursday.
Pricing will be based on the "volume of the entire government", rather than the lower discounts previously available through separate agreements on an agency-by-agency basis, the GSA added.
The discounts, effective till September 30, could help Google entrench itself deeper into government spending contracts, which are otherwise dominated by Microsoft.
Microsoft's share of the U.S. government software market was estimated to be about 85% in 2021, according to research firm Omdia.
Google has been attempting to beef up its offerings with the addition of a slew of AI features powered by its large language model Gemini to its Workspace suite, as it competes against Microsoft for a bigger piece of consumer, enterprise and government budgets.
Workspace has already been in use by some government bodies. The Air Force Research Laboratory, which supports the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. Space Force, has been using its products since 2021, Google said.
(Reporting by Arsheeya Bajwa in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
The balance of risks for the global credit outlook remains negative. The United States government’s wide-ranging new import tariffs have exacerbated global economic and financial vulnerabilities.
Whether you're a value, growth, or momentum investor, finding strong stocks becomes easier with the Zacks Style Scores, a top feature of the Zacks Premium research service.
The spigot of money flowing into artificial intelligence is still very much on, despite the uncertainty around tariffs and the economy.  Tariffs have muddied the future of the global economy and remain a wildcard despite President Trump’s temporary backing-down Wednesday.  Only a significant economic slowdown caused by trade disruptions would truly force them to reconsider.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Calls Market Decline ‘Man-Made’ and Breaks Down 15 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Monday, April 7th, Jim Cramer opened the Mad Money episode with a message of […]
Microsoft (MSFT) is among tech companies that will likely face the impact of a potential slowdown in
TSMC, Alphabet, and Amazon have shown their hands this week that investing in artificial-intelligence remains a priority.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
