Title: Well-Known Analyst Cuts MSFT Price Target, Says Big Tech Will Undergo “Covid Playbook”
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 13-40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/well-known-analyst-cuts-msft-134025969.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Dan Ives, a prominent tech analyst at Wedbush Securities, lowered his price target on Microsoft (MSFT) to $475 from $550 recently, citing his belief that spending on data centers will drop going forward.
Additionally, Ives, speaking on CNBC, suggested that the scenario for Big Tech over the longer term would be similar to what the sector underwent during the coronavirus pandemic.
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
Why Ives Expects the Big Cloud Players' Spending to Fall
Spending on data centers by MSFT, Alphabet (GOOG), and Amazon (AMZN) is likely to fall 10% to 15%, while some capital expenditures are being paused, Ives said.
Many tech companies have significant exposure to China, and the high tariffs on the Asian country will make a large number of Big Tech firms' projects much more expensive, the analyst indicated.
"China is the epicenter, and once you stop projects, the process snowballs," making it difficult to restart initiatives, the analyst explained.
The Outlook for Big Tech
Ives expects Big Tech firms to report very weak Q2 results. Over the longer term, he plans to use "the Covid playbook" when it comes to assessing Big Tech companies. Specifically, the analyst will "throw out the next two or three quarters" and try to determine the "winners" based on their outlooks for 2026.
Meanwhile, Ives expects Big Tech stocks to be very volatile for the next few weeks.
While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: The author owns shares of AMZN but has no intention of selling them in the next 24 hours This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Shares of the tech-giant Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) were plummeting today as the broader market responded negatively to an escalating trade war with China.  Investors are still trying to decipher the impact of 10% tariffs on other countries -- along with 145% on China -- and if higher tariffs are still on the table after President Trump walked back some of the highest ones yesterday.  Additionally, Microsoft investors are likely processing news from yesterday that said the company may be cutting additional jobs next month, as well as its decision to scale back some data center investments.
Amid the rubble of President Donald Trump's escalating trade war, Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA), the semiconductor powerhouse fueling the artificial intelligence (AI) revolution, has watched its share price crumble 28% since the start of 2025.  With the company's shares now trading at just 16.3 times 2028 projected earnings in response to Microsoft's slowing data center construction and America's newly implemented reciprocal tariffs, this historically cheap valuation may represent a once-in-a-generation buying opportunity for patient investors.  While investors worry about spending slowdowns in AI, Nvidia continues cementing strategic partnerships that expand its already vast technological moat.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ​​Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) stands against other best economic recovery stocks to buy. Economic cycles, as defined by economists, alternate between periods of growth, peak, recession, and recovery, depending […]
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
It might not be as much as you think.
Credit utilization is a big part of your credit score, and you should take steps to manage it well.
Nearly half of credit cardholders carry debt — and many have been in that debt for years.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
