Title: Jim Cramer on Microsoft (MSFT)_ “I Wish People Would Stop With That Story About Microsoft Pulling Ba
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 18-05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-microsoft-msft-wish-180509963.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Stocks Benefiting From Tariff Selloff & Discusses These 8 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed.
In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Thursday, Jim Cramer commented on small-cap stocks, Mexican stocks, homebuilder stocks, and sectors that the money moving out of tariff-exposed stocks might flow into. Commenting on the fact that Mexican stocks thrived while US stocks sank, Cramer linked the country’s decision to work with President Trump as being behind the strong performance. “I know well look I, they turned out to be not bad,” he said. “You paid the piper and you bring the stuff in. The piper’s not as bad as you thought. And it’s really good,” Cramer added.
Shifting to the small-cap stocks, Cramer explained why the Russel index had entered a bear market. The index lost 10.7% on Thursday and Friday, and according to Cramer, the downward movement is due to multiples shrinking. He shared:
“This is a multiple shrinking. We’re going to go to 16 times 26′ numbers. That’s how you have to figure it out. You just take look at those. And that’s where we’re gonna go.”
The CNBC host didn’t hold back when it came to either clarity or calling the tariffs ‘reciprocal.’ He reiterated that the markets were reducing valuation multiples as tariffs can impact corporate earnings. According to him:
“. . we won’t get clarity. Like everyone was thinking about that so called clearing event. That was nothing. Reciprocal as we said we threw out immediately. I just think that you’re downsized. And you ought to keep some capital so that when we get there, because we can get there. I’m not saying the end of the world, but I am saying, yeah, we’re going back to a very low multiple.”
He added: “I came on the Today Show, in 2007 and I said if you needed money anytime in the next five years, you should sell. And it was a great call.”
As for homebuilder stocks, Cramer pointed out that “rates are coming down. Mortgage rates are coming down pretty severely,” and wondered if this means that it’s time to buy. “I mean, do you buy the homebuilders,” he wondered.
Elaborating further on capital flows during the selloff, he outlined:
“I’m just saying that money’s going to gravitate from places that had been like [Michael Dell’s company] . . .and it might go to [homebuilding stocks]. Because rates are coming down. And they’re coming down really hard, really fast. We should recognize that. The rates are really braking[sic].”
“But you know you just gotta look at companies whose brand names are good,” Cramer added. “And it’ll work. It’s just that there are very few stocks that will work versus where they were a week ago. But there’s stuff that’ll work,” he outlined.
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 3rd.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 317
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is the largest software company in the world. The second half of 2024 wasn’t kind to the firm as it bled billions of dollars in market value and eventually lost the title of the world’s most valuable company to Apple. However, despite the bloodbath in April due to President Trump’s tariffs, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s stock has remained resilient compared to Apple’s. During Thursday and Friday, the shares lost 5.8% of their value while Apple bled 15.8%. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s software business isn’t dependent on imports, with investors primarily judging the shares on the firm’s ability to generate AI returns. Here’s what Cramer said about the stock:
“[On Microsoft pulling back on data centers] Yeah I mean look. Please do some work reporting. Please do some work. Microsoft is at odds with ChatGPT, which is OpenAI. And they are shipping a lot of the, of the actual data centers being made by OpenAI. It’s not, not. being done by Microsoft. And I know this because I checked it on the chips every day. . . Whatever CoreWeave has, everyone’s bidding for. CoreWeave had a big stash of them, but it’s not because of Microsoft. Everything’s being built by OpenAI and I wish people would stop with that story about Microsoft pulling back. Because it’s not right.”
Overall, MSFT ranks 2nd on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Shares of the tech-giant Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) were plummeting today as the broader market responded negatively to an escalating trade war with China.  Investors are still trying to decipher the impact of 10% tariffs on other countries -- along with 145% on China -- and if higher tariffs are still on the table after President Trump walked back some of the highest ones yesterday.  Additionally, Microsoft investors are likely processing news from yesterday that said the company may be cutting additional jobs next month, as well as its decision to scale back some data center investments.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Tuesday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, discussed the impact of tariff-induced market volatility and he also discussed […]
Andvari Associates, an investment management firm, released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter the fund returned 7.2% net of fees compared to the SPDR S&P 500 ETF’s 4.3% decline. In addition, you can check the fund’s top 5 holdings to find out its […]
(Bloomberg) -- British Columbia, Canada’s third-most populous province, directed its agencies and state corporations to ditch US suppliers, extending its retaliation in response to President Donald Trump’s tariffs and threats.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagant E
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Calls Market Decline ‘Man-Made’ and Breaks Down 15 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Monday, April 7th, Jim Cramer opened the Mad Money episode with a message of […]
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
