Title: Goldman, Wells Fargo Lead $17 Billion Bank Borrowing Spree
Date: 2025-04-15 21:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-wells-fargo-lead-17-210503053.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.  (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. sold a combined $14 billion of US investment-grade bonds Tuesday, matching the day-earlier total from peers Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space Wells Fargo is issuing $8 billion of bonds in four parts, while Goldman sold $6 billion in three parts, according to people with knowledge of the matter. The market’s third borrower Tuesday, Japanese financial firm Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc., priced $3 billion of notes. The longest portion of Wells’ offering, an 11-year security, yields 1.28 percentage point above Treasuries, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified as the details are private. Goldman’s longest portion, a six-year tranche, yields 1.25 percentage point above Treasuries, a separate person said. Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Lead $16.5 Billion Bank Borrowing Spree It’s common for the biggest US banks to sell debt shortly after releasing quarterly results. But there were some questions this go-around after the primary market froze earlier this month in the wake of an evolving global trade war. Tuesday’s deals received orders 3.3 times the amount of bonds sold, according to Bloomberg’s Brian Smith, compared with 3.8 times on Monday. “Clearly there’s appetite for sizable bank issuances,” said Peter Simon, an analyst who covers the sector at research firm CreditSights. “We don’t see much evidence that the market is overly concerned with these banks, which makes sense given their results have been solid this quarter.” Goldman reported record revenue in the first quarter, while Wells Fargo’s report pointed to soft loan demand amid the ongoing tariff uncertainty. Wells’ net interest income, the difference between what it makes from lending and pays for deposits, fell short of analysts’ projections. Still, non-interest expenses were better than forecast as Chief Executive Officer Charlie Scharf works to cut costs. In the high-grade market, banks have underperformed in recent weeks, with TD Securities credit strategist Hans Mikkelsen writing that was likely due to expectations of new debt sales. The average bank bond spread widened 24 basis points this month through Monday, more than investment-grade notes overall while yields for the latter briefly hit 11-month highs last week. That has lured yield buyers into the market, setting things up well to digest the banks’ debt sales, said Samuel Wilson, a portfolio manager at Voya Investment Management. Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup Inc. are candidates to issue debt after they released first-quarter results Tuesday. Coming into earnings season, JPMorgan strategists Kabir Caprihan and Vincent Barretta predicted the six big US banks could might issue about $32 billion of bonds. That compares with an average $23 billion this time each year from 2014 through 2024. The four deals completed so far have raised $28 billion. (Updates throughout.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.