How to Play JPMorgan Stock After Upbeat Q1 Earnings Performance
2025-04-14 13:13
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/play-jpmorgan-stock-upbeat-q1-131300969.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.On Friday,JPMorganJPM announced first-quarter 2025 results before the opening bell. The company’s quarterly top and bottom-line numbers easily outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate.Robust markets revenues (primarily equity trading), decent advisory and debt underwriting, and a 4% rise in total loans supported JPM’s performance. On the other hand, a decline in equity underwriting, a 75% jump in credit costs and higher non-interest expenses were the undermining factors. Overall, the company’s net income grew 9% to $14.64 billion. For details, read: JPM's Q1 Earnings Top on Solid Trading & Higher Loans, Provisions Soar.Despite headwinds like the impact of tariffs on the global economy, ambiguity related to the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy and lingering geopolitical matters, JPMorgan affirmed its net interest income or NII (excluding Markets) guidance of $90 billion for this year. Additionally, management took a cautious stance on the investment banking business for the near term while expecting a turnaround in the same on the reduction of the uncertainties.As such, JPMorgan shares gained 4% following the earnings release. Its industry peers,CitigroupC andBank of AmericaBAC, are slated to announce their quarterly numbers tomorrow.Stay up-to-date with all quarterly releases: See ZacksEarnings Calendar.Given the sticky inflation number and the current tariff-related uncertainty, market participants are predicting three to four interest rate cuts in the back half of the year. As such, JPMorgan’s NII is likely to face “headwind on an exit rate going into next year” as its balance sheet is highly asset-sensitive.The company’s NII witnessed a five-year (2019-2024) CAGR of 10.1%, mainly driven by the high-interest rate regime since 2022 and the acquisition of First Republic Bank in 2023. The momentum continued in the first quarter of 2025, driven by solid loan and deposit growth and higher revolving balances in Card Services.JPMorgan expects NII to be $94.5 billion for 2025, with almost $4.5 billion coming from Markets NII.JPMorgan’s capital markets business (that includes investment banking or IB and markets) witnessed a robust comeback last year, with IB fees (in the Commercial & Investment Bank segment) jumping 37% year over year. In 2023, IB fees declined 5% and plunged 59% in 2022. Likewise, as trading volume and market volatility remained high in 2024, markets revenues benefited and grew 7%.Despite tariff-related ambiguity and extreme market volatility, the performance of the company’s capital markets business was decent in the first quarter. IB fees grew 12% on the back of a rise in advisory fees and debt underwriting income. Additionally, the company ranked #1 with a wallet share of 9%. Further, markets revenues soared 21%, particularly driven by record equity trading income.While the near-term prospects are cloudy because of market turmoil and uncertainty over monetary policy, JPMorgan expects a rebound once there is less uncertainty in the markets. Jeremy Barnum, the company’s chief financial officer, during the earnings conference call, said, “In light of market conditions, we are adopting a cautious stance on the investment banking outlook. While client engagement and dialogue is quite elevated, both the conversion of the existing pipeline and origination of new activity will require a reduction in the current levels of uncertainty.”Despite these challenges, JPMorgan’s long-term outlook for the IB business remains strong.JPMorgan has been growing through on-bolt acquisitions, both domestic and global. In 2023, the company increased its stake in Brazil's C6 Bank to 46% from 40%, allied with Cleareye.ai (a financial technology firm focused on trade finance) and acquired Aumni.Also, the company acquired the failed First Republic Bank in 2023. The deal continues to benefit JPM’s financials and even helped it reach record profits. Additionally, in 2022, it acquired Renovite and a 49% stake in Greece-based Viva Wallet and Global Shares. These deals, along with several others, are expected to support the bank's plan to diversify revenues and expand the fee income product suite and consumer bank digitally.In February 2024, JPM announced plans to open more than 500 branches and renovate roughly 1,700 locations by 2027-end. Of the total branches to be opened, 150 were built last year. As of March 31, 2025, it had more than 4,970 branches across all 48 states in the United States.JPMorgan actively seeks to expand its digital retail bank – Chase – across the European Union countries after launching it in the U.K. in 2021. The company is focused on bolstering its IB and asset management businesses in China.As of March 31, 2025, JPM had a total debt worth $1.01 trillion. The company's cash and due from banks and deposits with banks were $425.9 billion on the same date. The company maintains long-term issuer ratings A-/AA-/A1 ratings from Standard and Poor’s, Fitch Ratings and Moody’s Investors Service, respectively.Hence, JPM continues to reward shareholders handsomely. In March, the company announced a 12% hike in its quarterly dividend to $1.40 per share. This followed an 8.7% increase in dividends in September 2024. In the last five years, it hiked dividends five times, with an annualized growth rate of 6.77%. Currently, the company's payout ratio is 27% of earnings.Similar to JPM, its peers – Bank of America and Citigroup – have been increasing their dividend payouts regularly. Bank of America raised its dividend four times in the last five years, while Citigroup has hiked it twice.JPMorgan also authorized a new share repurchase program of $30 billion, effective July 1, 2024. As of March 31, 2025, almost $11 billion in authorization remained available.JPMorgan’s asset quality has been deteriorating. While the company recorded negative provisions in 2021, a substantial jump in provisions was recorded in the years after that because of the worsening macroeconomic outlook. The metric surged 169% in 2022, 45.9% in 2023 and 14.9% in 2024. Similarly, net charge-offs grew 117.6% in 2023 and 39.1% in 2024. The uptrend for both continued in the first quarter of 2025.As interest rates are less likely to come down substantially in the near term, it is expected to hurt the borrowers’ credit profile. The company remains vigilant about the effects of continuous high rates and quantitative tightening on its loan portfolio. Also, the impact of tariffs on inflation is to be seen. Hence, the company’s asset quality is likely to remain subdued.So far in 2025, shares of JPMorgan have lost 1.5% compared with a 9.2% decline for the S&P 500 Index. Further,  the stock has fared better than its peers – Bank of America and Citigroup.YTD JPM Price PerformanceImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchEarnings estimates for JPMorgan for 2025 have been revised upward over the past seven days. The positive estimate revision depicts bullish sentiments for the stock.JPM’s Earnings Estimates TrendImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchNonetheless, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for JPM’s 2025 earnings implies an 8.4% fall year over year because of tariff-related headwinds and higher non-interest expenses. Management anticipates non-interest expenses to be almost $95 billion this year, up from $91.1 billion in 2024.Earnings EstimatesImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchDespite the recent sell-off in the stock, it appears slightly expensive relative to the industry. The stock is currently trading at the forward 12-month price/earnings (P/E) of 12.80X. This is above the industry’s 11.30X, reflecting a stretched valuation.Price-to-Earnings F12MImage Source: Zacks Investment ResearchAlso, JPM stock is trading at a premium compared with its peers – Bank of America and Citigroup. At present, Bank of America has the forward 12-month P/E of 9.39X, and Citigroup is trading at the forward 12-month P/E of 7.80XJPMorgan’s leading position in several businesses, strategic plan to expand its footprint globally and CEO Jamie Dimon’s leadership gives the stock an edge over its peers. Its focus on building a solid deposit franchise and bolstering its loan book positions it well for future growth.However, investors must consider the decline in JPM’s earnings this year as well as its premium valuation and be vigilant about the NII trajectory and the pace of interest rate cuts. Also, they must keep an eye on macroeconomic factors and carefully evaluate their risk tolerance before buying JPMorgan stock. Those who already own the stock can hold on to it because it is less likely to disappoint over the long term.JPM currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportBank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis ReportJPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis ReportCitigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis ReportThis article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).Zacks Investment ResearchGoldman Sachs Group Inc.'s stock traders posted their highest quarterly revenue haul on record, riding a wave of volatility triggered by an emerging global trade war that's roiled financial markets. KBW Analyst of Large Cap Banks David Konrad has more on the story.Bank of America and Citigroup are expected to notch higher revenue and profit when they post results Tuesday morning.  On Monday, Goldman Sachs reported profit that jumped 15% from a year earlier as its trading business boomed.Take a look at these three top-ranked, best-performing and well-managed mutual funds if you're looking to maximize your retirement portfolio returns.JP Morgan and Houlihan Lokey have been identified as the leading financial advisers in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) for the first quarter of 2025, according to the latest financial advisers league table published by GlobalData. This ranking evaluates financial advisers based on the value and volume of M&A transactions they have facilitated. According to GlobalData’s…(Bloomberg) -- A knee-jerk reaction to President Donald Trump’s 90-day pause on broad tariffs propelled US stocks to one of their best days on record last week. Ironically, that could be a harbinger of tough times for equity investors.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’sIBKR will announce Q1 earnings tomorrow. Should the stock be part of your portfolio before the release? Let's find out.Style Box ETF report for JPSEWe recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, […]The Zacks Style Scores offers investors a way to easily find top-rated stocks based on their investing style. Here's why you should take advantage.We recently published a list of 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May. While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment manager, expects […]Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.