Title: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE_JNJ) Increases Dividend and Reports Strong Q1 Earnings Growth
Date: 2025-04-15 17:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-nyse-jnj-increases-173039383.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Johnson & Johnsonrecently announced a 4.8% increase in its quarterly dividend and released positive Phase 3 clinical data for icotrokinra, an oral treatment for plaque psoriasis. These events occurred alongside solid earnings reports, with a significant rise in net income and earnings per share compared to the previous year. While the company's stock price increased by 6.64% over the last quarter, the broader market also trended upward, climbing 5.9% in the past year. These company developments likely complemented the overall market movements and investor sentiment, rather than diverging from broader trends.
You should learn about the 1 warning sign we've spotted with Johnson & Johnson.
Outshine the giants: these 25 early-stage AI stocks could fund your retirement.
Johnson & Johnson's recent dividend increase and positive Phase 3 clinical data for icotrokinra could significantly bolster investor confidence by enhancing perceptions of future earnings potential and revenue growth. The company's total return, including dividends, was 17.11% over the past five years, indicating steady but moderate financial performance. This is set against the backdrop of a one-year underperformance relative to the US Pharmaceuticals industry's 7% decline.
Looking forward, these announcements could positively influence earnings forecasts, especially with expected boosts from TREMFYA and RYBREVANT within the Innovative Medicine segment. This aligns with strategic acquisitions and product launches that have been projected to grow revenue and expand market footprint. Despite these gains, competition and economic pressures remain considerations, particularly in international markets like China.
Currently trading at US$150, the share price reflects a modest discount to the analyst consensus price target of US$171.11. This implies potential upside and suggests market expectations are still reconciling with Johnson & Johnson's future growth prospects. Revenue and earnings forecasts will likely incorporate these developments, while still being mindful of existing risks such as biosimilar competition and macroeconomic pressures.
Review our historical performance report to gain insights into Johnson & Johnson's track record.
This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Companies discussed in this article includeNYSE:JNJ.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, emaileditorial-team@simplywallst.com
Oil prices have tumbled this year.  Lower crude prices will impact oil company cash flows.  Three oil companies that can still thrive in the current environment are Devon Energy (NYSE: DVN), ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP), and Chevron (NYSE: CVX).
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Oil Stocks to Invest in According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cenovus Energy Inc. (NYSE:CVE) stands against other best oil stocks. After an encouraging start to the year, the energy sector is once again lagging behind the […]
J&J beats first-quarter earnings and sales estimates. It raises sales guidance for 2025 to reflect the addition of Caplyta from the Intra-Cellular acquisition.
Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does State Street Corporation (STT) have what it takes? Let's find out.
WIT vs. ACN: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option?
A Wall Street firm cut its price targets on Microsoft and 50 other software stocks on Tuesday, citing a weakening macroeconomic outlook.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today.
It is very rare for an ordinary household to owe money on gifts. The gift tax has a somewhat complicated two-tier structure. Each year you can give up to an annual amount (the "annual exclusion") without paying, or even reporting, anything on your taxes. Then, over your lifetime, you have a significantly higher amount that […] The post I Want to Give $65k to My Daughter and Her Husband. Will We Have to Pay Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.