Title: J&J sees tariff impact from exports to China more than global imports_ CFO
Date: 2025-04-15 15:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jj-sees-tariff-impact-from-exports-to-china-more-than-global-imports-cfo-155153851.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) reported a beat on first quarter earnings Tuesday, even as concerns linger about how President Trump's tariffs will impact its medical device business, as well as how a probe into pharmaceutical tariffs will impact its business.
J&J reported first quarter revenue of $21.9 billion, beating Wall Street estimates by 1.4%. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $2.69, beating Wall Street by 6.7%. Despite the beat, J&J's stock traded down less than 1% Tuesday.
The company raised its 2025 sales guidance Tuesday by $700 million, putting the new target at 3.3% to 4.3% growth, or a midpoint of $92 billion. That is despite a decline in sales after the patent expiry of Stelara, the company's blockbuster inflammatory condition treatment, this year.
On an earnings call Tuesday, executives said that China, Canada, and Mexico are where the company has the most exposure on tariffs.
CFO Joe Wolk estimated about $400 million in tariff impact, saying it would primarily hit the medical devices business.
"It would include, to some small degree, some of the steel and aluminum tariffs that impact some of our products. It includes the China tariffs, as well as the China retaliatory tariffs — and that is probably the most substantial out of all the tariffs," Wolk said.
He told Yahoo Finance that up to 70% of the tariff impact is from the products exported to China from the U.S.
The hit from tariffs is being taken on as cost of goods and will "sit on the balance sheet ... in future periods," Wolk said.
Asad Haider, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research head of the healthcare business unit, told Yahoo Finance that the company reduced its research costs and also has a lot more leverage, due to its size, to whether the current tariff confusion.
"We don't really know line items...it speaks a little bit to the leverage they have across the P&L to make these types of investments," Haider said.
The industry is also bracing for the impact of the investigation into pharmaceutical tariffs, which the Trump administration announced Monday.
However, CEO Joaquin Duato said, "It is also important that companies in healthcare partner with the administration to look to mitigate some of the vulnerabilities that exist today in our healthcare supply chain so as to avoid any continuity of supply effect."
J&J has also faced some of the same industry pressures as its peers in recent years, including the Inflation Reduction Act's Medicare price negotiations. But it is also pressured by the ongoing talc litigation andrecently faced a major setback in the courts, with a judge rejecting a potential $10 billion settlement.
J&J has since returned about $7 billion from the intended settlement amount back to the company's coffers and is pursuing a different legal avenue that should play out in the second half of the year, according to analysts.
"Although JNJ’s effort to resolve talc litigation through Red River Talc bankruptcy failed, the company will return to the tort system to challenge plaintiffs’ experts via Daubert motions. JNJ expects important Daubert hearings and rulings within 6 months (by the end of Oct 2025)," wrote Leerink Partners analyst David Risinger in a note to clients Tuesday.
Anjalee Khemlaniis the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky@AnjKhem.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest health industry news and events impacting stock prices
Pfizer ends its most advanced clinical trial of an obesity pill to compete in the hot GLP-1 space.
Big Tech stocks are too important to be sacrificed in a trade war but a negotiated peace isn't yet on the table.
(Bloomberg) -- Harvard University is tapping a white-hot lawyer with conservative bona fides to fight the Trump administration’s threat to withhold billions in funding, betting his ties to the president and experience guiding billionaires through legal thickets can win the school a reprieve.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can
Bank of America reported a first-quarter rise in profits and revenue driven by robust trading results, becoming the latest big bank to benefit from the market volatility surrounding President Trump’s tariff rollout.
New tariffs, primarily on medical technology products, are projected to add $400 million in costs this year, Chief Financial Officer Joseph Wolk said.
Global wine production and consumption fell in 2024 to their lowest in decades, as extreme weather and high prices weighed on the sector, the International Organisation of Vine and Wine, known as the OIV, said on Tuesday.  Adding to the challenges, wine producers around the world are under threat from tariffs for sales into the United States, the world's largest importer of wine by value.  Wine consumption fell 3.3% globally to an estimated 214 million hectolitres, the lowest since 1961, as inflation and reduced consumer spending power eroded demand.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.