Title: 3M Looks Into the Future: Long-Term Gain, but Potential Short-Term Pain
Date: 2025-03-19 10:30
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/03/19/3m-looks-into-the-future-long-term-gain-but-potent/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=3107b89a-8190-40a6-9296-3c087f0fa84d&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
3M's(MMM-2.11%)CEO Bill Brown recently gave a presentation at the JPMorgan Industrial Conference, and his remarks contained some mixed news for investors. However, on balance, they were positive for long-term investors. Here's what happened and what it means to investors.
Going back to the company's fourth-quarter earnings presentation in late January, management had told investors to expect the following in the first quarter:
However, at the recent JPMorgan conference, Brown told investors that organic revenue growth would be in the range of 1% to 1.5%,  but there would be better-than-anticipated margin performance.
"Our earnings per share should be slightly better than what you previously expected," he said. When pressed on how earnings would beat prior guidance when sales are lighter, Brown credited it to "tight control of spending."
It's not great news for the near term. While the bottom line (earnings) will beat expectations, there's only so much reining in of spending that can be done to squeeze margin performance out of a business with weak sales. On the other hand, 3M's ability to react to events is a sign of the new operational discipline that Brown is looking to establish at 3M.
The question is whether the deteriorating sales outlook is part of a developing trend or a temporary weakness.
It's a somewhat complicated situation, because management said that orders would increase by more than 2% in the quarter. However, CFO Anurag Maheshwari noted that "revenue is getting elongated from the orders," meaning that sales would be light in Q1 and will move into the second quarter. Going into the details of where the weakness was, Brown highlighted manufacturing abrasives, auto aftermarket, and auto original equipment manufacturer (where 3M is overexposed to the U.S. and Europe), and notable weakness in the consumer segment, notably the "office channel" (Post-It notes, Scotch tape, etc.)
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is818%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Image source: Getty Images.
Since market interest rates peaked in mid-January, it's hard to argue that this was some kneejerk reaction in early March. In fact, interest rates and, in turn, mortgage rates have come down since then, although they remain uncomfortably high.
As such, it is likely a reaction to the tariff actions planned and implemented by the current administration. They are creating uncertainty, feeding into consumers' and distributors' cautionary behavior. Notably, the particular weakness is in areas (3M's consumer and auto-related areas) that have disappointed for some time and, therefore, are where confidence is probably relatively low.
There's little 3M can do about its end markets. In any case, the company is only expecting 2% to 3% organic revenue growth over the full year.  That said, the key to the investment case isn't really about its top line just yet. It revolves around 3M being a self-help story due toBrown's transformational initiatives. It's what makes 3Ma top value stock for 2025.
Image source: Getty Images.
Brown is aiming to improve 3M's long-term growth through driving new product introductions (NPIs) while generating operational improvements. These include improving its rate of on-time, in-full deliveries to customers and its operating equipment efficiency, or OEE (percentage of time a manufacturing asset is productive), which is currently running at a low 50% rate.
These improvements should produce tangible benefits, such as reducing inventory needs to improve cash flow andsignificantly improvingprofit margins over time.
There was good news for investors here. Brown aims to grow NPIs from 169 in 2024 to 215 in 2025 (up 27%). He noted that 3M was "off to a good start" in Q1, with NPIs up "40% to 50%." The aim for OEE is to reach a high 50% rate by 2025. Serendipitously, the company's low asset utilization rate means it has some flexibility to shift production to the U.S. if the tariffs prove ongoing and increase 3M's cost of imported goods. 3M has 45 of its 110 global factories in the U.S.
Image source: Getty Images.
The 50% run-up in the stock means it's not quite the bargain it was last year. The news of sales softening is a concern, and there's still litigation risk around its previous use of PFAS chemicals.
However, the company appears to be making operational progress, notably with NPIs. The pullback in 3M spending in Q1 shows management's improvement in controlling its operations. These are positives for the long term, and 3M is an excellent stock to buy if it dips significantly as part of a broader market sell-off.
Before you buy stock in3M, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and3Mwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Lee Samahahas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends 3M. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.