Pfizer Inc. (PFE)_ “Dead Money… Close the Casket,” Says Jim Cramer
2025-04-14 16-53
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-inc-pfe-dead-money-165323179.html?.tsrc=rss
We recently published a list of10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar.
On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new tariffs comes to an end. While discussing the latest Consumer Price Index report, Cramer acknowledged that the numbers looked favorable, with inflation appearing relatively tame and even some categories experiencing actual price declines. He pointed to energy prices, saying, “The best, anything it touched energy, which is plummeting.”
READ ALSO:Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocksand10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently.
“This is essentially an embargo. President Trump’s ecstatic that the tariffs are already taking in $2 billion a day. He’s thrilled that supposedly 75 countries are begging for something more reasonable than the 90-day pause when the 90-day pause comes to an end.”
According to Cramer, President Trump is “ecstatic” that these tariffs are already generating $2 billion a day in revenue and is thrilled about 75 countries “supposedly” asking for something more workable once the 90-day grace period concludes. Despite the seemingly positive revenue flow, Cramer expressed concern over the broader consequences. He pointed out that many Americans have yet to grasp the full impact of trade policies that have allowed foreign businesses to flood U.S. markets with inexpensive products, often pricing out domestic companies.
While many consumers embraced the lower costs, Cramer reminded his audience that it came at the expense of American jobs. “Now we’re going to have to pay a price. He stressed that consumers should be prepared to pay significantly more for a wide range of goods. He said that the additional cost largely will likely benefit foreign companies, which will hike prices in response to the tariffs imposed on them. He clarified his position by stating he is not a staunch advocate of free trade for its own sake. “No other country plays by the rules on trade, so we shouldn’t either,” he said but cautioned:
“We just have to be more thoughtful about this or we’ll end up doing more harm than good. Again, as someone who wants fair trade, not free trade, I am rooting for the president to pull this off, but not at the expense of great American companies that have done nothing wrong and are the best in the world.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 10 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 10. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.