NVO, LLY, GPCR & VKTX Stocks Gain Following PFE's Obesity Study Setback
2025-04-15 14-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvo-lly-gpcr-vktx-stocks-140000975.html?.tsrc=rss
Obesity stocks likeNovo NordiskNVO,Eli LillyLLY,Structure TherapeuticsGPCR andViking TherapeuticsVKTX gained 2.1%, 3%, 10.6% and 19.2%, respectively, on Monday after pharma bigwigPfizerPFE announced that it is discontinuing the development of its GLP-1R weight loss pill, danuglipron.
Pfizer has decided to discontinue the development of its oral obesity drug danuglipron, despite promising results from dose-optimization studies that met key pharmacokinetic goals and showed potential for competitive efficacy and tolerability. Although liver enzyme elevations in the enrolled patients were generally consistent with other approved drugs in the same class, one patient experienced a potential case of drug-induced liver injury, which resolved after stopping treatment with danuglipron.
After reviewing all clinical data and considering regulatory feedback, Pfizer concluded that halting the program was the best course of action. This decision reverted Pfizer’s developmental program for an obesity candidate back to the early clinical stages and has significantly delayed its hopes for marketing an obesity drug that would compete with Lilly’s Zepbound and Novo Nordisk’s Wegovy for market share.
However, PFE shares have not slid despite the setback, which likely reflects positive investor expectations regarding Pfizer’s ability to bounce back from its current predicament. Pfizer plans to continue the development of its oral GIPR antagonist candidate, PF-07976016, which is currently in mid-stage development and other early-stage obesity programs. Pfizer could also in-license rights to a late-stage obesity candidate from other biotechs for developing and commercialization.
Interestingly, Jefferies reduced Pfizer’s price target from $34 to $32 following the setback, but maintained its BUY rating for the stock.
Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly currently dominate the obesity market on the back of the tremendous success of their GLP-1 injections. Lilly markets its dual GIP and GLP-1 receptor agonist, tirzepatide, as Zepbound for obesity, while Novo Nordisk markets its semaglutide drug as Wegovy injection for weight management.
Year to date, shares of PFE, LLY and NVO have lost 16.6%, 2.3% and 23.2%, respectively, compared with the industry’s 4.9% decline.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Pfizer’s setback eliminates an imminent contender for LLY and NVO’s market share in the obesity space. Both firms have been raking in substantial revenues from the sale of their respective obesity injections. In 2024, Zepbound sales amounted to $4.9 billion, while Wegovy sales recorded $8.4 billion during the same time frame, both representing a substantial increase over their previous year's figures.