Title: Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang got his first raise in a decade
Date: 2025-05-02 13:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-ceo-jensen-huang-got-134300168.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The chief executive of the world’s biggest chipmaker is getting his first raise in a decade.
Nvidia (NVDA) CEO Jensen Huang’s total pay rose to $49.9 million in 2025, according to an SEC filing first spotted by CNBC. His base salary increased 49% to $1.5 million, his variable cash rose by 50% to $1 million, and his stock awards grew to $38.8 million.
It’s Huang’s first base salary increase in 10 years, according to the filing, which also noted that Nvidia’s compensation committee “believed this was appropriate in consideration of internal pay equity with the base salaries” of other top executives.
Huang, who co-founded Nvidia in 1993, owns an approximately 3.5% stake in the company for a value of about $94 billion. That helps explain why his 2025 pay also includes $3.5 million in residential security and consultation fees as well as driver services. Those fees totaled $2.2 million in 2024, according to the filing.
Nvidia’s market capitalization has ballooned in recent years as the Santa Clara, California-based firm leads the charge in AI chipmaking. The company’s full-year revenue reached $130.5 billion in the 2025 fiscal year, a 114% jump year-over-year. Its stock price multiplied ninefold between the end of 2022 and the end of 2024.
Still, the company has faced headwinds in recent months. Under both President Joe Biden and President Donald Trump, the U.S. has tightenedrestrictions that limit chip exports to China, thereby limiting Nvidia’s potential market. Nvidia designed its H20 chip, in particular, to comply with U.S. export rules — but those rules became even stricter and barred Nvidia from selling them in China.
Huawei, one of China’s biggest tech companies, is getting ready to test powerful, new AI chips that could rival Nvidia’s, according to a report last month. The firm will receive its first shipment of Ascend 910E chips, its most powerful AI semiconductor to date, from manufacturers as soon as the end of May. Huawei has made persistent technological advances in recent years despite U.S. sanctions against it and could threaten Nvidia’s AI chipmaking dominance.
Shares of Nvidia were up 2.3% Friday morning but are down 17.4% since the start of the year.
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Fresh AI investment commitments from Meta Platforms and Microsoft signal that NVIDIA's chips will remain in high demand as hyperscalers scale their AI platforms.
Meta on Wednesday said it plans to boost its spending on AI. That didn't cool enthusiasm for the social media giant's stock.
Nvidia  shares were up 2.7% at $114.57 in early trading.  Amazon gave a reassuring look at trends of spending on artificial-intelligence infrastructure as its first-quarter capital expenditure came to $24.3 billion, up from $13.9 billion in the same period the previous year, in its earnings report on Thursday.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Earn 5% cash back on valuable Discover cash-back rotating categories like grocery stores, Target, gas stations, and Amazon.com.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio