Title: The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights NVIDIA, Visa, HIVE Blockchain and Accenture
Date: 2025-05-02 13:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-analyst-blog-highlights-nvidia-133900513.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Chicago, IL – May 2, 2025 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include: NVIDIA Corp. NVDA, Visa Inc. V, HIVE Blockchain Technologies Ltd. HIVE and Accenture plc ACN.
The cryptocurrency market suffered in the first quarter of 2025 and struggled to rebound in April. The crypto market has been taking a hit as part of the broader market slump. However, the final days of April saw cryptocurrencies staging a rebound, with Bitcoin (BTC) back in the race to surpass $100,000.
Bitcoin price is still more than 10% lower than its all-time high attained in December 2024. However, experts believe that the cryptocurrency is on track to surpass $140,000 once global trade tensions ease and the Federal Reserve resumes its rate cuts.
Given this situation, it would be ideal to buy the dip. We have selected four stocks, namely NVIDIA Corp., Visa Inc., HIVE Blockchain Technologies Ltd. and Accenture plc. Each of these stocks has strong growth potential for 2025 and has seen positive earnings estimate revisions in the last 90 days.
Bitcoin’s rebound came as the broader market rebounded last week after President Donald Trump said that he is ready for trade negotiations with China, while the White House is already having trade talks with several nations. Trump’s comments gave the broader market a major boost. Cryptocurrencies also rallied. The momentum continued into this week, with Bitcoin surpassing $95,000 on Wednesday.
Trump’s tariff announcement triggered a major stock market selloff over the next few sessions, causing Bitcoin’s value to drop below $74,000. However, markets have rebounded since he announced a 90-day halt on tariffs earlier in April.
Market participants are also hopeful that the Federal Reserve could resume its rate cuts after inflation dipped in March for the first time since May 2020. Also, Trump has been pushing for rate cuts to bolster the economy.
The Commerce Department reported on Wednesday that the U.S. GDP shrank 0.3% in the first quarter, raising concerns among investors. However, investors still held their nerves as many believe that one of the major factors behind this is that consumers spent less and saved more after Trump announced reciprocal tariffs. However, the fears have eased substantially over the past few weeks, and the economy may have recovered in April.
NVIDIA Corporation is a major player in the semiconductor industry and has been one of the standout success stories of 2023. As a leading designer of graphic processing units (GPUs), the value of the NVDA stock tends to surge in a thriving crypto market. This is primarily due to the crucial role that GPUs play in data centers, artificial intelligence and the mining or production of cryptocurrencies.
NVIDIA’s expected earnings growth rate for the current year is 41.8%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has improved 0.7% over the last 60 days. Currently, NVIDIA has a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Visa Inc. is taking a significant step toward modernizing cross-border money movement. In a move aimed at enhancing the efficiency of global transactions, V is expanding its stablecoin settlement capabilities to the high-performing Solana blockchain. This expansion of V includes collaboration with prominent merchant acquirers Worldpay and Nuvei, marking a pivotal development in the world of digital payments.
Visa Inc.’s expected earnings growth rate for the current year is 12.4%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has improved 1.1% over the last 90 days. V currently has a Zacks Rank #3.
HIVE Blockchain Technologies Ltd. operates as a cryptocurrency mining firm. The company validates transactions on blockchain networks, as well as provides crypto mining and builds bridges between crypto and traditional capital markets.
HIVE Blockchain’s expected earnings growth rate for the current year is 72.3%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has improved 34.8% over the last 90 days. HIVE presently carries a Zacks Rank #3.
Accenture plc is a worldwide system integrator that offers consulting, technology and various services. The company promotes Ethereum-based blockchain solutions to businesses, aiming to simplify payment processing.
Accenture’s expected earnings growth rate for the current year is 6.3%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings has improved 0.1% over the last 90 days. ACN currently carries a Zacks Rank #3.
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Accenture PLC (ACN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Visa Inc. (V) : Free Stock Analysis Report
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
HIVE Digital Technologies Ltd. (HIVE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
We recently published a list of the 15 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for the Next 3 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other growth stocks to buy for the next 3 years. On April 29, Dan Ives of Wedbush Securities joined ‘Power […]
Although the revenue and EPS for Meta Platforms (META) give a sense of how its business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it might be worth considering how some key metrics compare with Wall Street estimates and the year-ago numbers.
Also: McDonald’s says consumers are cutting back, Kohl fired its CEO after only 3 months.
Synopsys (SNPS) concluded the recent trading session at $459.36, signifying a +0.08% move from its prior day's close.
For the six months ended 31 March 2025, Visa’s net income was $9.7bn, up from $9.55bn in the same period of the previous year.
Boston Scientific, Meta Platforms and Microsoft have been highlighted in this Investment Ideas article.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio