Title: Why Super Micro Computer Stock Is Plummeting This Week
Date: 2025-05-02 13:54
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/02/why-super-micro-computer-stock-is-plummeting-week/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Super Micro Computer (SMCI 2.87%) stock has seen big sell-offs this week. The company's share price was down 10.3% from last week's market close heading into the start of trading this Friday. Across the same period, the S&P 500 was up 1.4%.
After the market closed on Tuesday, Supermicro published preliminary results for the third quarter of its 2025 fiscal year -- which ended March 31. The company issued substantial downward performance revisions, and investors sold out of the stock in response.
Supermicro is scheduled to report its fiscal Q3 results after the market closes on May 6, but the company updated investors on what to expect earlier this week. It now expects revenue to come in between $4.5 billion and $4.6 billion. Previously, the company had guided for sales to be between $5 billion and $6 billion in the period. Management also now expects non-GAAP (adjusted) earnings per share for the period to be between $0.29 and $0.31 -- down from its previous guidance for earnings per share between $0.46 and $0.62. 
Supermicro's Q3 guidance update this week raised questions about whether demand for artificial intelligence (AI) servers is weakening. On the other hand, the company attributed its big downward guidance revisions to customer orders being pushed further out. Shipment delays for the Nvidia Blackwell processors that are at the heart of Supermicro's newest servers may have played a major role in the disappointing Q3 guidance.
Strong quarterly reports and capital expenditures updates from Microsoft and Meta Platforms earlier this week suggest that AI infrastructure spending remains high, and it's possible that Supermicro will wind up seeing very strong sales in the current quarter following delayed orders in Q3. Investors should get a closer look at the outlook when the company publishes its fiscal Q3 results next week.
Before you buy stock in Super Micro Computer, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Super Micro Computer wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $611,271!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $684,068!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 889% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
Randi Zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for Facebook and sister to Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Keith Noonan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/02/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.