Title: Magnificent Seven Stocks: Meta, Nvidia, Tesla Rally; Apple Dives On Earnings
Date: 2025-05-02 16:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4205eaa9-f620-3a0b-a81a-0e82c7c9fd0b/magnificent-seven-stocks%3A.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first four months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far.
In the biggest surprise of tech earnings, Meta Platforms boosted its already hefty 2025 capex forecast to a range of $64 billion to $72 billion.
Eli Lilly’s  first quarter was a bit better than Wall Street had anticipated, but it wasn’t enough for traders on Thursday morning, and the stock fell as  Novo Nordisk  ramped up efforts to claw back weight-loss market share.  Lilly’s weight-loss drug is the best available, and the company says it now has 53.3% of the U.S. market for incretin analogues, the class of drugs that includes its medicines Zepbound and Mounjaro.  Shares have been climbing, and the stock is up 18.9% over the past 12 months while shares of rival Novo are down 46.4% over the same period.
The Trump administration is weighing a potential easing of restrictions on Nvidia (NVDA) sales to the United Arab Emirates, Mackenzie Hawkins, Ben Bartenstein and Ryan Gould of Bloomberg report, citing people familiar with the matter. President Trump could announce the start of work on a bilateral chip deal during his upcoming trip to the Gulf, sources told Bloomberg. The debate over semiconductor trade rules remains ongoing, but talks over modifying AI chip curbs for the UAE have been gaining s
The stock market is rallying as AI spending and Trump tariff news turn positive. Warren Buffett's Berkshire, Palantir on tap.
Investors are betting big on stocks that can develop fully unsupervised self-driving technology.  Ultimately, the companies that can bring this tech to commercialization first will be big winners.  Investors have certainly taken an interest in companies working on unsupervised full self-driving (FSD) capabilities, since they could be on the precipice of a massive new industry.
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Converting funds in a traditional 401(k) into a Roth IRA can provide you with tax-free retirement income, and there are no rule prohibiting conversion at any age. However, converting when you are close to or at retirement age involves some additional considerations. For one thing, you may have to let converted funds age for five […] The post I’m 67 With $1.2 Million in a 401(k). Is It Too Late for a Roth Conversion? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
As the US pushes to reduce its reliance on Chinese-made vehicles, the EV market finds itself at the centre of a deepening trade policy divide. With rising tariffs and a renewed focus on internal combustion engine vehicles, the American EV sector faces mounting headwinds and intensifying global competition. Two presidents, two visions for EVs The…
FEATURE   Tesla stock rose Thursday as investors wondered what the company—and shares—would be like without CEO Elon Musk at the helm. It wouldn’t be good.  Shares of the electric vehicle maker jumped 2.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio