Title: Is NVIDIA (NVDA) the Best NASDAQ Stock to Buy According to Billionaires?
Date: 2025-05-02 19:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-nvda-best-nasdaq-stock-191538753.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires.
The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized rate of 0.3% during the first quarter of 2025. This was a rapid reversal from the 2.4% growth in the last quarter of 2024. The further segregation of the data shows that tariff uncertainty was one of the key contributing factors toward the slowdown, as net exports dropped 4.8%. According to a recent report by CNBC, traders highlighted that the imports were skewed up 41% last quarter as a preparatory move by companies to get ahead of the tariff situation. In this backdrop, the NASDAQ slipped another 0.09% on May 1, to end at 17,446.34.
On April 30, Fundstrat’s Tom Lee joined CNBC to talk about the outlook of the stock market amidst the tariff situation. He noted that the stock market is currently trying to figure out the trajectory of the economy as it is clear that the economic data for the next 3 quarters will be polluted by the tariffs and other distortions that follow. Lee highlighted that there are two questions that the market is trying to figure out. The first question is whether this is a dip and noise for 2025 only and the market exists in better shape as 2026 approaches. If this is the case then Lee believes that Equities have already made their lows with the S&P 500 at 4,835 on April 7. This will be the better-case scenario of all the possible outcomes. However, if the market feels that the uncertainty is dragging into a few more quarters in 2025 then that could be harmful for the stock market.
CNBC’s Steve Liesman added to Tom Lee’s comments by mentioning that the current stock market is the President’s market. He highlighted that when President Trump took charge the stock market rallied, however, the later policies hampered the sentiment and took the stock market down with it. Liseman further elaborated that before all these policy uncertainties the forecasts for GDP in 2025 were at 2% growth each quarter. However, now the first quarter ended up at -0.3% with an expectation of 1.6% growth next quarter. Liseman concluded that the market might see the economy bouncing back in the next quarter allowing investors to make sense of the outlook.
Amidst this uncertainty, Lee has emphasized the importance of staying invested in times of volatility to reap the benefits. We have covered more analysis from Tom Lee in 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires.
To curate the list of the 10 best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires, we used the Finviz stock screener and Insider Monkey’s billionaire database. Using the screener we aggregated a list of stocks trading on NASDAQ. After sorting the list by market cap, we checked the number of billionaires holding each stock and ranked the stocks in ascending order of the number of billionaire investors. We have also added the total value of billionaire holdings and the hedge fund sentiment around each stock.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A close-up of a colorful high-end graphics card being plugged in to a gaming computer.
Number of Billionaire Investors: 29
Value of Billionaire Holdings: $33,248,032,387
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is an international technology company leading the AI revolution. It specializes in accelerated computer infrastructure. The company’s core business revolves around developing graphic processing units along with advanced computing infrastructure and software.
While the company is already making strides in the AI industry, it has also started to expand in other high-growth emerging technology industries such as quantum computing. On March 19, NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) announced that it is building an accelerated quantum research center in Boston to advance quantum computing by integrating quantum hardware with AI supercomputers. The company will work with other quantum computing companies to develop new applications.
Financially speaking, NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has been beating expectations. During the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024, the company grew its quarterly revenue by 78% year-over-year to reach a record revenue of $39.3 billion. This was driven by another record quarter for its Data Center segment which grew 93% over the past year. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is one of the best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires.
Ithaka US Growth Strategy stated the following regarding NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:
“NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is the undisputed leader in accelerated computing, with dominant market share in Graphics Processing Units (GPUs) powering AI workloads across data centers, edge devices, and emerging platforms. Its end-to-end ecosystem—from silicon to software (CUDA, networking, and AI frameworks)—creates high switching costs and a widening competitive moat. With secular demand for AI infrastructure still in its early innings, Nvidia stands to benefit from sustained topline growth and strong operating leverage. In early January, a little known Chinese AI company, DeepSeek, released its large language model (LLM), DeepSeek-R1, to an unexpecting world. This model was purportedly trained on very few high-end Nvidia chips and was highly efficient when compared to other leading models. This release set off a chain reaction where investors have had to grapple with the idea that the world may not need as many GPUs as previously thought, which hampered the Nvidia buy case and sent the P/E multiple down to its cheapest level in the past 5 years.”
Overall, NVDA ranks 5th on our list of best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA to grow, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized rate […]
Both Nvidia and Intel should benefit immensely.  When it comes to investing in artificial intelligence (AI), buying shares of graphics processing unit (GPU) manufacturers like Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) and Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) can be a wise decision.  Nearly every AI application requires these specialized chips to function, and buying stock in a GPU maker gives your portfolio direct exposure to the entire AI industry.
Super Micro Computer stock declined sharply after it cut Q3 sales and earnings guidance.  This company was once a high-flying hero of the early artificial intelligence (AI) boom, but shares of Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ: SMCI) have become the antagonist in investor portfolios.  Super Micro Computer continues to generate profitable growth, which keeps the potential open for shares to rebound.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized rate […]
Shell shares climbed Friday after the energy giant posted stronger-than-expected quarterly results and announced a $3.5 billion share buyback program.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio