Title: Dubai's Mashreq to work with Goldman Sachs to cater for rich clients
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 09-54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dubais-mashreq-goldman-sachs-cater-095448237.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
DUBAI (Reuters) -Dubai-based Mashreq has entered a partnership with Goldman Sachs Asset Management to offer discretionary investment services and tap growing demand for professionally managed portfolios in the Gulf.
As the number of high-net-worth individuals, keen for sophisticated investment strategies, increases in the region, a joint statement said services resulting from the collaboration would be available from this month.
Discretionary investment services typically allow portfolio managers to make buy and sell decisions on behalf of clients, based on pre-agreed investment goals and risk appetite, without needing client approval for each transaction.
The investment strategy is gaining traction globally as affluent clients seek hands-off, professionally managed portfolios that can adapt swiftly to market shifts while aligning with their long-term financial goals.
"Our strategic collaboration with Goldman Sachs represents a pivotal milestone in institutionalising our investment platform," Vipul Kapur, head of private banking at Mashreq, said in the statement. "This significantly enhances our capability to cater to the evolving and sophisticated needs of our clients."
Fadi Abuali, co-CEO of Goldman Sachs Asset Management International and co-CEO for MENA, said Mashreq’s strong ties with its customers make it a valuable partner.
The statement did not give precise detail on the partnership.
Goldman Sachs Asset Management, the investment arm of the U.S. investment bank, oversaw roughly $3.1 trillion in assets as of December 31, and invests across fixed income, liquidity, equity, alternatives, and multi-asset solutions.
(Reporting by Manya Saini and Hadeel Al Sayegh in Dubai; editing by Barbara Lewis)
Tesco is preparing to ramp up a supermarket price war as it seeks to fend off the threat of mounting competition from rival Asda.
Looking for the highest savings account rates? Learn more about savings interest rates today and which banks have the best offers.
Barry Callebaut is planning to increase its U.S.-based production to fend off effects of the "disruptive environment" in North America and stay close to its customers, the Swiss chocolate maker's chief executive said on Thursday.  "We have one ... facility that we will scale out to about 100,000 tons in the United States that will allow us to actually serve customers better also in the U.S.," CEO Peter Feld said during a post-earnings call with analysts.  Companies with operations in the United States are grappling with on-again, off-again tariff announcements from President Donald Trump, who in a stunning reversal on Wednesday paused most of his hefty duties but left a 10% blanket tariff on almost all U.S. imports.
Australia's top central banker said on Thursday that it was still too early to decide on the path for interest rates, adding it needed to be patient as it assesses the economic impact of U.S. trade policies that have upended financial markets.  In a speech in Melbourne, Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA)Governor Michele Bullock warned of a period of market and economic volatility ahead but said Australia's financial system was well placed to absorb shocks from abroad.  U.S. President Donald Trump enacted a baseline 10% tariff on all imports on Saturday, but held off on his plans to slap much higher levies on its major trading partners after a massive meltdown in stocks and bonds.
The cost of insuring against sovereign and corporate defaults on European and Asian debt fell on Thursday as investors breathed a sigh of relief at a pause on some of the heaviest U.S. tariffs.  U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday stunned markets with an abrupt decision to introduce a 90-day pause on the import tariffs on dozens of countries that were due to come into effect, with the exception of China.
Looking for the best money market account interest rates available today? Here’s where to find the highest rates. Is a good time to open a money market account?
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
