Title: Goldman’s Flood sees buy the dip returning with S&P 500 at 5,000
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 08-41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-flood-sees-buy-dip-084155533.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) — The S&P 500 stock index (^GSPC) has dropped to a level where long-term investors are starting to buy the dip, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partner John Flood.
The US stock index is flirting with bear market levels after plunging nearly 19% since its February peak. The benchmark closed below the 5,000 level for the first time in nearly a year on Tuesday after the US administration implemented reciprocal tariffs on trading partners, boosting recession risk.
“From my conversations with longer-duration investors, it feels like they will start scale buying the S&P 500 at 5,000 and get more aggressive in the mid-4,000s,” Flood wrote in a note to clients on Tuesday.
Flood said that looking back at the 12 recessions since World War two ended 80 years ago, the S&P 500’s median price decline from the high mark is 24%. Given the US index topped out at 6,144 on Feb. 19 of this year, “this gets you to S&P 500 around 4,600,” he added.
Market losses are also piling pressure on President Donald Trump to moderate his stance regarding trade barriers, according to Ed Yardeni, the founder of Yardeni Research.
“The Stock and Bond Vigilantes are signaling that the Trump administration may be playing with liquid nitro,” Yardeni wrote in a note to clients. “Something may be about to blow up in the capital markets as a result of the stress created by the administration’s trade war. If so, then the S&P 500 will fall into a bear market for sure.”
Yardeni said a silver lining might come from investor belief that the US Federal Reserve will step in to buoy markets if prices fall sharply. “The ‘Fed Put’ will probably make a quick comeback,” yet markets might not recover unless the US administration moves to quickly negotiate trade deals, he said.
Goldman’s Flood reiterated that in the short-term liquidity in US futures order book is the poorest it’s ever been compared with volume, which will heighten volatility. He warned against price spikes like the intraday surge seen on Tuesday until Trump steps off the gas pedal in his trade war.
“We will get sharp and temporary squeezes in this tape that should be used as selling opportunities until the market believes policy change from this administration is likely,” he said.

By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Artificial intelligence stocks are sinking amid uncertainty around tariff policies.
ClearBridge Investments, an investment management company, released its “ClearBridge Value Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter, the strategy underperformed its Russell 1000 Value benchmark, driven by detractors in the energy and financials, which overcame contributions from overweight to energy and underweight to […]
Japan will cooperate with the Group of Seven advanced economies and the International Monetary Fund to help stablise a market rout unleashed by U.S. tariffs, the country's top currency diplomat said on Wednesday.  "Cooperation needs to be international to prevent market instability," Atsushi Mimura told reporters after a trilateral meeting of executives from Japan's Ministry of Finance, the Financial Services Agency and the Bank of Japan (BOJ).
Electric vehicle sales in the kingdom totalled just 2,000 last year, according to Telemetry analyst Sam Abuelsamid, fewer than Tesla sold between breakfast and dinner on an average day.  But Saudi Arabia has huge plans for EVs that Tesla has not been able to tap, partly because of a feud between its billionaire CEO Elon Musk and the kingdom's powerful Public Investment Fund sovereign wealth fund that dates back to 2018.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
