Title: China Escalates Trade War as Trump Isolates Xi in Tariff U-Turn
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 11-24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-escalates-trade-war-trump-112404845.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- China has hit back at the US after Donald Trump’s dramatic reversal on tariff threats isolated Beijing as the primary target of his trade offensive, dimming the prospect of immediate de-escalation.
The Chinese government on Thursday said it will reduce the number of US films allowed to enter the country, hours after Trump imposed record duties on China’s imports and paused those on dozens other countries. The decision opens a new front in a confrontation that until now centered on the trade in goods and relied largely on tariffs and export controls as a means of retaliation.
The countermeasure came a day after Trump said he was expecting Beijing to call, suggesting that Chinese President Xi Jinping is intent on resisting US pressure despite growing headwinds for his economy.
“The Chinese don’t want to talk to the US when it looks like they’re outgunned,” Derek Scissors, senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute who previously worked at the Pentagon, said before the China Film Administration announced the film curb. “Either they come to Trump with some sort of quiet trade, taking the chance he’ll reject it and brag about it, or nothing happens.”
Wall Street is set to open lower, with S&P 500 futures indicating a 1.5% retreat. The index surged almost 10% on Wednesday after Trump announced the tariff pause.
The selective reprieve announced hours earlier drove US stocks to their best rally since 2008 but at one point pushed the onshore yuan to its weakest level since 2007.
By singling out China, Washington indicated it’s looking to exert maximum pressure on the world’s second-largest economy while seeking other countries’ cooperation in its rivalry with Beijing. The tactic puts the US president on a collision course with Xi, who has hit back at the levies and looks to shore up ties with trade partners to resist Trump.
With the exception of China, countries that were hit with the higher, reciprocal duties that went into effect Wednesday will now be taxed at the earlier 10% baseline rate applied to other nations.
US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said he envisions reaching trade agreements with US allies that would then lay the ground for a collective approach toward Beijing. He said he would be speaking to officials from Vietnam, Japan, India and South Korea in the coming days.
“We can probably reach a deal with our allies” at the end of the day, he said Wednesday. “They’ve been good military allies, not perfect economic allies. And then we can approach China as a group.”
Trade tensions have spilled beyond economics. The Trump administration on Wednesday criticized Beijing for its influence on global infrastructure such as the Panama Canal. China has warned citizens of traveling or studying in the US, even though Xi had called for more people-to-people exchanges to improve relations.
“Trust has gone,” said Da Wei, director of the Center for International Security and Strategy at Tsinghua University in Beijing. “On the balance between economic development and economic security, you will always emphasize security. This is a long-term change.”
Power Rivalry
China has refused to cave to Trump’s pressure even as soaring duties are expected to weigh on the economy, with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. economists cutting their 2025 growth forecast to 4% from 4.5%.
In response to Trump’s earlier 50% tariff threat, Beijing raised levies on all US goods by the same rate to 84% — an announcement that seemed deliberately timed to land just before US markets opened. China also added primarily American defense companies to its unreliable entity list and export control list, a largely symbolic move as most targeted companies have minimal China exposure.
On the military front, tensions persist even though defense officials from both countries have made formal contact since Trump returned to the White House. On his first official trip to Asia, Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth said the US needed to “re-establish” deterrence against China by bolstering its military power in the region — and by supporting similar efforts of its allies.
This week, he also criticized China’s military for having “too large of a presence in the Western Hemisphere,” calling on the region’s governments to work together to deter China.
As ties with the US spiral, China has courted Europe and Southeast Asia, attempting to find common cause over Trump’s tariff threats.
China’s Commerce Minister Wang Wentao called on the European Union to deepen trade ties to “inject more stability and certainty” into the world at a meeting with EU Trade Commissioner Maros Sefcovic on Tuesday.
The next day, Xi chaired an upgraded Central Work Conference on Diplomacy with Neighboring Countries, highlighting China’s increased focus on regional relationships. Xi is expected to visit Vietnam, Malaysia, and Cambodia — countries that received Trump’s the 90-day reprieve — later this month on his first overseas trip this year.
Stimulus Outlook
Domestically, Beijing has signaled increased urgency to bolster the economy that relied on exports for a third of growth last year. China’s top leaders are poised to meet Thursday to discuss additional economic stimulus after Trump ratcheted up tariffs, according to people familiar with the matter.
China has also urged fast-fashion giant Shein and other companies to refrain from diversifying supply chains by sourcing from other countries, as Beijing seeks to stave off a manufacturing exodus.
At a meeting with experts and entrepreneurs Wednesday, Premier Li Qiang reiterated the need to expand domestic demand. Fujian province, a coastal region that relies on trade, is planning to help exporters sell their goods to Chinese customers to absorb some tariff impacts, a move that could be followed by other trade hubs in China.
In a further warning sign for the economy, China’s consumer deflation extended for a second month in March and factory deflation persisted for a 30th month. Prices could come under pressure to weaken further should exporters redirect some goods to the domestic market or if other countries facing higher US tariffs divert their products to China.
Peak Tariffs
For now, the frenzy of tariff threats from the US seems to have peaked. Trump said he didn’t think he’d have to raise the rate higher to force talks. Economists have also suggested that the effect of tariff hikes is getting increasingly marginal.
An initial 50% tariff would decrease China’s gross domestic product by 1.5 percentage points, Goldman Sachs economists including Andrew Tilton wrote in a note Tuesday. A second 50% tariff, however, would have a diminished impact, reducing GDP by only another 0.9 percentage points.
“China’s leadership doesn’t seem to be in any rush to make a deal,” Julian Evans-Pritchard, head of China economics at Capital Economics, wrote in a note Wednesday. “They appear to have concluded that they can afford to weather the impact of US tariffs and that Trump will be in a weakened position further down the line as the economic and political fallout from the tariffs mounts.”
--With assistance from Jing Li, Fran Wang, Charlie Zhu and Lynn Thomasson.
(Updates with latest Chinese measure)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
BEIJING (Reuters) -China's consumer prices fell for the second straight month in March while factory-gate deflation worsened, as an escalating U.S. trade war heightened worries about mounting piles of unsold exports that could drive domestic prices even lower.  A nascent pick-up in retail sales and robust expansion in factory activity have been offset by rising unemployment and deflationary pressures, fuelling calls for more stimulus.  The consumer price index (CPI) dropped 0.1% last month from a year earlier, National Bureau of Statistics data showed on Thursday.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Earn 5% cash back on valuable Discover cash-back rotating categories like grocery stores, Target, gas stations, and Amazon.com.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
