Title: Oil Slumps Below $60 as US Plan for China Tariffs Roils Outlook
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 19-16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-plunge-pauses-traders-stock-095017294.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- Oil fell to close below $60 a barrel for the first time since 2021 after the Trump administration moved to intensify a tit-for-tat trade war with China, inflaming concerns about the trajectory of global demand growth.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs
Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing
This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side
In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap
Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up
West Texas Intermediate futures fell for a fourth straight session to close at $59.58 a barrel before grazing a fresh four-year low after settlement. US President Donald Trump is planning to proceed with implementing tariffs that would amount to 104% on many Chinese goods just after midnight, according to a White House official.
That would mark another significant escalation in the actions against China, a major crude-importing economy. Beijing had responded earlier by saying it’s prepared to “fight to the end” via retaliatory trade measures.
Crude, along with equities, bonds and other commodities, has been roiled this month as the US president presses on with his aggressive trade policy. The ructions have stoked concerns about a global slowdown or recession that would jeopardize energy demand. At the same time, OPEC+ delivered a bigger-than-expected output hike, hurting the outlook for oil market balances.
“We can expect a lot more flip-flopping in the near-term, for better or worse,” said Christina Qi, chief executive officer of Databento, a market data provider. “Unless there’s some kind of clear directional catalyst, like a decision from OPEC or a major central bank, the dynamic is going to stay very push-and-pull.”
Banks have been rushing to cut their forecasts in recent days as a result. Societe Generale SA sees West Texas Intermediate at $57 a barrel by the end of the year, while Goldman Sachs Group Inc. warned of $40 Brent in an extreme case. A top US oil executive is already calling on the Trump administration to explain how a global trade war will help domestic producers.
The turbulence also forced the US Energy Information Administration to delay its monthly report, which had been due Tuesday. The agency said it was re-running its models to account for the most recent market developments.
Chinese crude buyers are likely to halt imports of American oil as the trade war drags on, which will include levies imposed by Beijing on US goods, according to local industry consultant JLC. Companies could instead look to source more cargoes from Russia, the Middle East, West Africa and South America, it said.
At the same time, options markets have been showing increased wagers on lower prices. Record volumes of bearish contracts traded last week, while puts on Brent were fetching their biggest premiums to bullish calls since December 2021.
To get Bloomberg’s Energy Daily newsletter in your inbox, click here.
--With assistance from Jake Lloyd-Smith and Sarah Chen.
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
CHICAGO (Reuters) -Oil prices surged from a four-year low on Wednesday and gold rallied in a broad-based commodities and equity market rebound after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower recently enacted tariffs on dozens of countries while further increasing duties on China.  U.S. natural gas prices jumped 10% and copper gained nearly 3% after earlier touching an eight-month low as the tariff pause eased market worries that Trump's steep duties, announced last week, could trigger a recession.  Agricultural commodities also climbed, led by soybeans, although gains were more measured as U.S. trade with top farm goods importer China remained a concern.
Cathie Wood pushed around $40 million into two Dow giants this week prior to Trump's tariffs taking effect.
U.S. refiners are not planning to make big-ticket investments to process more domestic crude and less oil from top suppliers  Canada and Mexico, industry sources and analysts said, an obstacle to President Trump's plan to boost oil output.  Trump's pledge to unleash U.S. energy production and lower prices for consumers has focused on increasing domestic oil drilling.  At the same time, his tariff threats have cut imports of crude from Canada and Mexico, which account for around a quarter of the oil U.S. refiners process, even though in the end he decided to exempt energy imports.
Oil and related energy stocks fell Wednesday as the price of crude dropped to its lowest level since 2021.
Global stocks are in turmoil and bond yields are spiking after President Donald Trump's "Liberation Day" tariffs went into effect, with Chinese imports facing a 104% levy.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
