Title: Goldman Sachs cuts China GDP growth forecasts citing tariff impact
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 05-40
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-revises-down-china-054030546.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
HONG KONG (Reuters) -U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs lowered its forecasts for China's GDP growth to 4% in 2025 and 3.5% in 2026 in a report published on Thursday, from 4.5% and 4.0% previously, citing the effects of tariffs.
Goldman Sachs made the revision for the world's No. 2 economy and second biggest provider of U.S. imports after U.S. President Donald Trump hiked the tariff on Chinese imports to 125% from the 104% level that kicked in on Wednesday.
Although additional tariff increases are likely to have a "diminishing marginal impact", the substantial rise in US tariffs on China is expected to significantly weigh on the Chinese economy and labor market, Goldman said.
"We anticipate the Chinese government will further intensify policy easing, projecting 60bp of policy rate cuts (vs. 40bp previously)."
However, the report added that "even these significant easing measures are unlikely to fully offset the negative effects of the tariffs."
Fitch, on April 3, cut China's long-term foreign currency rating by one notch to "A" from "A+", one year after it downgraded its outlook on China's credit rating.
(Reporting by Farah Master and the Beijing newsroom; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Janane Venkatraman)
U.S. Donald Trump ratcheted up a trade war with China even as he did an about turn on steep new reciprocal tariffs on most trading partners on Wednesday.  Trump hiked the tariff on Chinese imports to 125% from the 104% level that kicked in on Wednesday.  Beijing may again respond in kind after slapping 84% tariffs on U.S. imports on Wednesday to match Trump's earlier tariff salvo.
NEW YORK (AP) — Give Marjorie Taylor Greene credit where it’s due: As stocks tanked on tariff fears, she showed her faith in the president not just with words but dollar bills.
WASHINGTON — U.S. President Donald Trump partially reversed course Wednesday on his global trade war following days of market turmoil — but he's not offering any changes to the tariffs hitting Canada.
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Speaker Mike Johnson found himself in a familiar jam on Tuesday: Conservative Republican holdouts are stalling action on President Donald Trump's "big” bill of tax breaks and spending reductions, refusing to accept a Senate GOP budget framework approved over the weekend because it doesn't cut enough.
The commodity-linked Canadian dollar strengthened by the most in nearly three months against its U.S. counterpart on Wednesday as a sudden reversal by the U.S. on tariffs bolstered the outlook for the global economy.  The loonie was trading 1.2% higher at 1.4095 per U.S. dollar, or 70.95 U.S. cents, its biggest advance since January 20.  U.S. President Donald Trump said he would temporarily lower new tariffs on many countries, even as he raised them further on imports from China.
Carney's similarity to Justin Trudeau is now clear; a left-leaning, climate-obsessed interventionist leading the old Trudeau team
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, a potential 2028 White House candidate, stood awkwardly in the Oval Office as President Donald Trump signed executive orders and assailed his political opponents on Wednesday, not long after she delivered a speech nearby that offered soft criticism of him but emphasized shared priorities.
MANSFIELD, S.D. (AP) — Jared Bossly was planting soybeans one spring night in 2023 on his 2,000-acre farm in South Dakota when he spotted a sheriff’s vehicle parked at the corner of his property. He had a hunch it wasn’t a social visit.
Canadian visits to the United States plummeted last month amid anger over tariffs and annexation threats from its president, on top of growing fears about treatment at the border.
The Canadian dollar rose to a near five-month high against the greenback on Thursday as investors reduced their exposure to U.S. financial markets, anticipating that the global trade war could upend a period of outperformance for the American economy.  The loonie was trading 0.6% higher at 1.3995 per U.S. dollar, or 71.45 U.S. cents, after touching its strongest intraday level since November 25 at 1.3952.  "We're seeing a bit of repatriation out of U.S. assets," said Noah Buffam, an FX strategist at CIBC Capital Markets.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
