Title: ClearBridge Value Strategy Sold its Holdings in The Goldman Sachs Group (GS) in Q1
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 13-00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/clearbridge-value-strategy-sold-holdings-130018441.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
ClearBridge Investments, an investment management company, released its “ClearBridge Value Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter, the strategy underperformed its Russell 1000 Value benchmark, driven by detractors in the energy and financials, which overcame contributions from overweight to energy and underweight to IT. In addition, please check the fund’s top five holdings to know its best picks in 2025.
In its first quarter 2025 investor letter, ClearBridge Value Strategy emphasized stocks such as The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS). Founded in 1869, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is a financial institution that operates through Global Banking & Markets, Asset & Wealth Management, and Platform Solutions segments. The one-month return of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) was -13.72%, and its shares gained 15.34% of their value over the last 52 weeks. On April 8, 2025, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stock closed at $462.22 per share with a market capitalization of $143.65 billion.
ClearBridge Value Strategy stated the following regarding The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:
"Our largest sell was The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) relatively early in the quarter, as expectations for an increased capital market cycle under the new Trump administration brought its share price in line with our assessment of fair value."
A financial analyst presenting a chart of insurance solutions to a boardroom.
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) is not on our list of 30 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. As per our database, 81 hedge fund portfolios held The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) at the end of the fourth quarter compared to 72 in the third quarter. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) reported net revenues of $13.9 billion EPS of $11.95, and ROE of 14.6% and ROTE of 15.5% in the fourth quarter of 2024. While we acknowledge the potential of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is as promising as NVIDIA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
We covered The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) in another article, where we shared Nightview Capital's views on the company. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q1 2025 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.
READ NEXT: Michael Burry Is Selling These Stocks and A New Dawn Is Coming to US Stocks.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Tuesday’s 10 Worst-Performing Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) stands against other Tuesday’s worst-performing stocks. Wall Street’s main indices suffered a bloodbath on Tuesday, recording steep losses amid the looming deadline for President Donald Trump’s new round of tariffs […]
Goldman (GS) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
GS is set to report first-quarter 2025 earnings. We assess the factors influencing its performance and how investors should play this stock now.
The hyperscaler rolled out an agent interoperability protocol that already has buy-in from Accenture, Deloitte and KPMG, Wednesday at Google Cloud Next.
ClearBridge Investments, an investment management company, released its “ClearBridge Value Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter, the strategy underperformed its Russell 1000 Value benchmark, driven by detractors in the energy and financials, which overcame contributions from overweight to energy and underweight to […]
(Bloomberg) -- The S&P 500 stock index has dropped to a level where long-term investors are starting to buy the dip, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partner John Flood.The US stock index is flirting with bear market levels after plunging nearly 19% since its February peak. The benchmark closed below the 5,000 level for the first time in nearly a year on Tuesday after the US administration implemented reciprocal tariffs on trading partners, boosting recession risk. “From my conversations wi
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
