Title: Is NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) the Best Blue Chip Stock to Buy According to Billionaires_
Date: 2025-04-17 01:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-corporation-nvda-best-blue-015844912.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires.
The US stock market is showing volatility after President Donald Trump’s recent announcement of sweeping 10% tariffs on all US trading partners and higher tariffs on countries with a trade deficit with the US.
Economists and investors believe President Trump’s tariff policies could potentially lead to a trade war with America’s trading partners, propelling inflation even higher. These two factors could plunge the US into an economic slowdown, and the markets could potentially sell off quickly if a recession materializes among its looming threats.
On April 10, CNBC reported that stock prices rose sharply a day before after declining for four days straight following President Trump’s announcement of a pause in a significant part of his tariff plan. The White House said that Democratic lawmakers were indulged in partisan games by inquiring if any stock market purchases conducted in recent days were undertaken with prior knowledge of the fact that President Trump would authorize a pause in his tariff plans. Trump announced higher tariffs on China even after he announced a 90-day pause for steeper-than-baseline rates for several other countries.
READ ALSO: 10 Best Medical Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires and 10 Best Organic Food Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires.
On April 11, Erica York, economist and the vice president of federal tax policy at the Tax Foundation’s Center for Federal Tax Policy, talked to CNBC’s “The Exchange” about the ongoing scenario and said that the imposition of around 145% total tariff on Chinese goods would result in a suspension of most trade between the US and China. She said:
“It depends on how narrowly the tariff is applied or how broadly it’s applied, but generally, if you get north of a triple-digit tariff, you are cutting off most trade.”
She further opined that:
“There may still be some things without any substitutes that companies just have to foot the bill, but for the most part, that cuts it off.”
The economist said that Trump’s new China tariffs, along with the others he implemented, would raise the average tariff rate to record highs the country hasn’t seen since the 1940s. The current market volatility has created numerous remarkable investment opportunities, so let’s look at the 15 best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires.
We reviewed financial media reports and ETFs to compile an initial list of blue chip stocks and selected stocks that have a 5-year revenue growth rate of at least 10%. We have also considered the popularity of these stocks among billionaire investors. These billionaires are founders or managers of some of the world’s leading hedge funds and companies. We also added the number of hedge fund holders for each stock as of fiscal Q4 2024, and sourced the hedge fund sentiment data from Insider Monkey’s database.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A close-up of a colorful high-end graphics card being plugged in to a gaming computer.
Number of Billionaire Investors: 29
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 223
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) designs and manufactures computer graphics processors, chipsets, and other multimedia software. It operates in the Compute & Networking and Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) segments.
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) reported a record full-year revenue of $130.5 billion for fiscal 2025, up 114% from last year. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $2.99, increasing 130% from a year ago. Fiscal Q4 2025 marked another record quarter for the company, with a revenue of $39.3 billion, up 12% sequentially and 78% year on year. These trends highlight the company’s continued profitability. It expects to continue this profitability in the future, supported by products based on its new Blackwell GPU architecture.
On April 11, Citi analyst Atif Malik cut his price target for NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) to $150 from $163 but maintained a Buy rating. The analyst expects the company to partially pass down the tariffs-led potential increase in GPU expense amid the ongoing uncertainty, supported by AI GPU price inelasticity and NVIDIA Corporation’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) technology leadership.
Columbia Threadneedle Global Technology Growth Strategy expressed bullish sentiments regarding the company in its Q4 2024 investor letter, especially because it is on schedule to satisfy the substantial demand for its new product, Blackwell, which will enter the market next year. Here is what it said about the company:
“NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) continued to outperform the market during the fourth quarter. The technology giant and top position in the fund delivered on sky-high expectations during the quarter and reported quarterly expectations that exceeded expectations. The red-hot company provided forward-looking expectations which were regarded as slightly lackluster as compared to prior quarters that smashed expectations. While the stock did churn a bit in the quarter, the AI giant remains top of mind for investors, especially as the company is on pace to satisfy the ‘staggering’ demand for its new product, Blackwell, which is poised to enter the market over the next year. The company’s position of owning all the major pieces of the evolving AI data center enables it to strengthen its competitive position and to define the technology roadmap for generations to come.”
Overall, NVDA ranks 6th on our list of the best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential for NVDA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE: TSM), popularly known as TSMC, is the world's largest semiconductor foundry, which fabricates chips for the top consumer electronics companies and chip designers across the globe.  The world's leading companies, such as Nvidia, AMD, Broadcom, Sony, and Apple, tap TSMC's plants for manufacturing chips that power personal computers (PCs), smartphones, data centers, and gaming consoles, among others.  As a result, TSMC is in a solid position to benefit from the secular growth of the global semiconductor market, which is expected to hit $2 trillion in annual revenue in 2032.
Here's what could happen next to Disney shares.
Contending that Meta (META) recently delivered “the best quarter in its history,” Jeffrey Small, the President of Arbor Financial, called on investors to “definitely buy the stock.” Small, who was speaking on Schwab Network, is also quite upbeat on Netflix (NFLX). More of Small’s Thoughts on META The financial advisor does not expect Meta’s profits […]
We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US stock market […]
The stock market fell sharply anew on Wednesday, with all major indices ending in the red, as investor sentiment was dampened by Federal Chairman Jerome Powell’s bearish comments on the US economy, saying that the US’ tariff policies could drive up inflation and “move us further away from our goals.” The tech-heavy Nasdaq dropped the […]
Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) stock is falling fast amid multiple bearish catalysts in Wednesday's trading.  Nvidia's valuation is heading lower today amid multiple bearish catalysts.  Yesterday, the company submitted a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating that it would be taking a $5.5 billion write-down following news from the U.S. government that it would now require an export license to sell its H20 processors to China.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
