Title: J&J Forecasts $400 Million in Tariff-Related Costs This Year
Date: 2025-04-15 19:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/99cc1f40-f58d-3f24-b134-22a5c0860954/j%26j-forecasts-%24400-million-in.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Johnson & Johnson forecasts about $400 million in costs this year related to tariffs on medical devices, said Chief Financial Officer Joseph Wolk in an interview. Wolk said the estimated costs represent a "worst-case scenario" and take into account President Trump’s 90-day pause, China's retaliatory tariffs and the resumption of the U.S. tariffs. J&J isn't doing anything differently yet in response to tariffs, Wolk added.
Bank of America and Citigroup post better-than-expected first-quarter earnings, a report says China ordered a halt to Boeing jet deliveries as part of the escalating trade war with the U.S., and Tesla stock rises after its chart forms a ‘death cross.’
While J&J expects tariffs will cost it $400 million this year, the company maintained its earnings estimate and upped its sales guidance for 2025.
Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday reported better-than-expected first-quarter results and lifted its sales forecast for the full year.
The headline numbers for Bank of America (BAC) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Citigroup (C) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 6.52% and 1.95%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Johnson & Johnson stock fell alongside the broader market, despite beating first-quarter calls and hiking its 2025 sales guidance.
J&J beats first-quarter earnings and sales estimates. It raises sales guidance for 2025 to reflect the addition of Caplyta from the Intra-Cellular acquisition.
Veeva Systems (VEEV) closed the most recent trading day at $222.72, moving -0.42% from the previous trading session.
New tariffs, primarily on medical technology products, are projected to add $400 million in costs this year, Chief Financial Officer Joseph Wolk said.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.