Title: J&J sees tariff impact from exports to China more than global imports: CFO
Date: 2025-04-15 15:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jj-sees-tariff-impact-from-exports-to-china-more-than-global-imports-cfo-155153851.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) reported a beat on first quarter earnings Tuesday, even as concerns linger about how President Trump's tariffs will impact its medical device business, as well as how a probe into pharmaceutical tariffs will impact its business.
J&J reported first quarter revenue of $21.9 billion, beating Wall Street estimates by 1.4%. Adjusted earnings per share came in at $2.69, beating Wall Street by 6.7%. Despite the beat, J&J's stock traded down less than 1% Tuesday.
The company raised its 2025 sales guidance Tuesday by $700 million, putting the new target at 3.3% to 4.3% growth, or a midpoint of $92 billion. That is despite a decline in sales after the patent expiry of Stelara, the company's blockbuster inflammatory condition treatment, this year.
On an earnings call Tuesday, executives said that China, Canada, and Mexico are where the company has the most exposure on tariffs.
CFO Joe Wolk estimated about $400 million in tariff impact, saying it would primarily hit the medical devices business.
"It would include, to some small degree, some of the steel and aluminum tariffs that impact some of our products. It includes the China tariffs, as well as the China retaliatory tariffs — and that is probably the most substantial out of all the tariffs," Wolk said.
He told Yahoo Finance that up to 70% of the tariff impact is from the products exported to China from the U.S.
The hit from tariffs is being taken on as cost of goods and will "sit on the balance sheet ... in future periods," Wolk said.
Asad Haider, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research head of the healthcare business unit, told Yahoo Finance that the company reduced its research costs and also has a lot more leverage, due to its size, to whether the current tariff confusion.
"We don't really know line items...it speaks a little bit to the leverage they have across the P&L to make these types of investments," Haider said.
The industry is also bracing for the impact of the investigation into pharmaceutical tariffs, which the Trump administration announced Monday.
However, CEO Joaquin Duato said, "It is also important that companies in healthcare partner with the administration to look to mitigate some of the vulnerabilities that exist today in our healthcare supply chain so as to avoid any continuity of supply effect."
J&J has also faced some of the same industry pressures as its peers in recent years, including the Inflation Reduction Act's Medicare price negotiations. But it is also pressured by the ongoing talc litigation and recently faced a major setback in the courts, with a judge rejecting a potential $10 billion settlement.
J&J has since returned about $7 billion from the intended settlement amount back to the company's coffers and is pursuing a different legal avenue that should play out in the second half of the year, according to analysts.
"Although JNJ’s effort to resolve talc litigation through Red River Talc bankruptcy failed, the company will return to the tort system to challenge plaintiffs’ experts via Daubert motions. JNJ expects important Daubert hearings and rulings within 6 months (by the end of Oct 2025)," wrote Leerink Partners analyst David Risinger in a note to clients Tuesday.
Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest health industry news and events impacting stock prices
Retailers are tempering their annual expectations due to the overarching effects of U.S. President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs, which have sparked recession fears and weakened consumer sentiment.  Although Albertsons has limited exposure to imports from countries such as China, Canada and Mexico, weak spending could weigh on its sales.  "Inflationary pressures have elevated our customers' needs for value," incoming Chief Executive Officer Susan Morris said in a post-earnings call, adding that consumers purchasing through the national food aid program were feeling more pressure.
(Reuters) -Johnson & Johnson Chief Executive Joaquin Duato said on Tuesday that tariffs on pharmaceuticals can create supply chain disruptions and that favorable tax policies would be a more effective tool to boost U.S. manufacturing capacity of both drugs and medical devices.  Duato, during an investor call to discuss first-quarter results, said that healthcare companies should work with the Trump administration to mitigate supply chain vulnerabilities and prevent any drug shortages that can result from tariffs.  J&J is the first major healthcare company to report results since the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump proposed hefty duties on trade partners including China, a key source of raw ingredients and supplies for the pharmaceutical and medical device industries.
(Bloomberg) -- US government debt rallied Tuesday, erasing declines after a Treasury Department official said a rule change was under consideration that could lower trading costs for banks.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingWhile the
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 7.78% and 1.26%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Futures edged down Tuesday morning, with the S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Dow trading just below break-even, as investors braced for a flurry of corporate earnings. The muted open followed Monday’s tech-led rally, which briefly masked deeper market jitters tied to tariffs and macro uncertainty.
Johnson & Johnson is holding its earnings outlook steady despite President Donald Trump signaling he could put tariffs on the pharmaceutical industry. The administration announced earlier it would conduct an investigation into drug imports. That move is widely seen as a first step toward imposing new levies. Earnings and revenue both beat estimates for the quarter. Johnson & Johnson CFO Joe Wolk joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how tariffs could hit the industry and the drug maker's bottom line.
US benchmark equity indexes were little changed intraday as companies continued to report financial
Johnson & Johnson forecasts about $400 million in costs this year related to tariffs on medical devices, said Chief Financial Officer Joseph Wolk in an interview.  Wolk said the estimated costs represent a "worst-case scenario" and take into account President Trump’s 90-day pause, China's retaliatory tariffs and the resumption of the U.S. tariffs.  J&J isn't doing anything differently yet in response to tariffs, Wolk added.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially […]
Despite the impact of dynamic shifts in the regulatory landscape for the Zacks Medical - Generic Drugs industry, new product launches should provide some respite to RDY, SDZNY and TEVA.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.