Title: Goldman Sachs (GS) Falls More Steeply Than Broader Market: What Investors Need to Know
Date: 2025-04-07 21:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-gs-falls-more-215016278.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. The latest trading session saw Goldman Sachs (GS) ending at $465.51, denoting a -1.13% adjustment from its last day's close. This move lagged the S&P 500's daily loss of 0.23%. Elsewhere, the Dow lost 0.91%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq added 0.1%. The investment bank's shares have seen a decrease of 15.88% over the last month, not keeping up with the Finance sector's loss of 9.66% and the S&P 500's loss of 12.13%. The investment community will be paying close attention to the earnings performance of Goldman Sachs in its upcoming release. The company is slated to reveal its earnings on April 14, 2025. The company's upcoming EPS is projected at $12.87, signifying a 11.14% increase compared to the same quarter of the previous year. Alongside, our most recent consensus estimate is anticipating revenue of $15.21 billion, indicating a 7% upward movement from the same quarter last year. For the entire fiscal year, the Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $45.78 per share and a revenue of $57.07 billion, representing changes of +12.93% and +6.65%, respectively, from the prior year. Investors might also notice recent changes to analyst estimates for Goldman Sachs. These recent revisions tend to reflect the evolving nature of short-term business trends. As such, positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company's business and profitability. Our research demonstrates that these adjustments in estimates directly associate with imminent stock price performance. To exploit this, we've formed the Zacks Rank, a quantitative model that includes these estimate changes and presents a viable rating system. The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate has moved 2.85% lower. Goldman Sachs is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now. In terms of valuation, Goldman Sachs is presently being traded at a Forward P/E ratio of 10.28. This indicates a discount in contrast to its industry's Forward P/E of 11.8. We can also see that GS currently has a PEG ratio of 0.64. This metric is used similarly to the famous P/E ratio, but the PEG ratio also takes into account the stock's expected earnings growth rate. The average PEG ratio for the Financial - Investment Bank industry stood at 0.95 at the close of the market yesterday. The Financial - Investment Bank industry is part of the Finance sector. This industry, currently bearing a Zacks Industry Rank of 68, finds itself in the top 28% echelons of all 250+ industries. The Zacks Industry Rank evaluates the power of our distinct industry groups by determining the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks forming the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1. Make sure to utilize Zacks.com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research UBS analyst Josh Silverstein lowered the firm’s price target on EQT Corporation (EQT) to $55 from $58 and keeps a Neutral rating on the shares. The firm sees Energy viewed as a recession downside play, the analyst tells investors in a research note. UBS lowered its price target reflecting increased uncertainty around economic activity and commodity prices. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> See today’s best-performing s Performance Shipping (PSHG) announced that, through a separate wholly-owned subsidiary, it has entered into a forward sale and exclusivity agreement with an unaffiliated third party. This agreement grants the Buyer exclusive rights to submit a bid for the conversion of the Company’s Aframax tanker, M/T P. Sophia, in an auction for the provision of a Floating Production Storage and Offloading vessel for charter to a national oil company. If the Buyer is awarded the Offshore Project by the expirat UBS lowered the firm’s price target on Ball Corp. (BALL) to $54 from $55 and keeps a Neutral rating on the shares. The firm sees another challenging earnings cycle, with “largely ok” downstream earnings, while upstream/commodity earnings will be impacted by higher costs and likely weaker end of quarter demand, the analyst tells investors in a research note. UBS sees earnings misses to drive stocks down vs. provide relief. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-movi UBS lowered the firm’s price target on Sherwin-Williams (SHW) to $400 from $430 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. The firm sees another challenging earnings cycle, with “largely ok” downstream earnings, while upstream/commodity earnings will be impacted by higher costs and likely weaker end of quarter demand, the analyst tells investors in a research note. UBS sees earnings misses to drive stocks down vs. provide relief. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-m We recently published a list of 15 Stocks with Buy Ratings that Hedge Funds Love. In this article, we are going to take a look at where IQVIA Holdings Inc. (NYSE:IQV) stands against other stocks with buy ratings that hedge funds love. The U.S. stock market has been in chaos ever since President Trump announced […] We recently published a list of 15 Stocks with Buy Ratings that Hedge Funds Love. In this article, we are going to take a look at where U.S. Foods Holding Corp. (NYSE:USFD) stands against other stocks with buy ratings that hedge funds love. The U.S. stock market has been in chaos ever since President Trump […] Darling Ingredients (DAR) issued the following statement regarding tariffs. “Darling Ingredients is a resilient global business, operating 260 facilities across five continents. Our scale, geographic diversity and integrated supply chain enable us to adapt quickly to changing market dynamics and continue meeting customer needs around the world. The vast majority of the ingredients we produce in the U.S. are utilized domestically, with minimal exposure to exports impacted by current tariffs, incl With UK growth forecasts downgraded, businesses are under greater pressure to manage liquidity and protect margins. Trade and invoice financing are emerging as key tools to support growth strategies in a stagnant economy, writes Mark Finn of eCapital Commercial Finance. I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
