Title: Goldman, Wells Fargo Lead $17 Billion Bank Borrowing Spree
Date: 2025-04-15 21:05:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-wells-fargo-lead-17-210503053.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. sold a combined $14 billion of US investment-grade bonds Tuesday, matching the day-earlier total from peers Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing Wells Fargo is issuing $8 billion of bonds in four parts, while Goldman sold $6 billion in three parts, according to people with knowledge of the matter. The market’s third borrower Tuesday, Japanese financial firm Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc., priced $3 billion of notes. The longest portion of Wells’ offering, an 11-year security, yields 1.28 percentage point above Treasuries, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified as the details are private. Goldman’s longest portion, a six-year tranche, yields 1.25 percentage point above Treasuries, a separate person said. Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Lead $16.5 Billion Bank Borrowing Spree It’s common for the biggest US banks to sell debt shortly after releasing quarterly results. But there were some questions this go-around after the primary market froze earlier this month in the wake of an evolving global trade war. Tuesday’s deals received orders 3.3 times the amount of bonds sold, according to Bloomberg’s Brian Smith, compared with 3.8 times on Monday. “Clearly there’s appetite for sizable bank issuances,” said Peter Simon, an analyst who covers the sector at research firm CreditSights. “We don’t see much evidence that the market is overly concerned with these banks, which makes sense given their results have been solid this quarter.” Goldman reported record revenue in the first quarter, while Wells Fargo’s report pointed to soft loan demand amid the ongoing tariff uncertainty. Wells’ net interest income, the difference between what it makes from lending and pays for deposits, fell short of analysts’ projections. Still, non-interest expenses were better than forecast as Chief Executive Officer Charlie Scharf works to cut costs. In the high-grade market, banks have underperformed in recent weeks, with TD Securities credit strategist Hans Mikkelsen writing that was likely due to expectations of new debt sales. The average bank bond spread widened 24 basis points this month through Monday, more than investment-grade notes overall while yields for the latter briefly hit 11-month highs last week. That has lured yield buyers into the market, setting things up well to digest the banks’ debt sales, said Samuel Wilson, a portfolio manager at Voya Investment Management. Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup Inc. are candidates to issue debt after they released first-quarter results Tuesday. Coming into earnings season, JPMorgan strategists Kabir Caprihan and Vincent Barretta predicted the six big US banks could might issue about $32 billion of bonds. That compares with an average $23 billion this time each year from 2014 through 2024. The four deals completed so far have raised $28 billion. (Updates throughout.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. The purchases are a sign of confidence despite growing concern about an economic slowdown this year. Rio Tinto on Wednesday reported its lowest first-quarter iron ore shipments since 2019 and warned that more weather disruptions could lead to a 2025 forecast miss, after cyclones impacted the miner's Pilbara operations.  The company now expects Pilbara iron ore shipments for 2025 to hit the lower end of its forecast range of 323 million to 338 million metric tons.  A series of tropical cyclones in the first quarter snarled activities at the Dampier port in the Pilbara region, with the company previously warning of total losses of 13 million tons of iron ore due to bad weather. Tech stocks have grown exponentially in the past two years, with 2023 being a banner year for the sector.  The Nasdaq 100 technology sector index rose nearly 7% in 2024, having soared 66.7% the year before.  The use of artificial intelligence has also boosted attention towards the sector, with venture funding firms keen on financing companies leveraging the technology. Apple, NVIDIA, Advanced Micro Devices, Amazon.com and Alphabet are included in this Analyst Blog. The rapid rise of ultra-fast fashion retailer Shein has been so key to the fortunes of a group of urban villages on the outskirts of China's southern metropolis of Guangzhou that they have been colloquially dubbed "Shein villages".  Shein was able to become a behemoth selling over $30 billion worth of goods annually on a foundation of cheap prices and advantageous trade rules, such as the U.S. "de minimis" exemption that allows low-cost imports to enter the country duty-free.  But the supply chain efficiencies emanating from hundreds of humming factory floors in these villages, reacting in real-time to online orders for leopard print palazzo pants or peasant blouses at unbeatable prices, were also key to its success. We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading […] It's been a sea of red in Asia so far on Wednesday, with new U.S. moves turning up the heat in the trade war with China, but at least the losses have been relatively shallow compared with other down days of the past few weeks.  Washington issued new export licensing requirements for Nvidia's H20 and AMD's MI308 artificial intelligence chips to China.  Nvidia's shares slumped 6% in after-hours trading, after it said the move would cost $5.5 billion. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, […] CHICAGO (Reuters) -United Airlines forecast lower-than-expected profit for the current quarter on Tuesday and warned of downside risks to its full-year outlook if the U.S. economy slips into a recession.  President Donald Trump's trade war has increased the odds of an economic recession, hitting business and consumer confidence and rattling global markets.  United said its financial forecast is dependent on the macro environment, which, it added, is "impossible to predict this year with any degree of confidence." Speaking on the company’s earnings call, Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon said in part: “I would I would say the level of uncertainty is up significantly and it’s partially up because growth was slowing down before we got to the implementation of trade policy” and the implementation of trade policy reset the prospect of forward growth “pretty significantly all over the world.” Solomon added: “I would say that when you get outside of the U.S. and I listened to CEOs, I hear a greater sense of Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.