Title: Asian Stocks Advance, Yen Weakens on Tariff Talks_ Markets Wrap
Date: 2025-04-17 03:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asian-stocks-advance-yen-weakens-035657999.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Asian stocks nudged higher and the yen weakened as investors took heart from a first round of trade negotiations between the US and Japan.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed
DOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on Leave
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
Japanese shares gained slightly after President Donald Trump said there was “big progress” in talks to strike a deal for Japan to avoid higher levies. The yen weakened after the country’s chief trade negotiator said currencies weren’t discussed, allaying concerns a stronger exchange rate would be part of the US demands. Gold hit a record in demand for safe havens while Treasury yields and a gauge of the dollar inched up.
Equity-index futures for the US gained while contracts for Europe showed stocks may be under pressure.
After financial markets were roiled following the announcement of broad US levies earlier this month, global investors have turned their attention to how the country-specific negotiations progress before taking large positions. One big uncertainty is the fate of discussions with China after Beijing indicated Wednesday it wants to see a number of steps from Trump’s administration before it will agree to trade talks.
“Many investors who have thought all along that Trump’s most extreme tariff threats were a negotiating tactic are closely watching the one-on-one discussions with Japan as an indication of what’s to come,” said Phillip Wool, head of portfolio management at Rayliant Global Advisors Ltd. “So the fact that Trump came out today touting ‘big progress’ potentially confirms that view.”
A two-day consolidation in stocks ended Wednesday after the US ratcheted up trade tensions by putting restrictions on some chip exports by Nvidia Corp. Stocks also declined after Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell signaled a wait-and-see approach to tariffs. He pushed back on hopes the central bank would act quickly to soothe investor fears.
Treasuries, however, rallied for a third day on Wednesday as investors refocus on the asset as a hedge against risk. Last week, the debt had sold off amid speculation that hedge funds were unwinding positions.
Meanwhile, the US and Japan kicked off tariff negotiations with an aim to reach a deal as soon as possible, Japan’s top negotiator Ryosei Akazawa said. Preparations are underway for the second round of talks to take place later this month, he said.
Countries are racing to negotiate deals with the US to avert high import taxes Trump imposed — and then quickly paused — on about 60 trading partners. That move put a 24% across-the-board tariff on Japanese imports on hold, though a 10% baseline charge still applies — as well as 25% levies on cars, steel and aluminum.
The progress in discussions with Japan, “while preliminary, offer a small positive signal for markets,” said Rajeev De Mello, a global macro portfolio manager at Gama Asset Management. “The trajectory of US-Japan trade talks will continue to be closely monitored, not just for their bilateral implications, but also as a potential framework for how the US may approach trade relationships with other allies.”
The Trump administration is preparing to pressure nations to curb trade with China in negotiations over US tariffs, according to people familiar with the matter.
Chinese President Xi Jinping promoted the idea of an “Asian family” and called for regional unity during a tour of Southeast Asia, in an apparent effort to counter US pressure on nations to limit trade ties with Beijing.
US investors could be forced to offload around $800 billion of Chinese equities “in an extreme scenario” of financial decoupling between the world’s two largest economies, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. estimated.
In a sign that central banks in the region are waiting to see how the impact of tariffs pan out, the Bank of Korea held its benchmark interest rate steady to foster stability. Later Thursday, the European Central Bank is set to hand down an interest rate decision.
In commodities, oil rose for a second day after the US vowed to reduce Iran’s energy exports to zero.
Some of the main moves in markets:
Stocks
S&P 500 futures rose 0.6% as of 12:49 p.m. Tokyo time
Nikkei 225 futures (OSE) rose 1%
Japan’s Topix rose 0.8%
Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6%
Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 1.6%
The Shanghai Composite rose 0.2%
Euro Stoxx 50 futures fell 0.3%
Currencies
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose 0.2%
The euro fell 0.3% to $1.1366
The Japanese yen fell 0.5% to 142.58 per dollar
The offshore yuan fell 0.1% to 7.3089 per dollar
Cryptocurrencies
Bitcoin fell 0.4% to $83,941.29
Ether rose 0.7% to $1,583.95
Bonds
The yield on 10-year Treasuries advanced three basis points to 4.31%
Australia’s 10-year yield declined five basis points to 4.29%
Commodities
West Texas Intermediate crude rose 1.1% to $63.16 a barrel
Spot gold was little changed
This story was produced with the assistance of Bloomberg Automation.
--With assistance from Aya Wagatsuma and Richard Henderson.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
You’ll need to do a bit of legwork to find a good fit, but it’s worth it to get one of these loans.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
