Title: Goldman Sachs earnings jump. But CEO David Solomon has a warning
Date: 2025-04-14 13:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-earnings-jump-ceo-135500404.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Goldman Sachs (GS) opened the floodgates on first-quarter earnings Monday, reporting a 15% jump in profit to $4.74 billion, or $14.12 per share. Strong trading revenues fueled the beat, and shares climbed 1.7% at the open — despite being down about 14% year-to-date.
CEO David Solomon struck a confident tone while acknowledging extreme uncertainty amid chaotic U.S. policy turns. “In times of great uncertainty, clients turn to Goldman Sachs for execution and insight,” he said, while noting that Q2 has brought “a markedly different operating environment.”
Goldman’s performance is a reminder that Wall Street firms often find ways to thrive in turmoil. As a barometer of capital flows and investor sentiment, the bank’s earnings show that volatility, while unsettling, isn’t always unprofitable.
The strong showing adds to solid reports from other financial giants last week, including BlackRock (BLK), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Morgan Stanley (MS).
Still, clouds are forming: analysts at both Morgan Stanley and Citigroup (C) cut their year-end S&P 500 targets, warning of slowing earnings, geopolitical instability, and unpredictable U.S. policy.
With heavyweight companies like Netflix (NFLX), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), and UnitedHealth (UNH) reporting in the days ahead, investors will be watching closely to see whether the bounce continues — or buckles under pressure.
For the latest news,Facebook,TwitterandInstagram.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Goldman (GS) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
GS first quarter 2025 results reflect a rise in the Global Banking & Markets division, with record Equity trading revenues.
UNH's first-quarter earnings are likely to have benefited from growing premiums and service revenues.
Get a deeper insight into the potential performance of UnitedHealth (UNH) for the quarter ended March 2025 by going beyond Wall Street's top -and-bottom-line estimates and examining the estimates for some of its key metrics.
Goldman Sachs' first-quarter results mostly topped analysts' estimates on Monday, with revenue and profits each rising from the same time a year ago.
We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely […]
Apple (AAPL) received a major reprieve recently from President Donald Trump, Schwab Network Commentator Jenny Horn suggested today. However, Horn also noted that Dan Ives, a well-known analyst for Wedbush Securities, is still warning that there is “mass confusion” about the outlook for U.S. tech names, while Big Tech “remains in flux.” But Horn asserted […]
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.