Title: New Jersey Democrats Warm Up to Crypto in Crowded Governor’s Race
Date: 2025-05-07 11:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jersey-democrats-warm-crypto-crowded-113000134.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Bloomberg) -- In this year’s hotly contested race for New Jersey governor, some Democratic hopefuls are embracing a strategy that helped propel Republican Donald Trump back to the White House: They support crypto, and they’re not afraid to say it.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance Center
NYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee Law
Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch
Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future
NJ Transit Strike Would Be ‘Disaster’ for Region, Sherrill Says
At least half of the six candidates vying for the Democratic nomination have a history of backing efforts around cryptocurrencies, including US Representative Mikie Sherrill, who leads some polls in the primary race. Two others — Jersey City Mayor Steve Fulop and US Representative Josh Gottheimer — are actively talking up digital assets as part of their campaigns.
“Crypto is part of my platform,” Sherrill said in an interview. “It’s part of the economy, and we need to push into this space to understand how to move forward in the best possible way because it’s not going to go away.”
These Democrats are engaging with digital assets after an election year when Trump made supporting the industry a core part of his winning campaign and Republicans put crypto on the party platform. The industry is taking notice: Advocacy group Stand With Crypto is a sponsor of both Democratic and Republican primary debates later this month and is the exclusive sponsor of the events’ livestream, according to Meghan Pennington, communications director.
Digital-asset firms and related political action committees such as heavyweight Fairshake spent heavily in the 2024 cycle, with their efforts helping to turn certain races in favor of crypto-friendly candidates.
Trump made a number of crypto-specific promises ahead of his reelection — a contrast from the more combative stance taken by former President Joe Biden and prominent Democrats in Congress. Now, as crypto advocates gain more influence and the industry moves further into the mainstream, Democrats competing in the current round of big races have more incentive to show their credentials.
“The partisan divide in crypto has grown over the last couple of years, particularly in the last cycle, majorly as a reaction to what was happening in the Biden administration,” said Rashan A. Colbert, the Crypto Council for Innovation’s US policy director. “That opened up an opportunity for Republicans to take a leadership stance, but we’re seeing a bit of that level out in the coming cycle.”
From Sherrill’s perspective, crypto has become established enough that it can’t be ignored, despite what she called “bad aspects” around the largely unregulated industry, including potential conflicts of interest tied to Trump himself.
“That shouldn’t make Democrats say, ‘OK then, I’m anti-crypto,’” said Sherrill, who voted last year in favor of landmark legislation to help create a framework for setting crypto rules. “We should put more resources into the space to better regulate it.”
Big Field
New Jersey is one of only two states holding races for governor this year — Virginia is the other — and 11 candidates are now in the running to succeed Democratic Governor Phil Murphy, who is ineligible to seek reelection after serving two terms in the Garden State.
Crypto isn’t the only issue — or even the main one — in a race that will hinge more on mass transit and housing, as well as Trump. Still, it could serve as a differentiating factor for candidates as they make their case ahead of the June 10 primary. A spokesperson for Fairshake said the PAC hasn’t donated to any of the candidates’ gubernatorial campaigns.
With just weeks to go until the primary vote, the New Jersey race is relatively wide open, with a third of voters of either party still unsure of who they prefer, according to a Rutgers-Eagleton poll released last month. Jack Ciattarelli, a former New Jersey state legislator and the GOP’s 2021 gubernatorial candidate, is leading on the Republican side, while among Democrats it’s more of a tossup, with Sherrill and Fulop ahead in a tight field, the poll, taken in early April, revealed.
Ciattarelli’s campaign didn’t respond to a request for comment on his views about crypto, nor did the campaigns of the three Democrats who are competing against Sherrill, Fulop and Gottheimer.
Fulop has been involved in crypto since around 2018 with personal investments in Bitcoin and Ether, he said in an interview. If elected governor, he would expose a portion of the state’s pension fund to crypto, as he did while mayor of Jersey City. Last July, Fulop, a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. banker, announced that the Jersey City pension fund moved to update its paperwork with the Securities and Exchange Commission to allocate a percentage of the fund to Bitcoin exchange-traded funds.
For Gottheimer, crypto is part of a message about stoking economic growth in the state.
“New Jersey has a huge opportunity to be a leader in crypto,” said Gottheimer, who also backed crypto-friendly US legislation in the House and has received campaign funds from PACs tied to the industry. “I will be pushing very hard for us to both recruit more companies and jobs in the space.”
Gottheimer and Sherrill were two of 71 Democrats who voted in favor of last year’s Financial Innovation and Technology for the 21st Century Act. The legislation, which 208 Republicans voted for and three against, would help create rules for crypto. Sherrill and Gottheimer also voted for H.J. Res. 25, a bill that was passed into law this year that repeals an Internal Revenue Service rule that requires decentralized crypto exchanges to report tax information.
Long History
Gottheimer in particular has a history of supporting cryptocurrency legislation in Congress, which can be traced back to his co-sponsorship of the Token Taxonomy Act of 2019. In 2022, the New Jersey representative also drafted the Stablecoins Innovation and Protection Act, which aimed to create standards and definitions around stablecoins, a type of cryptocurrency pegged to the US dollar or other asset.
Last month, Gottheimer helped introduce the bipartisan-backed Stablecoin Transparency and Accountability for a Better Ledger Economy (STABLE) Act at a markup session for the bill. A similar bill in the Senate is facing headwinds after a group of Democrats threatened to block it unless changes were made.
“Stablecoins are a critical part of the growing digital asset ecosystem. We need rules to protect Jersey families as they invest in digital assets in America — instead of overseas,” Gottheimer said in a post on X earlier this year.
Gottheimer received $242,791 from crypto super PACs last election cycle, including from Fairshake, which spent $122,688 on Gottheimer’s run for the House in the 2024 cycle. Fairshake’s donors include Coinbase Global Inc., Ripple Labs, and Andreessen Horowitz.
Former Englewood Cliffs Mayor Mario Kranjac, a Republican candidate who is a Trump supporter, said he facilitated numerous transactions dealing with blockchain during his prior career as a lawyer. He doesn’t plan on making cryptocurrencies a part of his platform, though he said he is supportive of digital assets.
“We’ll support President Trump in terms of how he wants to develop the crypto market,” Kranjac said. “In terms of crypto as a fiat currency, we’re definitely not there yet, but it’s something we’re watching develop.”
Fulop said that beyond New Jersey’s governor race, having cryptocurrencies as part of a candidate’s platform in future elections will be key to getting support from younger voters.
“If you’re pragmatic about young people, you need to understand that both financially and politically, it’s important to understand what the crypto space is about,” Fulop said. “When Democrats say that they don’t want to be receptive to this, I think that’s foolish.”
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott
Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump
Why Juggling IVF With Work Can Be a Career Killer
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
The response of bitcoin prices to the destabilizing announcement of U.S. tariffs in April suggests the digital asset may be achieving one of its fundamental promises, says Hashdex’s Gerry O’Shea.
Your day-ahead look for May 7, 2025
On-chain data reveals rising confidence among both long- and short-term holders, with $99.9K flagged as a potential profit-taking zone.
On the U.S. exchange's online site for the documents obtained by Freedom of Information Act requests, it's illuminating some internal SEC discussions.
Tim Leissner is awaiting sentencing in U.S. after pleading guilty in 2018 for his role in the bribery scandal
"You shouldn’t have to sell the best-performing asset in human history to access cash. Now you don't have to," founder Jack Mallers wrote.
Bhutan has partnered with Binance Pay to introduce the world’s first national-level tourism crypto payment system.
New Hampshire is the first state to approve purchases of digital assets by its state treasurer. Bills have surfaced in other states but have lost steam.
Bailey, who advised President Donald Trump on crypto policy during his 2024 presidential campaign, is reportedly raising $300 million to buy bitcoin.
On April 21, 2025, Upexi stock surged more than 850% after GSR, a crypto trading firm, announced a $100 million private investment in public equity into the company. Upexi finalized the private...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.