Title: Gold Climbs to Record as Expanding Trade War Aids Haven Demand
Date: 2025-04-16 06:20:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-climbs-record-expanding-trade-000033810.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) — Gold (GC=F) rose to a fresh high as US President Donald Trump ordered a probe that could open up a new front in the global trade war, sparking another retreat from equities and a move toward haven assets. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing Bullion gained as much as 1.89% on Wednesday to climb above $3,291 an ounce for the first time, surpassing the previous all-time peak set on Monday. Traders were whiplashed again by a slew of tariff headlines, with Trump launching an investigation into the need for levies on critical minerals. The precious metal has climbed more than 20% this year and hit a series of record highs as the escalating trade war creates anxiety over a possible global recession and as investors struggle to take long-term positions due to the unpredictability of tariff announcements from Washington. On Tuesday, Trump called on China to reach out to him to kick off trade negotiations after Beijing ordered airlines not to take further deliveries of Boeing Co. jets. The US administration also announced this week investigations into semiconductors and pharmaceutical imports, after placing sector-specific tariffs on steel and aluminum, automobiles and car parts. It also said it is negotiating with dozens of other trading partners to lower trade barriers in exchange for relief on higher duties. Leading banks remain optimistic about gold’s prospects over the coming quarters as investors add to holdings in gold-backed exchange-traded funds and central banks continue to accumulate the metal. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is forecasting that prices will rally to $4,000 an ounce by mid-2026. “The power struggle between major countries will continue,” said Luchen Wang, a Shanghai-based analyst at Galaxy Futures Co. “Gold’s appeal as a safe-haven asset means it’s more likely to rise than fall in the near- to medium-term.” Traders are also betting there will be at least three Federal Reserve rate cuts this year. Monetary easing is generally positive for the precious metal. Gold was up 1.84% to $3,289.91 an ounce as of 2:15 p.m. Singapore time. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell. Silver gained, while palladium and platinum edged lower. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) -- Oil fell for a second day as wider markets turned lower and expectations increased for a glut because of the escalating trade war between the world’s two biggest economies.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingBrent crude traded near $64 a barrel, with West Inflation eased back last month, paving the way for interest rate cuts as economists said “Storm Donald” would limit price rises but hurt growth. LONDON (Reuters) -Heineken reported forecast-beating first-quarter sales on Wednesday and maintained its annual guidance but warned of ongoing volatility caused by uncertainty about the levels and scope of global tariffs.  Shares in the world's second-largest brewer by global volumes rose 2.8% in early trade as investors welcomed another quarter of delivery after Heineken cheered investors with its 2024 performance in February.  Some shareholders have in the past criticised Heineken for volatility in its results. (Reuters) -ASML, the world's biggest supplier of computer chip-making equipment, said on Wednesday that tariffs were increasing uncertainty around its outlook for 2025 and 2026, but stood by its annual guidance as the race for AI rages on.  CEO Christophe Fouquet said his conversations with customers supported ASML's expectations that 2025 and 2026 would be growth years.  "However, the recent tariff announcements have increased uncertainty in the macro environment," Fouquet said in a statement. KLA (KLAC) closed at $676.21 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.93% move from the prior day. Nvidia did not warn at least some major customers in advance about new U.S. export rules it was told about a week ago requiring it to obtain licenses to sell its China-focused artificial intelligence chip, according to two sources familiar with the matter.  The U.S. chipmaker disclosed on Tuesday that American officials had informed the company on April 9 that its H20 chip would require an export license for sales to China.  The move to restrict H20 shipments marks Washington's latest effort to limit China's access to advanced semiconductors, as the United States seeks to maintain its edge in AI technology. The decision raises questions about the country's commitment to reducing coal usage up to 2030. Google will require European crypto ads to follow MiCA rules, raising compliance hurdles for smaller exchanges. On April 8 United Wholesale Mortgage announced a partnership with Google AI The mortgage lender plans to use Google Cloud services to automate underwriting and streamline document handling According to UWM, the partnership has already allowed them to more than double their output United Wholesale Mortgage (NYSE:UWMC), the top mortgage lender in the country, announced an AI partnership with Google Cloud on April 8. The goal of the partnership, according to the two companies, is to bring moderniza China appointed a new trade negotiator Wednesday in the midst of its tariff fight with the U.S.  The government said Li Chenggang replaces Wang Shouwen, who participated in negotiations for the 2020 trade deal between the China and the U.S.  China faces 145% taxes on exports to the U.S., while dozens of other countries were given a 90-day reprieve for most duties. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.