Title: Goldman Sachs cuts aluminium price forecast on weaker growth outlook
Date: 2025-04-14 14:29
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-cuts-aluminium-price-142952200.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
(Reuters) - Goldman Sachs on Monday reduced its forecast for aluminium prices this year after its economists downgraded global growth forecasts including for the U.S. and China following the Trump administration's move to sharply increase tariffs.
"We now expect the aluminium price to fall to a monthly average low of $2,000 (per metric ton) in Q3 2025," the bank said in a note.
Goldman expects prices to rebound to $2,300 per metric ton (/t) by December 2025, compared to its earlier forecast of $2,650/t. London Metals Exchange (LME) aluminium was trading at around $2,392/t as of 1300 GMT on Monday.
U.S. President Donald Trump has imposed or floated plans for a series of global tariffs since his return to office, including 25% tariffs on steel, aluminium and auto parts alongside major tariffs on Mexico, Canada and China.
Aluminium, a lightweight and corrosion-resistant metal, plays a critical role across industries including transportation, packaging, and electronics.
Trump said on Sunday that he would be announcing the tariff rate on imported semiconductors this week.
Goldman also forecast a global aluminium market surplus of 580,000 tons in 2025, versus its previous forecast of a 76,000 tons deficit.
It attributed this to a downward revision to its global total aluminium demand growth forecast to 1.1% year-on-year in 2025 and 2.3% in 2026, as the bank expects a hit from weaker global GDP growth. Previously it had expected demand growth of 2.6% this year and 2.4% in 2026.
Goldman said it still expects aluminium prices to go up after 2025, but not as much as it estimated before, as the extra supply built up during 2025–2026 will help soften the rise.
According to the note, aluminium prices will be at $2,720/t by December 2026, instead of $3,100 forecast previously, and average around $2,800 per ton in 2027, when Goldman sees the market entering a 722,000 tons deficit.
(Reporting by Anjana Anil and Brijesh Patel in Bengaluru; Editing by Kirsten Donovan and Andrea Ricci)
LONDON (AP) — Social media company Meta said Monday that it will start using publicly available content from European users to train its artificial intelligence models, resuming work put on hold last year after activists raised concerns about data privacy.
FLINT — Just north of downtown Flint, Mich., a two-story red brick building known as Factory One sits as just one reminder of the rich history here of the American automobile industry.
Turbulence unleashed by President Donald Trump's tariffs could rock global shipments of shrimp to the United States, with exporters in biggest supplier India saying they endanger 2,000 containers packed with the frozen delicacy.  But Ecuador, thousands of kilometres nearer to the United States faces a lower tariff rate and stands to benefit, the exporters say, as shrimp is its most important export after oil.  India's shrimp industry is staring at a tariff of 26% under Trump's July plan, which threatens a thriving $7-billion seafood export market heavily reliant on U.S. supermarket chains such as Walmart and Kroger as buyers look to renegotiate rates.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Nvidia announced Monday that it will produce its artificial intelligence super computers in the United States for the first time.
LONDON (Reuters) -OPEC cut its 2025 global oil demand growth forecast on Monday for the first time since December, citing the impact of data received for the first quarter and trade tariffs announced by the United States.  The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, in a monthly report, said world oil demand would rise by 1.30 million barrels per day in 2025 and by 1.28 million bpd in 2026.  Both forecasts are down 150,000 bpd from last month's figures.
(Reuters) -Apple took the top spot for global smartphone sales in the first quarter on the back of the iPhone 16e's launch and strong demand in countries such as Japan and India, data from Counterpoint Research showed on Monday.  Apple had 19% of the smartphone market, despite flat or declining sales in the U.S., Europe and China, followed by Samsung with 18% of the market, according to Counterpoint.  The data suggests iPhone demand remains strong in emerging markets, even as sales struggle in China due to competition from local players such as Huawei and a lack of AI features.
(Reuters) -Global technology shares rose on Monday after the U.S. exempted electronics such as smartphones and computer hardware from its reciprocal tariffs on China, but with President Donald Trump promising tariffs on the chips sector as soon as next week, the relief around how companies will manage their supply chains could be interrupted again.  Big Tech shares have slumped in the past two weeks along with the broader market as tit-for-tat tariffs between Washington and Beijing stoked fears of higher component costs, softer consumer demand and the worst supply-chain disruption since the COVID-19 pandemic.  Trump's aggressive tariffs also led investors to rapidly sell the U.S. dollar and Treasury bonds, as investors started to question the safe-haven status of those two assets.
Tech stocks have grown exponentially in the past two years, with 2023 being a banner year for the sector.  The Nasdaq 100 technology sector index rose nearly 7% in 2024, having soared 66.7% the year before.  The use of artificial intelligence has also boosted attention towards the sector, with venture funding firms keen on financing companies leveraging the technology.
President Donald Trump bitterly attacked “60 Minutes” shortly after the CBS newsmagazine broadcast stories on Ukraine and Greenland on Sunday, saying the network was out of control and should “pay a big price” for going after him.
Spiking yields are credited with forcing the president's stunning about-face on tariffs. Here's why bonds are boss
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.