Title: Cisco Systems (CSCO)_ Among the Top Goldman Sachs Value Stocks
Date: 2025-04-15 19:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cisco-systems-csco-among-top-194439276.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in.
As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading at significant premiums, which is why investment firms advise investors to concentrate on value stocks. Near the end of March 2025, artificial intelligence stocks that had taken the market over by storm faced losses, while undervalued stocks gained momentum. Similarly, hedge fund managers believe that now is the time to invest in value stocks, with cheap equities available across all industries. Banks, energy, consumer durables, healthcare, and media companies offer lucrative investment opportunities.
So, what is value investing? Matthew Fine, portfolio manager at Third Avenue Management, describes it as identifying companies trading at a notable discount to a conservative estimate of their true value. These opportunities often arise when a business, industry, or region faces challenges that cause investors to overreact and assume current difficulties will persist long-term. This pessimism creates chances to invest at attractive valuations. While broader equity markets currently appear overvalued, largely driven by the United States, Third Avenue sees overlooked value in many individual companies. Despite a rocky economy, the fund manager believes many quality businesses have become even cheaper, offering compelling opportunities for patient investors. However, the key is to avoid buying a company that seems cheap just because it has temporary advantages that might not last.
Warren Buffett is the king of value investing, and back in 2023, he commented in his annual shareholder meeting that “what gives you opportunities is other people doing dumb things”. Buffett’s Berkshire picks up stocks when others are panic-selling their holdings, and although the Oracle of Omaha understands that the world is rapidly changing, he still sees several value investing opportunities.
Overall, the stock market is in mayhem because of the uncertainty brought on by US trade wars and tariffs. However, institutional investors like Goldman Sachs align with the market perspective and have a thriving $634 billion portfolio. So, let’s take a look at the top Goldman Sachs value stocks.
Engineers using the latest Cisco TelePresence technology to collaborate with colleagues around the world.
To compile our list of Goldman Sachs' top value stock picks, we searched the investment firm’s Q4 2024 portfolio, starting from the top and assessing the PE ratios as of April 11. From there, we chose the top 12 stocks with PE ratios of 25 or under as Goldman Sachs' value picks. We have also mentioned the Q4 2024 hedge fund sentiment around the holdings for further insight. The list is ranked in ascending order of Goldman Sachs’ stake value.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Goldman Sachs' Q4 2024 Stake Value: $1,760,497,076
P/E Ratio as of April 11: 23.33
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 84
Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) is a California-based designer and manufacturer of IP-based networking and communications products. Cisco offers solutions such as campus and data center switching, enterprise routing, and wireless products for effortless voice, video, and data connectivity to customers worldwide. The company also specializes in advanced security solutions like network protection, identity and access management, and threat detection, as well as collaboration tools like the Webex Suite. Goldman Sachs owns a $1.76 billion stake in the company as of Q4 2024, making it one of the top Goldman Sachs value stocks.
On March 18, Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) and NVIDIA announced a partnership where they launched a new AI factory architecture that prioritizes security. The Cisco Secure AI Factory is made to help businesses develop and grow their AI technology easily and safely. It combines Cisco’s strong security tools, like Hypershield and AI Defense, with NVIDIA’s high-speed networking technology, Spectrum-X. This will offer businesses a safe, flexible, and simple way to create and manage AI systems without losing performance or protection.
On February 12, Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) declared a quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share, up 3% compared to the last quarter. The dividend will be paid on April 23, to shareholders listed by April 3. Cisco’s board also approved a $15 billion boost to its share repurchase program, bringing the total available for buybacks to around $17 billion.
According to Insider Monkey’s fourth quarter database, 84 hedge funds were long Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), up from 60 funds in the prior quarter. Peter Rathjens, Bruce Clarke, and John Campbell’s Arrowstreet Capital is the biggest stakeholder of the company, with 13.8 million shares valued at $821.7 million.
Overall, CSCO ranks 12th among the Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. While we acknowledge the potential of value stocks, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CSCO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Middle Coast Investing, an investment advisor firm, released its first-quarter investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Middle Coast Investing had a difficult but manageable first quarter, but everyone has suffered since the Liberation Day crash at the beginning of the second quarter. To manage the volatility, the firm decided to […]
Pentair (PNR) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Investors need to pay close attention to Pentair (PNR) stock based on the movements in the options market lately.
Here's what is still in effect after this week's 90-day pause on "reciprocal" tariffs.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the […]
Canada said that automakers will be allowed to continue to import a certain number of US-made cars and trucks, tariff-free, provided they keep manufacturing vehicles in the country. Keith Naughton reports on Bloomberg Television.
Speaking on the company’s earnings call, Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon said in part: “I would I would say the level of uncertainty is up significantly and it’s partially up because growth was slowing down before we got to the implementation of trade policy” and the implementation of trade policy reset the prospect of forward growth “pretty significantly all over the world.” Solomon added: “I would say that when you get outside of the U.S. and I listened to CEOs, I hear a greater sense of
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on […]
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.