Is Exxon Mobil (XOM) Among The Top Goldman Sachs Value Stocks_
2025-04-16 19-36
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-xom-among-top-193647843.html?.tsrc=rss
We recently published a list ofGoldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks.In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in.
As we recentlydiscussedin another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading at significant premiums, which is why investment firms advise investors to concentrate on value stocks. Near the end of March 2025, artificial intelligence stocks that had taken the market over by storm faced losses, while undervalued stocks gained momentum. Similarly, hedge fund managers believe that now is the time to invest in value stocks, with cheap equities available across all industries. Banks, energy, consumer durables, healthcare, and media companies offer lucrative investment opportunities.
So, what is value investing? Matthew Fine, portfolio manager at Third Avenue Management, describes it as identifying companies trading at a notable discount to a conservative estimate of their true value. These opportunities often arise when a business, industry, or region faces challenges that cause investors to overreact and assume current difficulties will persist long-term. This pessimism creates chances to invest at attractive valuations. While broader equity markets currently appear overvalued, largely driven by the United States, Third Avenue sees overlooked value in many individual companies. Despite a rocky economy, the fund manager believes many quality businesses have become even cheaper, offering compelling opportunities for patient investors. However, the key is to avoid buying a company that seems cheap just because it has temporary advantages that might not last.
Warren Buffett is the king of value investing, and back in 2023, he commented in his annual shareholder meeting that “what gives you opportunities is other people doing dumb things”. Buffett’sBerkshirepicks up stocks when others are panic-selling their holdings, and although the Oracle of Omaha understands that the world is rapidly changing, he still sees several value investing opportunities.
Overall, the stock market is in mayhem because of the uncertainty brought on by US trade wars and tariffs. However, institutional investors like Goldman Sachs align with the market perspective and have a thriving $634 billion portfolio.
Aerial view of a major oil rig in the middle of the sea, pumping crude oil.
To compile our list of Goldman Sachs' top value stock picks, we searched the investment firm’s Q4 2024 portfolio, starting from the top and assessing the PE ratios as of April 11. From there, we chose the top 12 stocks with PE ratios of 25 or under as Goldman Sachs' value picks. We have also mentioned the Q4 2024 hedge fund sentiment around the holdings for further insight. The list is ranked in ascending order of Goldman Sachs’ stake value.