Goldman’s Solomon Says Markets to ‘Settle Down’ After Chaos
2025-04-29 12-44
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-solomon-says-markets-settle-102437172.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Chief Executive Officer David Solomon said he believed that activity in mergers and public listings will find a comfortable level despite uncertainty that’s led to a slowdown across investment banks.
Most Read from Bloomberg
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
At Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black History
At the National Public Housing Museum, an Embattled Idea Finds a Home
“If the level of uncertainty grows from here, yes, you will not see the same amount of capital activity — but things will settle down,” Solomon said in an interview with Bloomberg Television’s Francine Lacqua on Tuesday. “People need to transact, need to raise capital, need liquidity for their investments. Part of this is just a reset of expectations.”
The banking executive cautioned that the current level of policy certainty was unhealthy for public and private markets, in which his company has growing stakes. In the interview, conducted in Oslo before the annual investment conference of Norway’s sovereign wealth fund, Solomon warned that layoffs are likely to rise as corporate executives make expense management a key priority for the year.
“The policy actions to date have raised the level of uncertainty to a degree I do not think is healthy for investment and growth,” said Solomon. “As I am talking to CEOs, talking to our clients, they are holding back on investment and they are certainly tightening their belts.”
While the second quarter is off to a softer start and many IPOs are on pause, Solomon isn’t ready to call time on the industry’s hopes for a rebound in merger activity sometime later this year or next year. He noted that private equity dealmaking and the number of mergers that were over $500 million in size actually increased in the first quarter.
“Capital markets activity was up year-over-year in the first quarter,” Solomon said. “If the level of uncertainy grows from here, yes you won’t see the same amount of capital markets activity. But my own belief is things will settle down, we’ll have a clearer policy perspective and some normalization of capital markets.”
While deal activity has remained lower than expected so far this year, banks’ trading desks have profited from the uncertainty in public markets: Goldman’s stock traders posted a record quarter for the first three months of this year, mirroring a trend across Wall Street.
Solomon, who said he was encouraged by what he was hearing from the US Treasury on easing banking regulation there, also weighed in on regulation in Europe, where a major stimulus package in Germany has improved hopes for growth in the region as US markets lag behind.
The finance executive said he was hopeful that officials in Brussels would roll back regulation that’s prevented cohesive growth in capital markets and consolidation in the banking sector.
“I definitely take away a sense of resolve, of excitement, about actually moving forward, breaking down some of the regulatory barriers that have been inhibitions to growth here, and that would be quite constructive,” he said, referring to Europe. “More stimulative fiscal action here would also be good for growth.”
--With assistance from Francine Lacqua.
(Updates with more quotes from the interview beginning in fifth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Foreign investor appetite for U.S. dollar assets may wane unless the currency depreciates further, said Goldman Sachs' chief economist, cautioning that a downward trajectory is expected even in the absence of a meaningful economic slowdown.  "The dollar is still very highly valued ... I expect foreign investors to be less willing to keep adding to the U.S. share on their portfolios," said Jan Hatzius in an interview.  But with the U.S. asset share of foreign investor portfolios already at high levels, it will be difficult to sustain funding needs without a dollar depreciation, he said.
US stock market reached an all-time peak in December 2024, and will never reach those highs again, says Christopher Wood, Global Head of Equity Strategy at Jefferies. Instead, investors should buy European, Chinese, Japanese, and Indian equities. Woods spoke on "The Pulse with Francine Lacqua" on Bloomberg TV.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.
Here are the essential steps for stock traders to get from start to finish.