Title: Goldman (GS) Q1 Earnings: How Key Metrics Compare to Wall Street Estimates
Date: 2025-04-14 13:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-gs-q1-earnings-key-133003478.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
For the quarter ended March 2025, Goldman Sachs (GS) reported revenue of $15.06 billion, up 6% over the same period last year. EPS came in at $14.12, compared to $11.58 in the year-ago quarter.
The reported revenue compares to the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $15.02 billion, representing a surprise of +0.27%. The company delivered an EPS surprise of +11.09%, with the consensus EPS estimate being $12.71.
While investors scrutinize revenue and earnings changes year-over-year and how they compare with Wall Street expectations to determine their next move, some key metrics always offer a more accurate picture of a company's financial health.
Since these metrics play a crucial role in driving the top- and bottom-line numbers, comparing them with the year-ago numbers and what analysts estimated about them helps investors better project a stock's price performance.
Here is how Goldman performed in the just reported quarter in terms of the metrics most widely monitored and projected by Wall Street analysts:
Book Value Per Share: $344.20 versus $343.93 estimated by five analysts on average.
Assets Under Supervision (AUS) - Total: $3,173 billion versus $3,187.21 billion estimated by three analysts on average.
Standardized Capital Rules - Common equity tier 1 capital ratio: 14.8% versus 15% estimated by three analysts on average.
Leverage ratio: 5.5% versus the two-analyst average estimate of 5.5%.
Net Revenues- Global Banking & Markets- FICC: $4.40 billion versus the five-analyst average estimate of $4.57 billion. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of +1.9%.
Net Revenues- Asset & Wealth Management- Equity investments: -$5 million versus the five-analyst average estimate of $85 million. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of -102.3%.
Net Revenues- Platform Solutions- Consumer platforms: $611 million versus $621.01 million estimated by five analysts on average. Compared to the year-ago quarter, this number represents a -1.1% change.
Net Revenues- Global Banking & Markets- Equities: $4.19 billion versus $3.76 billion estimated by five analysts on average. Compared to the year-ago quarter, this number represents a +26.6% change.
Net Revenues- Asset & Wealth Management- Private banking and lending: $725 million versus the five-analyst average estimate of $750.74 million. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of +6.3%.
Net Revenues- Platform Solutions- Transaction banking and other: $65 million versus the five-analyst average estimate of $74.15 million. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of -18.8%.
Net Revenues- Global Banking & Markets- Advisory: $792 million versus the four-analyst average estimate of $954.62 million. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of -21.7%.
Net Revenues- Asset & Wealth Management- Total: $3.68 billion versus the four-analyst average estimate of $3.85 billion. The reported number represents a year-over-year change of -2.9%.
View all Key Company Metrics for Goldman here>>>Shares of Goldman have returned -8.7% over the past month versus the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -3.6% change. The stock currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), indicating that it could perform in line with the broader market in the near term.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Goldman (GS) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 11.09% and 0.27%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
GS first quarter 2025 results reflect a rise in the Global Banking & Markets division, with record Equity trading revenues.
Despite the tariff respite, investors shouldn't assume it is back to business as usual for Apple. The iPhone maker's valuation multiple will need to take into account the incredible leverage the Trump administration now has over the company.
A day after President Trump and administration officials warned about looming tariffs on semiconductors and other tech products, Nvidia said it will work with chip manufacturers and packaging firms to make supercomputers that power artificial intelligence entirely in the U.S.  The company says it will be the first time AI supercomputers are completely built domestically.  Tech-industry analysts have warned that Trump’s tariffs will weaken the U.S. in its AI race with China.
Zai Lab Limited (ZLAB) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions could translate into further price increase in the near term.
Goldman Sachs earnings beat Q1 views as global banking revenue offset declines elsewhere. The Dow giant was cautious on Q2. But GS stock rose.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.