Title: Top Stock Picks for Week of April 7, 2025
Date: 2025-04-08 19:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-stock-picks-week-april-193000174.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) is a leading global financial holding company providing IB, securities, investment management, and consumer banking services to a diversified client base. Shares of Goldman have outperformed the industry in the past year. Its refocus on the core strengths of IB and trading businesses through restructuring initiatives will boost its presence in overseas markets. The company's decent cash levels and solid credit profile will support capital distribution moves. Goldman has a solid balance sheet position. In terms of dividend growth, the company's current annualized dividend from last year. Goldman Sachs has increased its dividend 4 times on a year-over-year basis over the last 5 years for an average annual increase of 24.53%. Goldman Sachs is expected to deliver a year-over-year increase in earnings on higher revenues when it reports results for the quarter ended March 2025. Its earnings surpassed estimates in each of the trailing four quarters. Moreover, the company's strategic acquisitions and expansion in private equity credit line will help diversify the fee-revenue base and offer top-line stability for the company. GameStop Corp. (GME) is the world's largest video game retailer. GameStop has outpaced the industry in the past year. The company has been progressing well in its growth endeavors while maintaining a solid balance sheet. GameStop looks comfortable from the liquidity point of view. It has been taking initiatives to diversify its business and become a more technology-driven firm. GameStop has also been pursuing opportunities in cryptocurrency, non-fungible tokens and Web 3.0 gaming verticals. This reduction in operational costs reflects management's commitment to improving efficiency and streamlining business operations. Moreover, GameStop improved its debt position by reducing its net long-term debt to $6.6 million at the end of the fourth quarter from $17.7 million in the last year period. GameStop has entered into a multi-year strategic deal with Microsoft to provide customers with enhanced digital solutions. At this writing, the stock is up 8.34% over the past four weeks, and no earnings estimate has gone lower in the past two months, compared to 1 higher, for fiscal 2025. The consensus estimate has moved up as well. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report GameStop Corp. (GME) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research GS is set to report first-quarter 2025 earnings. We assess the factors influencing its performance and how investors should play this stock now. Monness Crespi lowered the firm’s price target on Remitly Global (RELY) to $30 from $35 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. Remitly is better capitalized than peers in terms of structure and can withstand pain and continue growth even if global remit volumes decline, the analyst tells investors. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> See the top stocks recommended by analysts >> Read More on RELY: Remitly Global price tar Morgan Stanley (MS) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations. AMC Entertainment's focus on premium formats, ongoing theater upgrades and customer experience enhancements position it well for growth. Monness Crespi lowered the firm’s price target on American Express (AXP) to $275 from $355 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. While the potential for continued multiple contraction, the stock’s valuation is “now near median,” the analyst tells investors in a research note. The firm believes use of the credit card combined with a “much better balance sheet funding mix-wise” provide comfort in continuing to recommend the shares. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, mar We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Under $10 that Will Triple. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Gossamer Bio, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOSS) stands against other stocks under $10 that will triple. As we delve into the discussion on stocks that will triple, we must shed light on the […] We came across a bullish thesis on Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII) on Substack by Student of Value. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on HII. Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII)’s share was trading at $187.54 as of April 8th. HII’s trailing and forward P/E were 13.43 and 13.18 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. […] We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Under $10 that Will Triple. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Vir Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:VIR) stands against other stocks under $10 that will triple. As we delve into the discussion on stocks that will triple, we must shed light on the […] The Wall Street trader shares his thoughts on TJX Cos. We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Under $10 that Will Triple. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nuvation Bio Inc. (NYSE:NUVB) stands against other stocks under $10 that will triple. As we delve into the discussion on stocks that will triple, we must shed light on the […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
