Title: Xi’s No. 2 Says China Is Equipped to Fight Trump’s Tariff Hikes
Date: 2025-04-08 18:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/xi-no-2-says-china-185544154.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Chinese Premier Li Qiang said his country has ample policy tools to “fully offset” any negative external shocks, and reiterated his optimism about the growth of the world’s second-largest economy in 2025, despite the latest tariff threat from US President Donald Trump. Most Read from Bloomberg The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up During a call with European Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen on Tuesday, Li said China’s macroeconomic policies this year have fully taken account of various uncertainties, according to an official readout. Beijing is strongly confident about maintaining the country’s healthy and sustainable economic growth, added Li — China’s No. 2 official, after President Xi Jinping. The China-EU call came hours before both economies are set to be hit by Trump’s so-called reciprocal tariffs. While Europe faces an added 20% levy, China is in line for a massive surtax of totaling 104% starting 12:01 a.m. April 9. A US official told Bloomberg Tuesday the administration is indeed moving forward with that more-than-doubling plan. Li criticized the punitive action on all American trading partners as a typical example of unilateralism, protectionism and economic coercion. He added that China’s firm response is not only to safeguard its own interests but also to defend international trade rules. “Protectionism leads nowhere — openness and cooperation are the right path for all,” Li told Von der Leyen. Hollywood Ban? China’s premier also urged the EU to strengthen communication with Beijing and expand mutual opening up, adding that both sides should push for a new round of high-level dialogue on strategic cooperation and trade, as well as on green and digital developments as soon as possible. Xi’s government has pledged to retaliate against Washington’s “reciprocal” levies. In an illustration of the potential response, two influential Chinese bloggers on Tuesday posted an identical set of measures that authorities are mulling to hit back at the US, including duties on American farm goods and a ban on Hollywood movies. In Washington, Trump claimed that “China also wants to make a deal, badly,” and said he’s waiting for Beijing’s call. Later, White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt told a press conference that the president “will be gracious” if China’s leadership reaches out. The impact of the US tariff hikes diminishes with each ratcheting up, according to analysis by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. economists. While an initial 50% surtax slashes China’s GDP by 1.5 percentage points, a further 50% increase cuts by only 0.9 percentage points, the bank’s economists including Andrew Tilton and Hui Shan wrote in a note. (Adds comments from US official on the implementation of tariffs on China and Goldman Sachs comments.) ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. On Saturday, Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick said that Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhones could soon be made in the U.S. as part of President Donald Trump's push to bring manufacturing back to American soil. What Happened: In an appearance on CBS's Face the Nation, Lutnick said that Trump's tariffs would incentivize companies to move their production to the U.S., reducing reliance on overseas factories. "The army of millions and millions of human beings screwing in little screws to make iPhone US benchmark equity indexes declined on Tuesday as a morning rally fizzled amid news surfacing that There's some infighting among President Donald Trump's top advisers. Elon Musk called trade counselor&nbsp;Peter Navarro&nbsp;a "moron" and said he is "dumber than a sack of bricks" in a series of social media posts. Bloomberg's Ed Ludlow reports on what could be causing this riff. BERLIN (Reuters) -Volkswagen Group's sales of battery-electric cars more than doubled in Europe in the first quarter but fell by over a third in China, data showed on Wednesday, in a sign of the automaker's diverging fortunes in the electric car market.  In a reversal of fortunes for Volkswagen and EV maker Tesla, Volkswagen vehicles made up seven of the ten bestselling models in Germany in the quarter, according to data from the KBA motor authority, while Tesla's Model Y dropped to seventh in the rankings from first after sales fell nearly 70%.  Tesla's market share has shrunk even as the rest of the EV market picks up, as controversy over CEO Elon Musk's support for far-right politicians and an ageing model line-up has stymied sales. The S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) has declined nearly 19% from the record high it reached mere weeks ago.  Since 1987, the American Association of Individual Investors (AAII) has conducted weekly surveys that measure market sentiment.  The participants are asked a simple question: Do you feel the direction of the stock market over the next six months will be up (bullish), no change (neutral), or down (bearish)? Beijing, feeling boxed into a corner by the United States' intensifying tariff assault on China and any country that buys or assembles Chinese goods, is bracing for an economic war of attrition.  Washington last week imposed import tariffs of at least 10% on almost the entire world, and much higher levies on countries such as Vietnam, where Chinese factories have been shifting production.  This drew retaliation from China, followed by new threats of escalation from U.S. President Donald Trump. IBM stock gained in a bounce-back day for tech stocks. The computing giant is launching an AI-focused update to its mainframe. With home prices on the rise, stubbornly high mortgage rates and tariff-related uncertainty, here are some options if you’re in the market for a new home. (Bloomberg) -- The tariff-induced shock unleashed on markets in recent days has been so ferocious that even some of Wall Street’s fastest and most tech-savvy investors have been unable to escape.Most Read from BloombergThe Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World NeedsTrump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, HousingThis Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One SideIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapBoston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump SEC tells court to reject surprise Ripple filing from man it previously sued, calling it improper, unnecessary, and out of bounds. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
