Title: Rebound in US Stocks Meets Skepticism as Rally Chasers Pour In
Date: 2025-04-08 13:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/rebound-us-stocks-meets-skepticism-133108161.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- US stocks soared Tuesday after the biggest three-day rout in five years, fueled by the most oversold conditions since the depths of the pandemic and optimism the Trump administration will water down its harsh tariff regime. Most Read from Bloomberg The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up The S&P 500 Index jumped 3.34% as of 9:31 a.m. in New York, heading for its best day since November 2022. The cash index shed more than $5 trillion in three days, with Monday’s lows taking it more than 20% from its latest record. Rumors of a possible tariff delay sparked a massive rebound before the index found support at 5,000. Treasuries also reversed a rally, with the 10-year yield pushing back above 4%. “It’s a normal reflexive bounce you tend to see after plunging into oversold territory so quickly,” said Kevin Gordon, senior investment strategist at Charles Schwab & Co. “We’re in an environment of extreme volatility, and that counts both the downside and upside.” Follow The Big Take daily podcast wherever you listen. The Cboe Volatility Index soared past 50 Monday and was still near 40 early Tuesday, well above its long-term average. More than 29 billion shares exchanged hands in yesterday’s wild ride. While stocks looked set to recover some Tuesday, the S&P 500 Index still remains 15% off its Feb. 19 peak. The 14-day relative strength index sank to 23 Monday — its lowest since 2020 and well below levels that historically suggest the S&P 500 is ripe for a bounce. Tuesday’s relief rally has forced big-money speculators to unwind bearish bets in droves as oversold stocks recovered, leaving many scrambling to unwind short positions, according hedge-fund manager Jim Roppel, founder of Roppel Capital Management. “This rebound feels very much like a telltale sign of a short squeeze,” Roppel said by phone. “But things are so brutally oversold it makes perfect sense for stocks to rally.” Adding to optimism Tuesday were comments from Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, who said there’s the potential for advantageous trade deals with major US trading partners. “I’ve seen the call list at the White House, and it’s substantial — we were having a discussion last night about which countries to prioritize,” Bessent said on CNBC Tuesday. “You are going to see some very large countries with large trade deficits come forward very quickly.” China, however, was not among them, with Beijing saying late Monday it is prepared to “fight to the end.” Japan looks set to get priority in talks to roll back President Donald Trump’s duties, which are scheduled to kick in at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday. “The market is setup for a relief rally, while the ex-China headlines point to negotiations with Japan driving markets more than the retaliation risks with China and the European Union,” Andrew Tyler, head of global market intelligence at JPMorgan Chase & Co., wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. The chances of the stock market staging a tactical rebound have increased after the recent selloff, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. strategists including Tony SK Lee. Market technicians are monitoring The Arms Index, also called TRIN, an indicator that tracks the relationship between the number of stocks increasing or decreasing in price and the volume associated with those stocks. Readings below 0.5 suggests more demand for stocks and dictates how oversold the market is, while readings above 2.0 are a sign that investors are dumping equities and that stocks are overbought. On Monday, it fell to 0.47, helping drive a short-term bounce for equities. After hedge funds sold global stocks Thursday by the most since the first half of 2020, the group, along with long-only funds, were both net buyers Monday at $1.5 billion — the highest buy skew for hedge funds since January, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. That comes after bets against the world’s largest exchange-traded fund — the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) — climbed to the highest since December on Monday. --With assistance from Norah Mulinda. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US With Shake Shack in First Class, Airline Food Is No Longer a Joke India’s Destination Weddings Fuel a New Tourist Economy ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. The administration has disappointed Wall Street amid the stock market’s avoidable tailspin. If you're a dividend investor, now can be an ideal time to go bargain-hunting.  The stock market is in the midst of a broad sell-off, with investors dumping all types of stocks, both bad ones and good ones.  Three dividend stocks that are near their 52-week lows and which may make for solid income-generating investments are Pfizer (NYSE: PFE), Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), and Rogers Communications (NYSE: RCI). Real estate investment trusts, or REITs, aren't well known for their volatility, and as a group, they tend to be more resilient than the typical S&P 500 company during tough times.  The S&P 500 is down by roughly 12% as of this writing, since President Trump's tariff plan was announced, but the real estate sector is down by less than 10%.  Industrial real estate giant Prologis (NYSE: PLD) has fallen by 17% since the tariffs were announced, and although there are certainly some valid concerns, the fact remains that this is a rock-solid REIT with a bright future, currently trading at a discount. China and Russia are now using Bitcoin to settle energy trades, signaling broader shift away from U.S.-led financial systems. There's some infighting among President Donald Trump's top advisers. Elon Musk called trade counselor&nbsp;Peter Navarro&nbsp;a "moron" and said he is "dumber than a sack of bricks" in a series of social media posts. Bloomberg's Ed Ludlow reports on what could be causing this riff. The S&P 500 dropped 5% from its intraday high on April 8. Physically backed gold exchange-traded funds (ETFs) registered the largest quarterly inflow in three years in January-March, 2025, data from the World Gold Council (WGC) showed on Tuesday.  Investors seeking shelter from political and economic volatility were moving into gold ETFs, which store bullion for investors, in the first quarter.  A global trade war, sparked by U.S. President Donald Trump, intensified earlier this month after he announced sweeping tariffs on most U.S. imports, stoking fears of a recession, sending jitters across global financial markets and drawing condemnation from leaders around the world. (Reuters) -The S&P 500 sold off sharply on Tuesday to close below 5,000 points for the first time in almost a year after it reversed a strong morning rally, while investor hopes faded for any imminent U.S. delays or concessions on tariffs ahead of a midnight deadline.  The S&P 500 has lost $5.83 trillion in market value, for its steepest four days of losses since the index was created in the 1950s, following President Donald Trump unveiling of hefty global tariffs against U.S. trading partners late on Wednesday.  The S&P had risen more than 4% earlier on Tuesday as investors hoped that Trump would soften his stance or postpone a Wednesday deadline for tariffs. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
