Title: Signs of Wall Street stress pile up amid Trump tariff turmoil
Date: 2025-04-08 16:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/signs-of-wall-street-stress-pile-up-amid-trump-tariff-turmoil-160857268.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. The signs of stress on Wall Street have mounted amid the many uncertainties triggered by President Trump’s tariffs. IPOs and mergers were put on the shelf. Leverage loan deals were shoved to the sidelines. Bond sales were paused. The freeze-up of activity that followed Trump's "Liberation Day" announcement last week made for some nervous days on Wall Street as Trump’s tariffs stoked recession fears. Tuesday offered some hope of a reprieve as stocks rallied in the morning, but that rally had fizzled by the end of the trading day. One concerning development is that there were no new offerings in the investment-grade and high-yield bond markets for three days, according to Reuters, as credit spreads widened due to concerns about the rising odds of a recession. For companies with debt rolling over, the fear is that these higher borrowing rates could act as another pressure point and increase the future likelihood of defaults if the economy does take a turn downward. Some banks also pressed pause on buyout financings due to fears that they might not be able to syndicate the loans, according to Bloomberg. There have also been struggles to refinance junk debt and private credit loans for certain clients, Bloomberg reported. Another freeze on Wall Street came from big clients who put IPO plans on ice due to concerns about how such a move might be greeted by investors. StubHub and Klarna (KLAR.PVT) decided to postpone their IPO roadshows, while another fintech company called Chime (CHIM.PVT) delayed its plans to go public, according to the Wall Street Journal. Trading platform eToro Group Ltd. (ETTO.PVT) also paused its planned listing, along with MNTN Inc. and insurer Ategrity Specialty Holdings, according to Bloomberg. Some M&A deals are also on hold, according to Bloomberg. "Investors and founders want to see stability," Columbia professor Angela Lee told Yahoo Finance on Monday. "We are at an incredibly unstable place." Big bank CEOs were concerned enough about the chaos of this week to get on a call Sunday night, according to Sky News and Bloomberg. Sky News reported that the participants included Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan and bosses from Citigroup, Barclays, and HSBC. The turmoil heightens the stakes for the big Wall Street institutions as they prepare to report first quarter earnings in the coming days. For the first three months of the year, analysts expect big bank profits to be down compared to the year-ago period at JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), Goldman Sachs (GS), and Wells Fargo (WFC), according to consensus estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Citigroup (C) and Morgan Stanley (MS) are both expected to be up. “My view is earnings — I hate to say they don't matter, but right now, we are in a macro market,” Devin Ryan, a financial analyst for Citizens Financial Group, told Yahoo Finance on Tuesday. "What happens with tariffs, and really the ultimate economy, is what's going to drive sentiment in these stocks," Ryan added. Executives may not be able to answer many of the questions investors want to know, according to KBW bank analyst Chris McGratty. "A lot of the questions are going to be unanswerable because those questions, unfortunately, are not in control of these management teams. They're in control of D.C.," McGratty told Yahoo Finance. Even before Trump announced his full slate of tariffs, there were already signs of a slowdown on Wall Street. Through February and March, US institutional loan issuance fell. So did US IPO and M&A activity, according to data from Apollo’s chief economist Torsten Slok. (Disclosure: Yahoo Finance is owned by Apollo Global Management.) Morgan Stanley analysts this week lowered their expectations for large and mid-cap bank earnings this year, downgrading their view of these groups from "attractive" to "in-line." They wrote that slower growth and increased uncertainty will "push out the nascent capital markets rebound, incrementally slow loan growth, and drive net charge offs across consumer and commercial loans." David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance U.S. Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins said on Tuesday that new deals could be struck with other countries over trade tariffs by the end of this week.  Rollins made the comments in an interview to Fox News host Bret Baier on the network's "Special Report" show.  President Donald Trump said last week that he would impose a 10% baseline tariff on all imports to the U.S. and higher duties on dozens of other countries, including some of Washington's biggest trading partners, rattling global markets and bewildering U.S. allies. Bill Ackman’s public campaign to slow down the rollout of President Trump’s tariffs continued Tuesday as the billionaire again took to social media to advocate for a pause. The "Magnificent Seven" tech stocks enjoyed a short-lived rebound Tuesday before the group reversed course and ended the day in negative territory as impending reciprocal tariffs dragged the market lower. Sen. Elizabeth Warren warned that President Trump's tariff plan is already damaging the economy and asserted that "Congress has the power" to roll the policies back. A stock market rally evaporated on Tuesday as the White House announced further tariffs on China. The largest difference between this shock and the one that came with the pandemic is that the president has a potential "off" switch for the chaos this time. An emerging theory for the Treasury tumult of the past few days: The unwind of what is known on Wall Street as the SLR trade, a bet that the Trump administration will loosen bank capital rules to boost the economy.  What is the SLR trade?  This trade is essentially a bet that looser capital requirements will boost demand for Treasury bonds, via a change to the SLR, the Supplementary Leverage Ratio. Across Wall Street, 44 publicly traded companies were upgraded Tuesday to an equivalent rating of "buy" or "neutral." A sharp rise in Treasury yields over the past few days has alarmed many analysts and investors much more than the recent drop in stocks. I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
