Title: Oil Slumps Below $60 as US Plan for China Tariffs Roils Outlook
Date: 2025-04-08 19:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-plunge-pauses-traders-stock-095017294.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Oil fell to close below $60 a barrel for the first time since 2021 after the Trump administration moved to intensify a tit-for-tat trade war with China, inflaming concerns about the trajectory of global demand growth. Most Read from Bloomberg The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up West Texas Intermediate futures fell for a fourth straight session to close at $59.58 a barrel before grazing a fresh four-year low after settlement. US President Donald Trump is planning to proceed with implementing tariffs that would amount to 104% on many Chinese goods just after midnight, according to a White House official. That would mark another significant escalation in the actions against China, a major crude-importing economy. Beijing had responded earlier by saying it’s prepared to “fight to the end” via retaliatory trade measures. Crude, along with equities, bonds and other commodities, has been roiled this month as the US president presses on with his aggressive trade policy. The ructions have stoked concerns about a global slowdown or recession that would jeopardize energy demand. At the same time, OPEC+ delivered a bigger-than-expected output hike, hurting the outlook for oil market balances. “We can expect a lot more flip-flopping in the near-term, for better or worse,” said Christina Qi, chief executive officer of Databento, a market data provider. “Unless there’s some kind of clear directional catalyst, like a decision from OPEC or a major central bank, the dynamic is going to stay very push-and-pull.” Banks have been rushing to cut their forecasts in recent days as a result. Societe Generale SA sees West Texas Intermediate at $57 a barrel by the end of the year, while Goldman Sachs Group Inc. warned of $40 Brent in an extreme case. A top US oil executive is already calling on the Trump administration to explain how a global trade war will help domestic producers. The turbulence also forced the US Energy Information Administration to delay its monthly report, which had been due Tuesday. The agency said it was re-running its models to account for the most recent market developments. Chinese crude buyers are likely to halt imports of American oil as the trade war drags on, which will include levies imposed by Beijing on US goods, according to local industry consultant JLC. Companies could instead look to source more cargoes from Russia, the Middle East, West Africa and South America, it said. At the same time, options markets have been showing increased wagers on lower prices. Record volumes of bearish contracts traded last week, while puts on Brent were fetching their biggest premiums to bullish calls since December 2021. To get Bloomberg’s Energy Daily newsletter in your inbox, click here. --With assistance from Jake Lloyd-Smith and Sarah Chen. ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Though "a little concerned" that tariffs might lift inflation, at least temporarily, "with growth good and policy in a good place, we have built the time and the ability to just tread slowly and tread carefully," Daly said at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah.  Trump announced tariffs last Wednesday that would increase import levies around tenfold to more than 20%, the highest in a century, and global stocks swooned in the days that followed on fears that the escalating trade war would cause a recession. (Bloomberg) -- A pullback from US Treasuries sent longer-term yields surging by the most since pandemic struck in 2020, deepening losses in what’s supposed to be a haven from financial turmoil and roiling markets abroad as investors sold government bonds.The yield on 30-year Treasuries briefly pushed over 5% in Asia and the pressure seeped into other markets, with yields rising sharply in Australia, the UK and in the developing world. The selloff eased during the US trading day as stocks rebound Real estate investment trusts could be poised to outperform the broader market in an uncertain economic climate, UBS analysts said Wednesday. Levi Strauss & Co. CEO Michelle Gass said if the company raises prices due to President Donald Trump's tariffs, the increases would be "very surgical." President Donald Trump’s tariff policies have been particularly hard on manufacturers, which face potentially higher costs, lower demand, and retaliation from U.S. trading partners.  While the pain has been significant, Wall Street analysts covering the manufacturing sector are building lists of names they like the best.  Coming into Tuesday’s trading, the S&P 500 was off almost 11% since President Donald Trump’s April 2 “Liberation Day” tariff announcement. Stocks surged at midday Tuesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average jumping nearly 1,000 points, as the major indexes rebounded somewhat from tariff-induced losses. Oil and related energy stocks fell Wednesday as the price of crude dropped to its lowest level since 2021. I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
