Title: Quants Winning Against Hedge-Fund Peers Get Slammed by Selloff
Date: 2025-04-08 13:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quants-winning-against-hedge-fund-132603095.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- The tariff-induced shock unleashed on markets in recent days has been so ferocious that even some of Wall Street’s fastest and most tech-savvy investors have been unable to escape. Most Read from Bloomberg The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up Quantitative trading firms, who for much of this year had been a bright spot amid the institutional-investment crowd, are now showing cracks in the historic turmoil sweeping across assets. Systematic long-short managers, who use rules-based strategies to bet both on and against securities, dropped on Thursday, Friday and Monday as positions in crowded stocks unwound, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s prime brokerage. That trimmed the cohort’s 2025 gain to 10%, the bank wrote in a note late Monday. Meanwhile, the $1.3 billion AQR Style Premia Alternative Fund fell 6.7% in four sessions for its biggest loss since 2023, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. And an index of 10 risk-premia managers from Societe Generale SA posted its worst three-day run in a year through Friday. It’s not yet enough to drag performance to the level of many hedge-fund peers — Goldman estimates show fundamental long-short managers lost another 1.4% Monday to extend their year-to-date loss to 5.9%, for example. But it marked a turn for a group who, amid the trade-war noise leading up to Donald Trump’s tariff announcements on April 2, had broadly defied the market downturn. Funds run by the likes of Renaissance Technologies LLC, AQR Capital Management and Engineers Gate were among the first quarter’s top performers. That these hitherto triumphant investors are joining the selloff speaks to the abrupt and idiosyncratic nature of the shock. Many such quants aim to be what’s known as market neutral, meaning they combine long and short positions to inoculate themselves against swings in the overall market. But the plunge across stocks has been so hard and indiscriminate that the impact has been hard to parse with their systematic models. Amadeo Alentorn says his risk models at Jupiter Asset Management showed US markets swinging to a pessimistic and highly uncertain regime so quickly that his system had little time to switch to stock-picking signals with a better chance of success. “Typically a move like this would have taken a number of weeks,” said Alentorn, who co-manages a $3.5 billion quant market-neutral fund. “If you were positioned for something else a few weeks ago and suddenly you were hit by this, then there’s a period of readjustment for some quant models.” His fund recorded the worst three days since 2020 through Friday, before bouncing back Monday. Certain Uncertainty Until Trump’s “Liberation Day,” the equity market environment had been especially fertile for quants, with wide gaps between winners and losers that played into many of their favorite strategies. For instance, among so-called factors — stock characteristics that many systematic players use to decide what to buy and sell — value had stood out as a winner. The strategy of buying cheap shares and selling the opposite made money in the first quarter as growing economic uncertainty prompted investors to dump expensive names like Tesla Inc. Yet value plunged last week as cheap stocks were dragged into the selloff. Meanwhile, mean reversion — a trade that bets on price anomalies returning to normal — also turned red amid the turmoil, after having boosted statistical-arbitrage strategies earlier this year, according to Deepak Gurnani, founder of the $1.4 billion Versor Investments. Such losses are unsurprising “when you have external shocks of this nature,” he said. “There still continues to be a lot of uncertainty, as to how it will impact specific companies and industries and to what extent. There’s also a question as to: is this the final policy?” Elsewhere, commodity trading advisers — quant funds that tend to follow price trends across futures markets — extended their 2025 losses. A SocGen index of 20 such managers posted the worst two days since August through Friday, following four straight quarters of declines. Even short-term CTAs — which tend to be more reactive and better able to ride market downturns — have lost money through the tumult. Still, quants should ultimately be able to adapt, reckons Alentorn — even if what they’re adapting to is a regime of ongoing unpredictability. “The stickiness of this high uncertainty regime is likely to be high,” he said. “So that should provide some stability to the quant models.” --With assistance from Nishant Kumar and Denitsa Tsekova. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US With Shake Shack in First Class, Airline Food Is No Longer a Joke India’s Destination Weddings Fuel a New Tourist Economy ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. The S&P 500 closed within striking distance of bear market territory on Tuesday after the major indexes blew huge gains in another manic day of trading.  If it closes below 4915.32, it would be down 20% from its Feb. 19 and enter a bear market.  The Nasdaq Composite, which entered a bear market last week, fell 2.2%. Last week, Donald Trump announced "reciprocal" tariffs that have caused significant turbulence in global markets, with the stock prices of major U.S. tech companies, known as the “Magnificent 7,” plummeting and wiping out nearly $1.8 trillion in ... Embattled pharmacy chain Walgreens is expected to go private in the fourth quarter, and adjusted earnings are topping estimates on the way out. Gallatin AI has raised $15 million in seed funding to modernize military logistics and supply chains. The post Gallatin AI raises $15M in seed funding to advance military logistics appeared first on FreightWaves. ClearBridge Investments, an investment management company, released its “ClearBridge Dividend Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The ClearBridge Dividend Strategy proved resilient and delivered positive returns despite a 4.3% decline in the benchmark S&P 500 Index. Despite increased caution over the economy and markets, the firm […] We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 10 Stocks in Focus. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Walgreens (NASDAQ:WBA) stands against other stocks in Jim Cramer’s focus. On Friday, Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, commented on the current state of the markets as he […] Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
