Title: Is Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ_GOOGL) the Best Machine Learning Stock to Buy Now_
Date: 2025-04-16 17:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-nasdaq-googl-best-170024335.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: We recently published a list of the10 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy Now.In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other machine-learning stocks. Grand View Research reported that the global machine-learning market was valued at $36.73 billion in 2022. It’s now expected to grow at a 34.8% CAGR from 2023 to 2030. Machine learning helps machines and systems learn from experience instead of through explicit programming. It uses algorithms to improve and analyze vast amounts of complex data to make informed decisions. Machine learning is quickly progressing as AI is rapidly expanding and transforming how businesses and individuals operate. These technological advancements are revolutionizing consumer experiences, and enabling convenient creation of digital services, products, and optimized supply chains. With this, startups can focus on specific solutions while larger companies can deliver comprehensive AI platforms. On April 10, Amazon CEO Andy Jassy joined CNBC’s ‘Squawk Box’ to discuss the cost of AI and what has to happen to bring it down. Jassy emphasized that the growth in data center demand is now so significant that there is no foreseen attenuation here, even with ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties under tariffs. While there’s a general belief that the emergence of DeepSeek could now reduce the need for extensive data centers, processing power, and energy consumption previously forecasted at different tech companies, Jassy thinks that DeepSeek’s introduction did not disrupt any of this. Despite cost reductions that occurred have already over time, AI deployment still requires significant investment. He thinks that the current AI operations are expensive due to chip costs and other factors, but big techs, including his own company, would welcome any reductions in AI costs for customers moving forward. Jassy underscored the demand for data centers despite tariff impacts and reflected optimism regarding lowering costs, which would potentially drive innovation and expanded use of AI across industries. AI is still limited and requires substantial human oversight as of now but it has massive potential across various sectors. We sifted through ETFs and financial media reports to compile a list of the top ML stocks. We then selected the 10 stocks that were the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 900 elite money managers.

