Title: Meta Saw TikTok as ‘Highly Urgent’ Threat, Zuckerberg Says at Antitrust Trial
Date: 2025-04-16 22:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-saw-tiktok-highly-urgent-221403450.html?.tsrc=rss

Content: (Bloomberg) -- Mark Zuckerberg, the first witness in the Federal Trade Commission’s trial to break up his social media empire, gave a rare window into how he makes business decisions: by fighting for survival, even when his company is ahead. Most Read from Bloomberg Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Why the Best Bike Lanes Always Get Blamed DOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on Leave LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs Over a marathon three days of testimony, the Meta Platforms Inc. co-founder and chief executive officer clearly articulated how the social media market has evolved rapidly over time — which, if the judge agrees, could make it more difficult for the FTC to prove Meta dominates it. Zuckerberg was composed, but occasionally evasive, when challenged to explain past emails and other private messages indicating a concerted effort to muscle out competitors. Those old messages and emails, gathered during the pre-trial discovery process, were more damning than his present-day testimony. The messages, often between Zuckerberg and other top Meta executives, painted a picture of an executive who was paranoid about his rivals and willing to buy competitors whenever possible. The FTC is seeking to force Meta to sell off Instagram and WhatsApp, arguing that the two acquisitions have given Meta an illegal monopoly over parts of the social networking industry. Emails and documents presented at trial show that Meta, then called Facebook Inc., struggled to compete in the mobile app boom in the early 2010s, buying up successful competitors. The FTC said Meta bought the companies to eliminate direct competitive threats. Multiple Competitors Zuckerberg and Meta’s lawyers, meanwhile, argued that Meta faces a wide array of competitors that fight for user attention, including ByteDance Ltd.’s TikTok, Google’s YouTube, Apple Inc.’s iMessage and Microsoft Corp.’s LinkedIn. On Wednesday, Zuckerberg said that TikTok, in particular, posed a “highly urgent” competitive threat when it sprang up in 2018. “We observed that our growth slowed down dramatically,” as TikTok gained popularity, Zuckerberg said Wednesday. “It was highly urgent, this has been a top priority for the company for several years.” Meta eventually rolled out a direct competitor, called Reels, that now drives a significant amount of video traffic for the company. Zuckerberg was at times vague over his three days in court, and regularly disputed the FTC’s interpretations of his prior emails. As a leader, the way he communicated with staff was often blunt or harsh, and he spent time on the stand trying to add more nuance to what was written by his younger self. He occasionally clashed with the FTC’s lead lawyer, Daniel Matheson, who objected at one point that Zuckerberg wasn’t answering his questions.

