Dow Jones Futures Rise As China Says It's 'Evaluating' U.S. Trade Talks. Amazon, Apple Fall On Earni
2025-05-02 03-05
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/031f22c8-d478-31d0-b382-1f21fa27d913/dow-jones-futures-rise-as.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) CEO Andy Jassy reinforced his mission to return the e-commerce giant to its startup roots during remarks at the Harvard Business Review Leadership Summit on Monday, emphasizing improved collaboration from the company’s return-to-office mandate and streamlined management. What Happened: Jassy, who succeeded Jeff Bezos as CEO in 2021, brings nearly three decades of Amazon experience, including his pivotal role in building Amazon Web Services (AWS) from a small team to
Andy Jassy said in a Q2 earnings call that Amazon had encouraged sellers to pull forward goods so they could have inventory on hand in the U.S.
Intel announced plans to develop its own AI chips on an earnings call Friday The company's previous strategy has been to acquire AI startups that have already developed their own chips Analysts remain split on whether or not the plan will work, citing Nvidia's dominance in the market Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) CEO Lip-Bu Tan announced that the company will be working to develop its own AI chips, in an earnings call on Friday. "This is not a quick fix," Tan said on the call. He continued that he would b
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arista Networks Inc. (NYSE:ANET) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green […]
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as […]
Microsoft stock soared on Thursday after the tech giant’s quarterly results handily beat Wall Street estimates.
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
BEIJING (Reuters) -Beijing is "evaluating" an offer from Washington to hold talks over U.S. President Donald Trump's crippling tariffs, China's Commerce Ministry said on Friday, signalling a potential de-escalation in the trade war that has roiled global markets.  The United States has approached China to seek talks over Trump's 145% tariffs and Beijing's door was open for discussions, the commerce ministry said.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...