Apple Continues to See Stronger Demand for AI Products
2025-05-01 21-49
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/49449147-bec5-3fd1-85e3-0bbca360ad50/apple-continues-to-see.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple CEO Tim Cook reiterated Thursday that demand for products with AI is stronger than those without. "During the March quarter, we saw that in markets where we had rolled out Apple Intelligence that the year-over-year performance on the iPhone 16 family was stronger than those where Apple Intelligence was not available," Cook said.
On its second-quarter earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed the elephant in the room: tariffs.  "For the March quarter, we had a limited impact from tariffs as we were able to optimize our supply chain and inventory," he said.  Apple reported $66 billion in second-quarter expenses.
The Apple earnings call kicked off with CEO Tim Cook talking about the company's manufacturing plans in the U.S.  Cook reminded investors on the call that the company has recently announced plans to spend $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years.  The comments come with tech companies under pressure from President Donald Trump to bring manufacturing into the U.S. Apple currently makes most of its products in China.
Apple beat revenue and profit estimates, fueled by strong growth in services revenue and modest gains in iPhone sales.  The company made progress shifting U.S. production out of China but faces challenges selling its phones and other electronics in that important market.  Apple remains a cash-generation machine, upping both its dividend and share-repurchase authorization.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) -Apple on Thursday trimmed its share buyback program by $10 billion, with CEO Tim Cook telling analysts that tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter as the iPhone maker shifts its vast supply chain to minimize the impact of President Donald Trump's trade war.  Cook also said Apple's planned $500 billion in spending to expand its U.S. footprint would involve both capital outlays and increased operational expenses as it builds out server and chip factories with its manufacturing partners.  In addition, he outlined how Apple has started to build up a stockpile of products so that the majority of its devices sold in the U.S. this quarter will not come from China.
Apple (AAPL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.48% and 1.16%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Apple (AAPL) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Apple reported fiscal second-quarter revenue and earnings that surpassed analysts’ expectations, with higher-than-expected iPhone sales.
And that reason is different (but related) for these two auto-making giants.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.