Apple earnings call_ Biggest takeaways & comments from Tim Cook
2025-05-01 23-15
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-earnings-call-biggest-takeaways-231500239.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Tech giant Apple (AAPL) published its fiscal second quarter earnings results, topping both its top and bottom line projections.
Yahoo Finance tech editor Dan Howley joins in on the Apple earnings coverage to share his biggest takeaways from the iPhone maker's earnings call, including expectations for the AI-boosted Siri digital assistant and CEO Tim Cook's comments on forecasts for additional tariff costs in this quarter.
Also catch Yahoo Finance give a detailed breakdown on the performance of Apple's digital services segment in its latest quarter.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
Here on Yahoo! Finance, Dan Howley is standing by with some takeaways from Apple's print and call.
Yeah, Josh, the uh big takeaway I think, uh, and everybody is going to be talking about is the tariff impact. And we actually had uh Tim Cook point out what he sees the impact being for the June quarter right here.
For the June quarter, currently we are not able to precisely estimate the impact of tariffs, as we are uncertain of potential future actions prior to the end of the quarter. However, for some color, assuming the current global tariff rates, policies and applications do not change for the balance of the quarter, and no new tariffs are added, we estimate the impact to add $900 million to our costs.
So that's not nothing, but it's not the kind of, you know, end of the world. But analysts wanted to know more. They wanted to know, okay, well, you're giving us this about the June quarter, what about past June quarter? And Cook had this to say about that.
I don't want to predict the future because I'm not sure uh what will happen with the tariffs, and there is the section 232 investigation going on. And and so it's uh, you know, very difficult to predict beyond beyond June. And June has the assumptions in it that I'd mentioned earlier.
So yeah, this is, you know, Tim Cook basically saying, look, we we don't know what's going to be going on. There is that uh Section 232 uh investigation. That has to do with semiconductors, uh but the Trump administration had said they may take those exemptions that were on smartphones and other computers away and kind of group them in with a new tariff based on that investigation around semiconductors. So we just have to see, and obviously, uh Tim Cook kind of not not really wanting to to dive deeper into what may happen going forward.
Um, and Dan, uh there was also some commentary on Siri, and um, you know, sort of the Siri, the smarter Siri rollout, so to speak.
Yeah, I mean, that was something that he he basically copped to right at the the start uh of the call. We've obviously not seen the smarter Siri. It was supposed to come out with WWDC. And here's what Cook had to say on that.
With regard to the more personal Siri features we announced, we need more time to complete our work on these features so they meet our high quality bar. We are making progress, and we look forward to getting these features into customer's hands.
And you know, there was uh more uh kind of questions around the the new Siri, when it's going to be coming, uh Apple intelligence investments. Apple basically saying, look, we we've put out a ton of features with iOS 18. We're going to continue to put those out. They just need more time for this more personal Siri. I will point out though that that was one of the main features that they had advertised during WWDC last June. And so not having that available, while it may take long to develop something like that, really, I think uh stuck in a lot of investors' craw uh just because of how important that seemed to be.
Dan, thank you. Appreciate it, buddy.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the Trump administration’s tariffs, if they remain at their current levels, will cost Apple about $900 million in the current quarter that runs through June.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold was set for its first back-to-back weekly loss this year, as risk appetite returned to Wall Street on strong tech earnings and traders curbed their bets on US interest-rate cuts this year after factory activity data.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
The&nbsp;Los Angeles Department of Water and Power&nbsp;is returning to the municipal bond market with a&nbsp;$1 billion offering, roughly three months after shelving a sale in the immediate wake of historic wildfires that began burning in Southern California on Jan 7. Belle Haven Investments Partner Director of Research Dora Lee has more on the story.
Canadian National saw 8% earnings growth and had an improved operating ratio in the first quarter. The post CN’s first-quarter earnings grow despite impact of severe weather appeared first on FreightWaves.
Prominent short seller Jim Chanos criticized Tesla Inc.‘s (NASDAQ:TSLA) robotaxi economic projections on Monday, calling the figures “ridiculous” and pointing to several overlooked cost factors. What Happened: Chanos, responding to a Tesla investor’s ...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.