Gold Heads for Weekly Loss as Traders Pare Back US Rate Cut Bets
2025-05-02 00-25
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-heads-weekly-loss-traders-002511720.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — Gold (GC=F) was set for its first back-to-back weekly loss this year, as risk appetite returned to Wall Street on strong tech earnings and traders curbed their bets on US interest-rate cuts this year after factory activity data.
Most Read from Bloomberg
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
NYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
Bullion traded little changed near $3,240 an ounce — putting losses this week at more than 2% — after a report showed manufacturing activity shrank in April at a pace that slightly surprised to the upside. Markets pared wagers on the size of the Federal Reserve’s easing trajectory this year, with the first quarter-point rate reduction fully priced in for July. Both higher rates and yields tend to weigh on non-interest bearing gold.
Elsewhere, the precious metal’s haven appeal faded as earnings largely drove optimism in markets alongside potential trade-talk progress between the US and other nations. Still, Thursday’s financial results from tech behemoths Apple Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. underscored worries about the outlook, with both companies expecting a tougher business climate in coming months amid escalating tariff costs.
Investors continue to weigh the impacts of US President Donald Trump’s fast-evolving tariff agenda, which has roiled global markets. Vice President JD Vance said a trade deal with India will be “among” the first agreements, and added that negotiations were also underway with Japan, South Korea and “folks in Europe.”
Despite this week’s sharp selloff, gold is up about than a quarter this year and hit a record above $3,500 last week before losing some ground amid signs the rally was overheated. The ascent has been driven by investors taking refuge in the haven asset on mounting fears that unconventional policies from the White House could stoke a global slowdown.
Speculative demand in China and central-bank buying has also supported gains. Traders will on Friday also weigh a US jobs report, the last piece of significant data this week.
Spot gold was little changed at $3,242.97 an ounce as of 8:23 a.m. in Singapore, and is down 2.3% this week. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was flat, after a 0.5% gain in the previous session. Platinum was little changed while silver and palladium edged higher.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
The U.S. dollar headed for a third straight weekly gain as signs of progress in Washington's talks with some of its trading partners and better-than-expected data eased concerns over investments in the world's largest economy.  The dollar, U.S. Treasuries and shares have bounced from steep declines last month as President Donald Trump's erratic tariff policies drove fears of a recession and sapped confidence in U.S. assets.  The focus now turns to the release of nonfarm payrolls figures later in the global day.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) -Mexico's government will gradually reduce the standard work week to 40 hours, Labor and Social Security Minister Marath Bolanos said on Thursday, in a move expected to take full effect by January 2030.  Speaking at a Labor Day event, Bolanos said the ministry will hold a series of forums in cities across the country from June to July to help shape a proposal for the gradual transition.  Mexico currently has a 48-hour work week.
(Bloomberg) -- The US sued top health insurance companies and brokers, alleging they used illegal kickbacks to steer members into certain private Medicare Advantage plans.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the Trump administration’s tariffs, if they remain at their current levels, will cost Apple about $900 million in the current quarter that runs through June.
Asian stock markets and U.S. futures rose on Friday as signs of possible trade talks between the U.S. and China lifted risk sentiment after lacklustre earnings from tech bellwethers Apple and Amazon fuelled worries about the impact of tariffs.  China's commerce ministry said on Friday the United States has repeatedly expressed its willingness to negotiate on tariffs and that Beijing's door is open for talks.  The comments helped U.S. stock futures reverse course from earlier falls after Apple trimmed its share buyback program and warned tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter.
A surge in trading during the first quarter lifted profits for  Robinhood  Markets beyond Wall Street’s expectations.  The brokerage reported diluted earnings per share of 37 cents, a 106% year over year increase.  “Trading volumes and net deposits were incredibly strong for the quarter and in April,” CFO Jason Warnick said during a call with reporters.
Brent crude futures rose 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $62.51 a barrel by 0136 GMT, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures added 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $59.62 a barrel.  China's commerce ministry on Friday said the United States has recently taken steps to open a dialogue with Beijing by conveying information through relevant parties.  Concerns that the broader trade war could push the global economy into a recession and crimp oil demand, just as the OPEC+ group is preparing to raise output, have weighed heavily on oil prices in recent weeks.
The e-commerce giant, which is upping its high-end game, said it’s prepared for disruptions from tariffs.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump said he would impose secondary sanctions on nations or companies buying Iranian oil, ratcheting up pressure on Tehran as nuclear talks with the US hit a snag. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead
Amazon reported its first quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday.