Apple_ Why this analyst isn't 'too concerned' about China tariffs
2025-05-01 21-31
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-why-analyst-isnt-too-213122553.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) may avoid the worst of upcoming tariffs on China.
Antoine Chkaiban, New Street Research technology infrastructure analyst, explains why Apple’s diversification strategy and planned US investments lessen the risk of tariff impacts.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
What about how you're thinking through tariffs? I mean, obviously we're waiting to hear from the company, but what do you wanna know, uh, from Apple in terms of tariffs and and what ultimately do you think the effect could be?
Yes, so Julia, I think we're not too concerned here about tariffs because, um, I mean, of course as you know the vast majority of Apple's products are assembled in China, uh, and the the US announced, uh, earlier this month, uh, I mean actually in April, of course, to that they will exempt smartphones, computers and other consumer electronics, uh, from reciprocal tariffs but they are still subject to the 20% uh, tariff when they're imported from from China. Now Apple has already started to diversify away from China and they will continue to do so. Um, they're probably going to accelerate the pace of which they do so, actually. And the 20% tariff is actually a strong incentive to continue that shift and um, I've seen reports that Apple aims to source all US iPhones from India by the end of 2026. India today, just to put some context around that represents already about 20% of iPhone manufacturing, um, and I think it can already cover in a half of the US market. So assuming that the pace of deployment of capacity in India accelerates, that will probably take about a year, you know, for Apple to grow the Indian supply chain enough to fully cover the US market. So at the end of the day, um, I think you know, that's that's very consistent, you know all that news flow around India. And lastly, the US administration is very transactional, you know we we think it's legitimate to expect some level of concessions, um, given Apple, you know is committing to invest 500 billion in the US. Um, and at the end of the day the administration, you know is setting the bar at a maximum leverage to start, uh, the negotiations. Um, and has no intention in our view of harming unnecessarily and excessively US businesses and US consumers. So the bottom line is that we're not too concerned about tariffs. Uh, there there are other more fundamental challenges that Apple is facing that worry us.
Carolina Milanesi, president and principal analyst at Creative Strategies, discusses why investors are more focused on Apple's future plans than its previous quarter's earnings as the iPhone maker prepares to report second-quarter results. She joins Caroline Hyde and Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology."
Amazon.com Inc. gave a weaker-than-expected forecast for operating profit in the current quarter, citing tariffs and trade policies that may cause consumers to pull back on spending. Scott Devitt of Wedbush Securities reacts to the earnings report on "Bloomberg The Close."
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the growing amount […]
Aswath Damodaran, NYU Stern School of Business finance professor, says people are overestimating the long-term impact of tariffs on Apple. Apple's overall sales gained 5% to $95.4 billion, ahead of estimates, but sales from China declined 2.3% to $16 billion in the fiscal second quarter, missing analyst estimates.
On the conference call, Apple CEO Tim Cook was candid about the delay in a highly anticipated AI powered version of Siri.  "With regard to the more personal Siri features we announced, we need more time to complete our work on these features so they meet our high quality bar," Cook said.  Apple has been under fire from analysts and customers in recent months for its prolonged rollout of AI features for its devices.
On its second-quarter earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed the elephant in the room: tariffs.  "For the March quarter, we had a limited impact from tariffs as we were able to optimize our supply chain and inventory," he said.  Apple reported $66 billion in second-quarter expenses.
Apple beat revenue and profit estimates, fueled by strong growth in services revenue and modest gains in iPhone sales.  The company made progress shifting U.S. production out of China but faces challenges selling its phones and other electronics in that important market.  Apple remains a cash-generation machine, upping both its dividend and share-repurchase authorization.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Apple (AAPL) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Apple (AAPL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.48% and 1.16%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Apple reported fiscal second-quarter revenue and earnings that surpassed analysts’ expectations, with higher-than-expected iPhone sales.