Spotify submits app update to Apple with external link for purchases in US
2025-05-02 01-01
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/spotify-submits-app-apple-external-010134702.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Reuters) - Spotify (SPOT) said on Thursday it has submitted an app update to Apple with an external link to buy subscriptions, after a U.S. judge ruled that the iPhone maker violated the order that required it to allow greater competition for app downloads.
The Swedish audio streaming giant said in a letter to Apple that it planned to make changes to its U.S. app in accordance with the court's ruling on Wednesday, which said the iPhone maker must not levy its new commission on off-app purchases.
"The fact that we haven't been able to deliver these basic services, which were permitted by the judge's order four years ago, is absurd," the company said in a blog post.
Apple did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.
U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers in Oakland said in an 80-page ruling that Apple failed to comply with her prior injunction order, which was imposed in an antitrust lawsuit brought by "Fortnite" maker Epic Games.
Apple had said it "strongly disagrees" with the decision, but it would comply with the court's order, adding that it plans to appeal.
Both Spotify and Apple have been engaged in a longstanding and contentious rivalry, centered around the Cupertino, California-based company's App Store policies and their impact on the streaming company's business operations.
Spotify updated its app on Apple devices to include pricing information of its various plans and services in the European Union in August 2024, several months after the iPhone maker had rejected such a move.
Separately, Apple trimmed its share buyback program by $10 billion on Thursday, with CEO Tim Cook telling analysts that tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter.
(Reporting by Jaspreet Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Alan Barona)
The U.S. dollar headed for a third straight weekly gain as signs of progress in Washington's talks with some of its trading partners and better-than-expected data eased concerns over investments in the world's largest economy.  The dollar, U.S. Treasuries and shares have bounced from steep declines last month as President Donald Trump's erratic tariff policies drove fears of a recession and sapped confidence in U.S. assets.  The focus now turns to the release of nonfarm payrolls figures later in the global day.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) -Mexico's government will gradually reduce the standard work week to 40 hours, Labor and Social Security Minister Marath Bolanos said on Thursday, in a move expected to take full effect by January 2030.  Speaking at a Labor Day event, Bolanos said the ministry will hold a series of forums in cities across the country from June to July to help shape a proposal for the gradual transition.  Mexico currently has a 48-hour work week.
(Bloomberg) -- The US sued top health insurance companies and brokers, alleging they used illegal kickbacks to steer members into certain private Medicare Advantage plans.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund
(Bloomberg) -- China said it is assessing the possibility of trade talks with the US, the first sign since Donald Trump hiked tariffs last month that negotiations could begin between the two sides.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump said he would impose secondary sanctions on nations or companies buying Iranian oil, ratcheting up pressure on Tehran as nuclear talks with the US hit a snag. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead
China’s Commerce Ministry said Friday that Beijing is evaluating multiple approaches by the Trump administration for trade talks.  The statement reiterated China's stance that is open to talks, but also that Beijing is determined to fight if it must.  “The tariff and trade wars were unilaterally initiated by the U.S., if the U.S. side wants to talk, it should show its sincerity, and be ready to take action on issues such as correcting wrong practices and canceling the unilateral imposition of tariffs,” it said.
About 2,500 workers at Electric Boat shipyard in Connecticut plan to strike on May 18 if a tentative contract agreement is not reached with the submarine builder, the union president announced during a rally Thursday.  About 300 union members cheered the announcement made by Bill Louis, president of the Marine Draftsmen’s Association-United Auto Workers of America, Local 571, The Day of New London newspaper reported.  “We’re officially putting the company on notice that if we don’t have an agreement at 11:59 p.m., we strike at midnight May 18,” Louis told the union members, most of whom are essentially responsible for designing the U.S. Navy's nuclear submarine fleet.
Amazon reported its first quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday.
Asian stock markets and U.S. futures rose on Friday as signs of possible trade talks between the U.S. and China lifted risk sentiment after lacklustre earnings from tech bellwethers Apple and Amazon fuelled worries about the impact of tariffs.  China's commerce ministry said on Friday the United States has repeatedly expressed its willingness to negotiate on tariffs and that Beijing's door is open for talks.  The comments helped U.S. stock futures reverse course from earlier falls after Apple trimmed its share buyback program and warned tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter.
Mati Carbon, a climate-tech startup based in Houston, just walked away with $50 million in prize money from the Elon Musk-backed XPrize Carbon Removal competition. The company announced the win, highlighting it as a major step toward scaling its carbon removal efforts globally. The funding positions Mati at the forefront of a massive shift in how carbon is removed from the atmosphere by spreading pulverized rock on farmland. Don't Miss: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software