Spotify submits app update to Apple with external link for purchases in US
2025-05-02 01-01
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/spotify-submits-app-apple-external-010134702.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Reuters) - Spotify (SPOT) said on Thursday it has submitted an app update to Apple with an external link to buy subscriptions, after a U.S. judge ruled that the iPhone maker violated the order that required it to allow greater competition for app downloads.
The Swedish audio streaming giant said in a letter to Apple that it planned to make changes to its U.S. app in accordance with the court's ruling on Wednesday, which said the iPhone maker must not levy its new commission on off-app purchases.
"The fact that we haven't been able to deliver these basic services, which were permitted by the judge's order four years ago, is absurd," the company said in a blog post.
Apple did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.
U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers in Oakland said in an 80-page ruling that Apple failed to comply with her prior injunction order, which was imposed in an antitrust lawsuit brought by "Fortnite" maker Epic Games.
Apple had said it "strongly disagrees" with the decision, but it would comply with the court's order, adding that it plans to appeal.
Both Spotify and Apple have been engaged in a longstanding and contentious rivalry, centered around the Cupertino, California-based company's App Store policies and their impact on the streaming company's business operations.
Spotify updated its app on Apple devices to include pricing information of its various plans and services in the European Union in August 2024, several months after the iPhone maker had rejected such a move.
Separately, Apple trimmed its share buyback program by $10 billion on Thursday, with CEO Tim Cook telling analysts that tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter.
(Reporting by Jaspreet Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Alan Barona)
TOKYO (Reuters) -The U.S. dollar headed for a third-straight weekly gain as signs of progress in Washington's talks with some of its trading partners and better-than-expected data eased concerns over investments in the world's largest economy.  The dollar, U.S. Treasuries and shares have bounced from steep declines last month as President Donald Trump's erratic tariff policies drove fears of a recession and sapped confidence in U.S. assets.  The focus now turns to the release of nonfarm payrolls figures later in the global day.
The jump from leased-on driver to running under your own authority feels easy when you’re frustrated with your current situation. You start thinking, “Man, if I’m doing all the work, why am I giving up 20%, 30%, even 40% of the money?” And you’re not wrong to feel that way. But emotion doesn’t pay for […] The post How to Get From Lease-On to Authority in 90 Days appeared first on FreightWaves.
BEIJING (Reuters) -The United States has approached China to seek talks over President Donald Trump's 145% tariffs and Beijing's door is open for discussions, China's Commerce Ministry said on Friday, signalling a potential de-escalation in the trade war.  The U.S. should be prepared to take action in correcting "erroneous" practices and cancel unilateral tariffs, the commerce ministry said in a statement, adding that Washington needs to show "sincerity" in negotiations.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) -Mexico's government will gradually reduce the standard work week to 40 hours, Labor and Social Security Minister Marath Bolanos said on Thursday, in a move expected to take full effect by January 2030.  Speaking at a Labor Day event, Bolanos said the ministry will hold a series of forums in cities across the country from June to July to help shape a proposal for the gradual transition.  Mexico currently has a 48-hour work week.
(Reuters) -Chinese carmakers including BYD and Chery are selling more plugin-hybrids in the European Union to avoid import tariffs on Chinese-made electric cars, data released on Friday showed.  The two brands sold 3,269 and 757 plugin-hybrid vehicles (PHEVs), respectively, in the bloc in March, up from near zero sales in July 2024 when provisional tariffs were first introduced, research firm Rho Motion said in a report.  EU tariffs of up to 45.3% on Chinese-built battery-electric vehicles (BEVs) came into full effect in November to prevent a flood of cheap cars.
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
Brent crude futures rose 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $62.51 a barrel by 0136 GMT, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures added 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $59.62 a barrel.  China's commerce ministry on Friday said the United States has recently taken steps to open a dialogue with Beijing by conveying information through relevant parties.  Concerns that the broader trade war could push the global economy into a recession and crimp oil demand, just as the OPEC+ group is preparing to raise output, have weighed heavily on oil prices in recent weeks.
(Bloomberg) -- China said it is assessing the possibility of trade talks with the US, the first sign since Donald Trump hiked tariffs last month that negotiations could begin between the two sides.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead
The grocery-delivery company, formally known as Maplebear, saw profit slip in the first quarter as operating expenses increased. Shares rose in after-hours trading.
Meta stock rose after Q1 earnings beat estimates and the tech giant offered a better-than-anticipated outlook.