Apple Tops March-Quarter Targets On Record Services Revenue. But Stock Slips.
2025-05-01 22-02
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/3dd390b9-0d49-3008-8689-aed950418a3d/apple-tops-march-quarter.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple comfortably beat estimates for its fiscal second quarter, thanks to record services revenue. But Apple stock fell in extended trading.
Apple (AAPL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.48% and 1.16%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Bears Got ‘Pantsed’ & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Philip Morris International Inc. (NYSE:PM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed […]
When investing in this space stock, volatility could be your friend -- so long as the stock drops more before earnings, not after.
In recent month, economists and Wall Street analysts have speculated that U.S. importers and consumers were trying to get in front of tariffs by accelerating their purchases in February and March, thus pulling forward demand for the rest of the year.  Apple CEO Tim Cook said Thursday he saw no evidence of that in the company's latest period.  "If you look at the March quarter, we don't believe that we saw obvious evidence of a significant pull forward in demand in the March quarter due to tariffs," Cook said on the company's earnings call Thursday evening.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the Trump administration’s tariffs, if they remain at their current levels, will cost Apple about $900 million in the current quarter that runs through June.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for GoDaddy (GDDY) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.