Gold Heads for Weekly Loss as Traders Pare Back US Rate Cut Bets
2025-05-02 00-25
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gold-heads-weekly-loss-traders-002511720.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — Gold (GC=F) was set for its first back-to-back weekly loss this year, as risk appetite returned to Wall Street on strong tech earnings and traders curbed their bets on US interest-rate cuts this year after factory activity data.
Most Read from Bloomberg
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
NYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
Bullion traded little changed near $3,240 an ounce — putting losses this week at more than 2% — after a report showed manufacturing activity shrank in April at a pace that slightly surprised to the upside. Markets pared wagers on the size of the Federal Reserve’s easing trajectory this year, with the first quarter-point rate reduction fully priced in for July. Both higher rates and yields tend to weigh on non-interest bearing gold.
Elsewhere, the precious metal’s haven appeal faded as earnings largely drove optimism in markets alongside potential trade-talk progress between the US and other nations. Still, Thursday’s financial results from tech behemoths Apple Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. underscored worries about the outlook, with both companies expecting a tougher business climate in coming months amid escalating tariff costs.
Investors continue to weigh the impacts of US President Donald Trump’s fast-evolving tariff agenda, which has roiled global markets. Vice President JD Vance said a trade deal with India will be “among” the first agreements, and added that negotiations were also underway with Japan, South Korea and “folks in Europe.”
Despite this week’s sharp selloff, gold is up about than a quarter this year and hit a record above $3,500 last week before losing some ground amid signs the rally was overheated. The ascent has been driven by investors taking refuge in the haven asset on mounting fears that unconventional policies from the White House could stoke a global slowdown.
Speculative demand in China and central-bank buying has also supported gains. Traders will on Friday also weigh a US jobs report, the last piece of significant data this week.
Spot gold was little changed at $3,242.97 an ounce as of 8:23 a.m. in Singapore, and is down 2.3% this week. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was flat, after a 0.5% gain in the previous session. Platinum was little changed while silver and palladium edged higher.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
TOKYO (Reuters) -The U.S. dollar headed for a third-straight weekly gain as signs of progress in Washington's talks with some of its trading partners and better-than-expected data eased concerns over investments in the world's largest economy.  The dollar, U.S. Treasuries and shares have bounced from steep declines last month as President Donald Trump's erratic tariff policies drove fears of a recession and sapped confidence in U.S. assets.  The focus now turns to the release of nonfarm payrolls figures later in the global day.
BEIJING (Reuters) -The United States has approached China to seek talks over President Donald Trump's 145% tariffs and Beijing's door is open for discussions, China's Commerce Ministry said on Friday, signalling a potential de-escalation in the trade war.  The U.S. should be prepared to take action in correcting "erroneous" practices and cancel unilateral tariffs, the commerce ministry said in a statement, adding that Washington needs to show "sincerity" in negotiations.
Brent crude futures rose 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $62.51 a barrel by 0136 GMT, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures added 38 cents, or 0.6%, to $59.62 a barrel.  China's commerce ministry on Friday said the United States has recently taken steps to open a dialogue with Beijing by conveying information through relevant parties.  Concerns that the broader trade war could push the global economy into a recession and crimp oil demand, just as the OPEC+ group is preparing to raise output, have weighed heavily on oil prices in recent weeks.
(Bloomberg) -- The US sued top health insurance companies and brokers, alleging they used illegal kickbacks to steer members into certain private Medicare Advantage plans.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund
(Reuters) -Chinese carmakers including BYD and Chery are selling more plugin-hybrids in the European Union to avoid import tariffs on Chinese-made electric cars, data released on Friday showed.  The two brands sold 3,269 and 757 plugin-hybrid vehicles (PHEVs), respectively, in the bloc in March, up from near zero sales in July 2024 when provisional tariffs were first introduced, research firm Rho Motion said in a report.  EU tariffs of up to 45.3% on Chinese-built battery-electric vehicles (BEVs) came into full effect in November to prevent a flood of cheap cars.
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
The jump from leased-on driver to running under your own authority feels easy when you’re frustrated with your current situation. You start thinking, “Man, if I’m doing all the work, why am I giving up 20%, 30%, even 40% of the money?” And you’re not wrong to feel that way. But emotion doesn’t pay for […] The post How to Get From Lease-On to Authority in 90 Days appeared first on FreightWaves.
Mati Carbon, a climate-tech startup based in Houston, just walked away with $50 million in prize money from the Elon Musk-backed XPrize Carbon Removal competition. The company announced the win, highlighting it as a major step toward scaling its carbon removal efforts globally. The funding positions Mati at the forefront of a massive shift in how carbon is removed from the atmosphere by spreading pulverized rock on farmland. Don't Miss: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) -Mexico's government will gradually reduce the standard work week to 40 hours, Labor and Social Security Minister Marath Bolanos said on Thursday, in a move expected to take full effect by January 2030.  Speaking at a Labor Day event, Bolanos said the ministry will hold a series of forums in cities across the country from June to July to help shape a proposal for the gradual transition.  Mexico currently has a 48-hour work week.
The gross profit of Loblaw's retail division rose 3.7% to C$4.36bn over the quarter.