Apple Q2 earnings_ A breakdown of Apple's services segment
2025-05-01 21-27
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-q2-earnings-breakdown-apples-212738343.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) posted fiscal second quarter figures that outdid top and bottom line expectations — adjusted earnings of $1.65 (vs. estimates of $1.62) and revenue of $95.4 billion (vs. estimates of $94.6 billion) — with the stock edging lower in Thursday's after-hours session.
Going in depth into the iPhone maker's other segments, Yahoo Finance senior reporter Alexandra Canal breaks down the components and revenue of Apple's digital services businesses in the second quarter.
A federal judge found Apple (AAPL) in violation of a 2021 court order demanding the tech giant to enable broader competition for app developers and payment methods on its App Store.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
We're taking a closer look under the hood of Apple's second quarter earnings, and joining us now is Yahoo Finance senior reporter, Alexandra Canal, with more. Hi, Ally.
Hi, Julie. Yeah, a lot to dig into in this report, but what's stuck out to me is that Apple isn't just a hardware company. In fact, its services segment is quietly becoming one of the most important parts of its business. So let's start there because while the iPhone still drives most of Apple's revenue, the services side, which includes everything from the App Store to iCloud, Apple Music and subscriptions like Apple TV Plus, that's becoming a big profit powerhouse. Last year, the segment alone pulled in over 96 billion dollars, nearly a quarter of Apple's total revenue, and it's growing faster than any other part of the company. Even Apple's financial services, like Apple Pay and the new Apple Card savings account, they're no longer just side projects. They're really becoming mainstream offerings, further locking users into Apple's expanding ecosystem. This is a new all-time revenue high, but was a slight miss compared to consensus estimates. That does translate to about 76% gross margins, compared that to just 36% margins for hardware, so it's a very highly profitable stream of income, and unlike hardware, which depends heavily on new product cycles, services generate recurring revenue. So even if you don't buy a new iPhone, you might pay monthly for iCloud storage. You could subscribe to Apple Music or stream on Apple TV Plus. And let's not forget the App Store, right? A judge earlier, ruling that Apple's current 27% fee for developers is anti-competitive. Now, that's becoming a big point of contention for these developers which are required to comply with Apple's guidelines in order to use their payment system. The case has now been referred for potential criminal contempt. So a major development to watch on the legal side of things here. Meanwhile, Apple's streaming business, Apple TV Plus, is reportedly losing about 1 billion dollars a year despite successful series like Ted Lasso and The Morning Show. Apple has been pouring tons of money into original programming. That's part of a long-term strategy to really build out its services segment. But the subscriber base is still relatively small, especially compared to streaming giants like Netflix or Disney Plus. So while Apple TV Plus boosts the brand and certainly adds value to the Apple ecosystem, financially it still seems to be a bit in the red. All that being said though, services remains Apple's second largest business, behind only the iPhone. It's outgrown both the Mac, the iPad, and it's becoming even more strategic as hardware sales slow globally. So in short, the next chapter of Apple's growth may not come from what's in your pocket, but from what you're actually paying each and every month. Josh, Julie.
Thank you, Ally.
Fiscal second-quarter earnings show that the Apple (AAPL) hasn’t lost its shine.
Strategy posts $5.8B in Bitcoin gains YTD, doubles capital plan to $84B, and raises BTC yield target to 25%.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as […]
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.