Dow Jones Futures Rise As China Says It's 'Evaluating' U.S. Trade Talks. Amazon, Apple Fall On Earni
2025-05-02 02-25
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/031f22c8-d478-31d0-b382-1f21fa27d913/dow-jones-futures-rise-as.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
Andy Jassy said in a Q2 earnings call that Amazon had encouraged sellers to pull forward goods so they could have inventory on hand in the U.S.
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
The 2025 Q1 earnings cycle is in full swing. And these three companies posted results that had investors pleased.
Stocks rallied like it was 2024 on Thursday as Big Tech earnings lifted the big three indexes.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 83 points, or 0.2%, while the S&P 500 gained 0.6%.  Both extended their winning streaks to eight sessions.
Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to ServiceNow (NOW). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.
“Made in the U.S.A. is the new Anthem,” says BofA Securities analyst John Murphy. If that is the case, Ford is already singing the chorus.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as […]
Amazon reported its first quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday.
Dominion Energy is an electric utility with an above-average 5% dividend yield.  Dominion Energy has a monopoly in one of the largest data center markets on the planet.  Dominion Energy (NYSE: D) has a number of very attractive features to offer dividend investors.
Quarterly revenue at Microsoft’s cloud-computing business jumps 21%, Eli Lilly reduces 2025 guidance, and Meta Platforms boosts its capital spending plans largely on AI investments. Meanwhile, a federal judge finds Apple violated an antitrust ruling. The iPhone maker is scheduled to report quarterly earnings later Thursday.