Apple (AAPL) Q2 Earnings and Revenues Surpass Estimates
2025-05-01 21-40
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-aapl-q2-earnings-revenues-214005910.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) came out with quarterly earnings of $1.65 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.61 per share. This compares to earnings of $1.53 per share a year ago. These figures are adjusted for non-recurring items.
This quarterly report represents an earnings surprise of 2.48%. A quarter ago, it was expected that this maker of iPhones, iPads and other products would post earnings of $2.36 per share when it actually produced earnings of $2.40, delivering a surprise of 1.69%.
Over the last four quarters, the company has surpassed consensus EPS estimates four times.
Apple , which belongs to the Zacks Computer - Micro Computers industry, posted revenues of $95.36 billion for the quarter ended March 2025, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 1.16%. This compares to year-ago revenues of $90.75 billion. The company has topped consensus revenue estimates four times over the last four quarters.
The sustainability of the stock's immediate price movement based on the recently-released numbers and future earnings expectations will mostly depend on management's commentary on the earnings call.
Apple shares have lost about 15.1% since the beginning of the year versus the S&P 500's decline of -5.3%.
While Apple has underperformed the market so far this year, the question that comes to investors' minds is: what's next for the stock?
There are no easy answers to this key question, but one reliable measure that can help investors address this is the company's earnings outlook. Not only does this include current consensus earnings expectations for the coming quarter(s), but also how these expectations have changed lately.
Empirical research shows a strong correlation between near-term stock movements and trends in earnings estimate revisions. Investors can track such revisions by themselves or rely on a tried-and-tested rating tool like the Zacks Rank, which has an impressive track record of harnessing the power of earnings estimate revisions.
Ahead of this earnings release, the estimate revisions trend for Apple: mixed. While the magnitude and direction of estimate revisions could change following the company's just-released earnings report, the current status translates into a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) for the stock. So, the shares are expected to perform in line with the market in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
It will be interesting to see how estimates for the coming quarters and current fiscal year change in the days ahead. The current consensus EPS estimate is $1.42 on $89.22 billion in revenues for the coming quarter and $7.17 on $403.63 billion in revenues for the current fiscal year.
Investors should be mindful of the fact that the outlook for the industry can have a material impact on the performance of the stock as well. In terms of the Zacks Industry Rank, Computer - Micro Computers is currently in the bottom 26% of the 250 plus Zacks industries. Our research shows that the top 50% of the Zacks-ranked industries outperform the bottom 50% by a factor of more than 2 to 1.
One other stock from the same industry, Dell Technologies (DELL), is yet to report results for the quarter ended April 2025. The results are expected to be released on May 29.
This computer and technology services provider is expected to post quarterly earnings of $1.68 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of +32.3%. The consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 0.7% lower over the last 30 days to the current level.
Dell Technologies' revenues are expected to be $23.16 billion, up 4.1% from the year-ago quarter.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Dell Technologies Inc. (DELL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Apple comfortably beat estimates for its fiscal second quarter, thanks to record services revenue. But Apple stock fell in extended trading.
Dell Technologies (DELL) concluded the recent trading session at $91.95, signifying a +0.21% move from its prior day's close.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Amazon (AMZN) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Peter Hadley will take the reins from Don McGuire, who has been finance chief since October of 2021.
Since January, federal bank regulators have done an about-face on crypto guidance, inspiring banks to explore the space.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Amgen (AMGN) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.