Apple Says Most of Its Devices Shipped Into U.S. Will Be From India, Vietnam
2025-05-01 22-43
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/dd4ba402-0e16-31c4-bcee-e82cf724313c/apple-says-most-of-its.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the Trump administration’s tariffs, if they remain at their current levels, will cost Apple about $900 million in the current quarter that runs through June.
Once deemed ‘uninvestible,’ China’s markets are now starting to converge with the U.S., Eric Wong writes in a guest commentary.
Fiscal second-quarter earnings show that the Apple (AAPL) hasn’t lost its shine.
In recent month, economists and Wall Street analysts have speculated that U.S. importers and consumers were trying to get in front of tariffs by accelerating their purchases in February and March, thus pulling forward demand for the rest of the year.  Apple CEO Tim Cook said Thursday he saw no evidence of that in the company's latest period.  "If you look at the March quarter, we don't believe that we saw obvious evidence of a significant pull forward in demand in the March quarter due to tariffs," Cook said on the company's earnings call Thursday evening.
Apple reported fiscal second-quarter revenue and earnings that surpassed analysts’ expectations, with higher-than-expected iPhone sales.
Although some metrics were lower than expected, they're moving in the right direction.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Apple (AAPL) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Paramount Global-B (PARA) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.