Apple (AAPL) Q2 Earnings and Revenues Surpass Estimates
2025-05-01 21-40
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-aapl-q2-earnings-revenues-214005910.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) came out with quarterly earnings of $1.65 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.61 per share. This compares to earnings of $1.53 per share a year ago. These figures are adjusted for non-recurring items.
This quarterly report represents an earnings surprise of 2.48%. A quarter ago, it was expected that this maker of iPhones, iPads and other products would post earnings of $2.36 per share when it actually produced earnings of $2.40, delivering a surprise of 1.69%.
Over the last four quarters, the company has surpassed consensus EPS estimates four times.
Apple , which belongs to the Zacks Computer - Micro Computers industry, posted revenues of $95.36 billion for the quarter ended March 2025, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 1.16%. This compares to year-ago revenues of $90.75 billion. The company has topped consensus revenue estimates four times over the last four quarters.
The sustainability of the stock's immediate price movement based on the recently-released numbers and future earnings expectations will mostly depend on management's commentary on the earnings call.
Apple shares have lost about 15.1% since the beginning of the year versus the S&P 500's decline of -5.3%.
While Apple has underperformed the market so far this year, the question that comes to investors' minds is: what's next for the stock?
There are no easy answers to this key question, but one reliable measure that can help investors address this is the company's earnings outlook. Not only does this include current consensus earnings expectations for the coming quarter(s), but also how these expectations have changed lately.
Empirical research shows a strong correlation between near-term stock movements and trends in earnings estimate revisions. Investors can track such revisions by themselves or rely on a tried-and-tested rating tool like the Zacks Rank, which has an impressive track record of harnessing the power of earnings estimate revisions.
Ahead of this earnings release, the estimate revisions trend for Apple: mixed. While the magnitude and direction of estimate revisions could change following the company's just-released earnings report, the current status translates into a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) for the stock. So, the shares are expected to perform in line with the market in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
It will be interesting to see how estimates for the coming quarters and current fiscal year change in the days ahead. The current consensus EPS estimate is $1.42 on $89.22 billion in revenues for the coming quarter and $7.17 on $403.63 billion in revenues for the current fiscal year.
Investors should be mindful of the fact that the outlook for the industry can have a material impact on the performance of the stock as well. In terms of the Zacks Industry Rank, Computer - Micro Computers is currently in the bottom 26% of the 250 plus Zacks industries. Our research shows that the top 50% of the Zacks-ranked industries outperform the bottom 50% by a factor of more than 2 to 1.
One other stock from the same industry, Dell Technologies (DELL), is yet to report results for the quarter ended April 2025. The results are expected to be released on May 29.
This computer and technology services provider is expected to post quarterly earnings of $1.68 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of +32.3%. The consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 0.7% lower over the last 30 days to the current level.
Dell Technologies' revenues are expected to be $23.16 billion, up 4.1% from the year-ago quarter.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Dell Technologies Inc. (DELL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Dell Technologies (DELL) concluded the recent trading session at $91.95, signifying a +0.21% move from its prior day's close.
Apple customers—old and new—are still using their iPhones, iPads, and other devices. “And thanks to our high levels of customer loyalty and satisfaction, our installed base of active devices once again reached a new all-time high across all product categories and geographic segments," Apple Chief Financial Officer Kevan Parekh said in the company's press release.
The Apple earnings call kicked off with CEO Tim Cook talking about the company's manufacturing plans in the U.S.  Cook reminded investors on the call that the company has recently announced plans to spend $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years.  The comments come with tech companies under pressure from President Donald Trump to bring manufacturing into the U.S. Apple currently makes most of its products in China.
On its second-quarter earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed the elephant in the room: tariffs.  "For the March quarter, we had a limited impact from tariffs as we were able to optimize our supply chain and inventory," he said.  Apple reported $66 billion in second-quarter expenses.
Apple beat revenue and profit estimates, fueled by strong growth in services revenue and modest gains in iPhone sales.  The company made progress shifting U.S. production out of China but faces challenges selling its phones and other electronics in that important market.  Apple remains a cash-generation machine, upping both its dividend and share-repurchase authorization.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Apple (AAPL) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) -Apple on Thursday trimmed its share buyback program by $10 billion, with CEO Tim Cook telling analysts that tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter as the iPhone maker shifts its vast supply chain to minimize the impact of President Donald Trump's trade war.  Cook also said Apple's planned $500 billion in spending to expand its U.S. footprint would involve both capital outlays and increased operational expenses as it builds out server and chip factories with its manufacturing partners.  In addition, he outlined how Apple has started to build up a stockpile of products so that the majority of its devices sold in the U.S. this quarter will not come from China.
Apple reported fiscal second-quarter revenue and earnings that surpassed analysts’ expectations, with higher-than-expected iPhone sales.
Motorola (MSI) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 5.65% and 0.53%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Peter Hadley will take the reins from Don McGuire, who has been finance chief since October of 2021.