Apple_ Growth in a Difficult Environment
2025-05-01 21-40
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/01/apple-growth-in-a-difficult-environment/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Here's our initial take on Apple's (AAPL 0.22%) financial report.
Investor focus coming into this quarter centered on how Apple is navigating ongoing trade wars. The answer was a mixed message.
First, the good news: Apple said a majority of its devices shipped into the U.S. in the June quarter will originate from India and Vietnam, alleviating concerns about how China-focused tariffs would eat into profits in 2025. But Apple also said that China revenue fell by more than 2% to $16 billion in its fiscal second quarter, falling slightly below analyst expectations.
Overall, the quarter was solid. Apple grew revenue by 5% and earnings per share by 8%, topping analyst estimates. Overall iPhone sales were up slightly, while services revenue posted solid 12% year-over-year gains.
Apple generated $24 billion in operating cash flow in the quarter and continues to boost the cash it is returning to shareholders. The company announced a new $100 billion share-repurchase program and said it is boosting its quarterly dividend by 4% to $0.26 per share.
Apple shares were down nearly 15% year to date heading into earnings, and the latest results were not enough to turn the momentum favorable. Apple shares were down 2% in after-market trading after the release of earnings but ahead of the company's call with investors.
The comments on sourcing iPhones outside of China will come as a relief, but investors are likely to still have questions about what lies ahead for Apple. A shift toward local brands in China could accelerate if U.S.-branded products lose favor due to ongoing trade tensions, a potential worry given that iPhone sales still account for roughly half of overall revenue.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
Other profit centers are also at risk. Apple's lucrative business getting royalties from Alphabet (GOOG 1.14%) in return for making Google the default search engine on the iPhone is at risk due to antitrust concerns.
Investors will likely be eager to hear Apple's outlook in the face of so many headwinds as well as details on Apple product refreshes and AI enhancements designed to stimulate future sales.
Motley Fool premium members saw this analysis first. Epic is our premier research service that delivers 5 new stock picks monthly, timely market insights, and powerful investing tools.
Ready to get ahead of the market? Join Epic today to access our complete research platform.
Join today ›
Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Lou Whiteman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.