Apple Expects to Pay a Wide Variety of Tariff Rates
2025-05-01 21-49
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/3c1140c0-fe83-3073-8b4c-e1f05553a39d/apple-expects-to-pay-a-wide.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
On Apple's second quarter earnings call, CEO Tim Cook gave some new details about the tariffs Apple expects to face on imports into the U.S. He said that a majority of third-quarter U.S. Apple iPhone sales will come from India, which currently faces no tariffs on smartphones.
The Apple earnings call kicked off with CEO Tim Cook talking about the company's manufacturing plans in the U.S.  Cook reminded investors on the call that the company has recently announced plans to spend $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years.  The comments come with tech companies under pressure from President Donald Trump to bring manufacturing into the U.S. Apple currently makes most of its products in China.
Apple beat revenue and profit estimates, fueled by strong growth in services revenue and modest gains in iPhone sales.  The company made progress shifting U.S. production out of China but faces challenges selling its phones and other electronics in that important market.  Apple remains a cash-generation machine, upping both its dividend and share-repurchase authorization.
On its second-quarter earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed the elephant in the room: tariffs.  "For the March quarter, we had a limited impact from tariffs as we were able to optimize our supply chain and inventory," he said.  Apple reported $66 billion in second-quarter expenses.
Aswath Damodaran, NYU Stern School of Business finance professor, says people are overestimating the long-term impact of tariffs on Apple. Apple's overall sales gained 5% to $95.4 billion, ahead of estimates, but sales from China declined 2.3% to $16 billion in the fiscal second quarter, missing analyst estimates.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.