Apple_ Why this analyst isn't 'too concerned' about China tariffs
2025-05-01 21-31
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-why-analyst-isnt-too-213122553.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) may avoid the worst of upcoming tariffs on China.
Antoine Chkaiban, New Street Research technology infrastructure analyst, explains why Apple’s diversification strategy and planned US investments lessen the risk of tariff impacts.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
What about how you're thinking through tariffs? I mean, obviously we're waiting to hear from the company, but what do you wanna know, uh, from Apple in terms of tariffs and and what ultimately do you think the effect could be?
Yes, so Julia, I think we're not too concerned here about tariffs because, um, I mean, of course as you know the vast majority of Apple's products are assembled in China, uh, and the the US announced, uh, earlier this month, uh, I mean actually in April, of course, to that they will exempt smartphones, computers and other consumer electronics, uh, from reciprocal tariffs but they are still subject to the 20% uh, tariff when they're imported from from China. Now Apple has already started to diversify away from China and they will continue to do so. Um, they're probably going to accelerate the pace of which they do so, actually. And the 20% tariff is actually a strong incentive to continue that shift and um, I've seen reports that Apple aims to source all US iPhones from India by the end of 2026. India today, just to put some context around that represents already about 20% of iPhone manufacturing, um, and I think it can already cover in a half of the US market. So assuming that the pace of deployment of capacity in India accelerates, that will probably take about a year, you know, for Apple to grow the Indian supply chain enough to fully cover the US market. So at the end of the day, um, I think you know, that's that's very consistent, you know all that news flow around India. And lastly, the US administration is very transactional, you know we we think it's legitimate to expect some level of concessions, um, given Apple, you know is committing to invest 500 billion in the US. Um, and at the end of the day the administration, you know is setting the bar at a maximum leverage to start, uh, the negotiations. Um, and has no intention in our view of harming unnecessarily and excessively US businesses and US consumers. So the bottom line is that we're not too concerned about tariffs. Uh, there there are other more fundamental challenges that Apple is facing that worry us.
Apple reported fiscal second-quarter revenue and earnings that surpassed analysts’ expectations, with higher-than-expected iPhone sales.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for GoDaddy (GDDY) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
On Apple's second quarter earnings call, CEO Tim Cook gave some new details about the tariffs Apple expects to face on imports into the U.S. He said that a majority of third-quarter U.S. Apple iPhone sales will come from India, which currently faces no tariffs on smartphones.
The headline numbers for Universal Display (OLED) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Apple beat revenue and profit estimates, fueled by strong growth in services revenue and modest gains in iPhone sales.  The company made progress shifting U.S. production out of China but faces challenges selling its phones and other electronics in that important market.  Apple remains a cash-generation machine, upping both its dividend and share-repurchase authorization.
Basic Fun CEO Jay Foreman says they are looking at furloughs or layoffs because trade has stalled with China due to the tariffs. He speaks with Scarlet Fu on "Bloomberg Markets"
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.