Consumers Didn't Hoard iPhones in Advance of Tariffs
2025-05-01 22-22
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/955763d1-cfa1-3c37-84fb-44974a786617/consumers-didn%27t-hoard.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
In recent month, economists and Wall Street analysts have speculated that U.S. importers and consumers were trying to get in front of tariffs by accelerating their purchases in February and March, thus pulling forward demand for the rest of the year. Apple CEO Tim Cook said Thursday he saw no evidence of that in the company's latest period. "If you look at the March quarter, we don't believe that we saw obvious evidence of a significant pull forward in demand in the March quarter due to tariffs," Cook said on the company's earnings call Thursday evening.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the Trump administration’s tariffs, if they remain at their current levels, will cost Apple about $900 million in the current quarter that runs through June.
Fiscal second-quarter earnings show that the Apple (AAPL) hasn’t lost its shine.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
Apple faces the prospect of paying almost $1bn in extra costs thanks to Donald Trump’s trade war, its boss has said.
Nvidia bulls can breathe a sigh of relief on AI demand, for now.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
The&nbsp;Los Angeles Department of Water and Power&nbsp;is returning to the municipal bond market with a&nbsp;$1 billion offering, roughly three months after shelving a sale in the immediate wake of historic wildfires that began burning in Southern California on Jan 7. Belle Haven Investments Partner Director of Research Dora Lee has more on the story.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.