Apple in 'early innings' of post-tariff adjustment phase
2025-05-01 22-26
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-early-innings-post-tariff-222633345.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) navigated a quiet quarter with little new product buzz, while keeping tight-lipped on early tariff impacts.
Cleo Capital managing director Sarah Kunst and Neuberger Berman senior research analyst Dan Flax discuss what's next for demand, costs, and the upcoming iPhone cycle.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
the fact that Apple is really obviously trying to navigate this landscape, um, what do you make of of how they appear to be adapting? And also the idea that they don't seem to be seeing any kind of changes in demand as of yet.
I mean, you have to remember that this quarter, uh, the reporting that came out doesn't have a ton of insight into the sort of post-tariff environment. Um, and what little insight it did have, they were not eager to share in detail. Um, and so yeah, I don't know if we're seeing a ton of of that impact yet, but I also think that it is early innings to see how it plays out. Um, this also isn't a huge quarter for sales in general. It's after the holidays. There's not, you know, a ton of really exciting new product right now. Uh, so I I think that they are doing okay, and they certainly don't want to say anything to the contrary.
Dan, I want to bring you in here as well. It does look like Dan, like the stock is extending its decline a bit. We're down nearly four four percent right now in the after hours, but your your thoughts, Dan, on the report, the results, and how Tim Cook is quantifying tariff impact saying June quarter can't estimate precisely, he says, but assuming current rates don't change, impact could add 900 million to cost then.
I think the quarter was decent overall, and certainly over the next, uh, uh, 12 weeks, um, uh, until the next report, uh, the the market's going to to be very, very focused on on how the tariff, um, dynamics play out. But if we think about the next few months, they'll have the developer conference in June where I think they'll preview a little bit more around Apple intelligence, which which certainly needs work. And then, uh, later in the summer, we'll get iPhone 17, and of course we'll have more clarity on tariffs at that point. What I think the market will focus on into the back half is how is that new iPhone 17 product cycle likely to shape up, and can we see better growth as we head into next year? I don't think there's there's anything, um, uh, dramatic that the company can can do given its size, but they have been making changes to their supply chain over the last several years, and that will clearly continue. What I think will matter for the stock into the back half and next year is execution on the new product cycles and ultimately demonstrating that growth is is durable and that can translate into strong earnings and free cash flow as we think about the year ahead.
In recent month, economists and Wall Street analysts have speculated that U.S. importers and consumers were trying to get in front of tariffs by accelerating their purchases in February and March, thus pulling forward demand for the rest of the year.  Apple CEO Tim Cook said Thursday he saw no evidence of that in the company's latest period.  "If you look at the March quarter, we don't believe that we saw obvious evidence of a significant pull forward in demand in the March quarter due to tariffs," Cook said on the company's earnings call Thursday evening.
Apple faces the prospect of paying almost $1bn in extra costs thanks to Donald Trump’s trade war, its boss has said.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the Trump administration’s tariffs, if they remain at their current levels, will cost Apple about $900 million in the current quarter that runs through June.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold was set for its first back-to-back weekly loss this year, as risk appetite returned to Wall Street on strong tech earnings and traders curbed their bets on US interest-rate cuts this year after factory activity data.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First
US stock market reached an all-time peak in December 2024, and will never reach those highs again, says Christopher Wood, Global Head of Equity Strategy at Jefferies. Instead, investors should buy European, Chinese, Japanese, and Indian equities. Woods spoke on "The Pulse with Francine Lacqua" on Bloomberg TV.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.