Apple earnings beat expectation as Americans rush to buy iPhones before tariffs
2025-05-01 22-17
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-tops-wall-street-expectations-174900555.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Fiscal second-quarter earnings show that the Apple (AAPL) hasn’t lost its shine.
Thursday after the bell, Apple reported $95.4 billion in revenue, up 5% year-over-year, and quarterly diluted earnings per share of $1.65, up 8% year-over-year amid robust demand, even as geopolitics threaten its supply-chain wizardry. But while the company beat Wall Street’s earnings expectations for the fifth quarter in a row — exceeding estimates of $1.60 EPS and $94.2 billion in revenue — sales from its key services unit and from China disappointed.
Apple’s second-quarter earnings were buoyed by American consumers rushing to buy Apple products before President Donald Trump’s far-reaching tariffs could really take hold. The company also released the iPhone 16e during its second quarter, a lower-end phone that comes with limited AI features.
On the whole, Apple beat expectations across much of its hardware department, reporting iPhone revenue of $46.84 billion (versus $45.84 billion estimated), Mac revenue of $7.95 billion (versus $7.77 billion estimated), and iPad revenue of $6.4 billion (versus $6.20 billion estimated).
Yet its services segment — which includes the App Store, iCloud, Apple Music, and other recurring streams — just missed expectations, coming in at $26.65 billion, below the $26.70 billion analysts anticipated. Services revenue was still up 11.65% from a year ago.
Apple’s stock slid more than 2% in volatile after-hours trading shortly after the results.
Apple was among the hardest-hit tech giants due to its exposure to China, where it currently manufactures 90% of the iPhones it sells in the U.S. Almost every question during the company’s earnings call had to do with tariffs. Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company saw “limited impact” from tariff-related effects this quarter, largely due to a temporary exemption for electronics.
“We are uncertain of potential future actions prior to the end of this quarter,” he said.
But, he added, if current global tariff rates remain the same, the financial impact could be significant next quarter: Apple could see an estimated $900 million added to its costs for the June quarter.
President Donald Trump’s trade war has turned into a structural headwind for Apple’s global operations. To mitigate tariff risks, Apple is accelerating its shift away from China. Now, Cook said, most of Apple’s third-quarter iPhone sales will come from devices assembled in India, with other products increasingly produced in Vietnam.
Apple sought to get ahead of Trump’s tariffs by shipping approximately $2 billion worth of iPhones from India to the U.S.; the company did so to maintain its inventory levels and stave off price hikes. ​
On the earnings call, Cook was also asked about a blockbuster antitrust ruling yesterday that said Apple violated an order to reform its App Store. Cook said the company “strongly disagrees” with the ruling and that it plans to appeal.
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
In recent month, economists and Wall Street analysts have speculated that U.S. importers and consumers were trying to get in front of tariffs by accelerating their purchases in February and March, thus pulling forward demand for the rest of the year.  Apple CEO Tim Cook said Thursday he saw no evidence of that in the company's latest period.  "If you look at the March quarter, we don't believe that we saw obvious evidence of a significant pull forward in demand in the March quarter due to tariffs," Cook said on the company's earnings call Thursday evening.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the Trump administration’s tariffs, if they remain at their current levels, will cost Apple about $900 million in the current quarter that runs through June.
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
Binky Chadha, chief global strategist and head of asset allocation at Deutsche Bank, expects a "credible relent on trade policies" to fuel a significant rally in US stocks as he says tariffs have "hurt US growth more than we are hurting anyone else."
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
When the stock market bounced back last week after a rough few weeks, many investors were left wondering: What changed? According to personal finance expert Suze Orman, "It’s because of one word — and that word is hope." Here's a closer look at why Orman says the market rallied — and what that could mean moving forward. Don't Miss: Deloitte's fastest-growing software company partners with Amazon, Walmart & Target – Many are rushing to grab 4,000 of its pre-IPO shares for just $0.26/share! Maker
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Apple (AAPL) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.