Title: Bitcoin Slips With XRP, ADA as Nvidia's Massive $5.5B Charge Sours Investor Sentiment
Date: 2025-04-16 00:48
URL: https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2025/04/15/bitcoin-slips-with-xrp-ada-as-nvidia-s-massive-usd5-5b-charge-sours-investor-sentiment?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Consensus 2025 Prices Increase This Friday02DAY12HOUR25MIN49SECThe mood in the equity and crypto market turned sour late Tuesday as Nvidia shares crashed in after-hours trading following a $5.5 billion charge tied to the Trump administration's decision to ban the company's H20 chip sales to China.Bitcoin, the leading cryptocurrency by market value, fell to $83,600, extending the retreat from the two-week high of $86,440 reached earlier in the day, CoinDesk data showed. Payments-focused XRP followed a similar trajectory, falling over 2% to $2.08, while Cardano's ADA token slipped 4% to $0.61. The CoinDesk 20 Index, a broader market gauge, weakened over 2%.Meanwhile, coins supposedly associated with artificial intelligence (AI) continued to fare worse as shares in NVDA tanked 8% to $89.10 after the company disclosed in a regulatory filing that it expects to write down $5.5 billion in the fiscal first quarter due to the new restrictions on exports of its H20 chip to China. The news came a day after unusual activity in NVDA put options pointing to an impending market swoon.The futures tied to the Nasdaq index fell over 1% as well, offering negative cues to risk assets in general.The next catalyst awaiting release Wednesday morning Eastern time is the U.S. retail sales report for March. Per economists polled by Dow Jones, the data is expected to show a 1.2% increase in consumer spending on the month, up from a 0.2% climb in February. A better-than-expected report will likely help assuage recession fears triggered by President Donald Trump's trade war with China and other trading partners. However, there is a risk that markets will dismiss it as backward-looking, failing to account for the major escalation in trade tensions seen this month.Federal Reserve's Chairman Jerome Powell is also scheduled to speak on Wednesday at the Economic Club of Chicago on his outlook for the U.S. economy."All eyes are on Powell. Markets are holding their breath for Powell on Wednesday. Between the trade war and rising recession chatter, traders are watching for any hint the Fed might be forced to cut sooner than expected," Secure Digital Markets said in Tuesday's research note.The forward-looking market-based measures like the inflation breakevens have dropped amid trade tensions, pointing to the disinflationary impact of Trump's tariffs. That could provide the Fed with a leeway to cut rates.Early this week, Federal Reserve Governor Christopher Waller said the bank would be forced to quickly make a series of "bad news" rate cuts if the U.S. president reimposes the levies unveiled on April 2. Trump announced sweeping tariffs on 180 nations on April 2 but quickly suspended the same for most nations, excluding China, for 90 days.Read more: Bitcoin Hovers at $85K as Fed’s Waller Suggests 'Bad News' Rate Cuts if Tariffs ResumeOmkar Godbole is a Co-Managing Editor on CoinDesk's Markets team based in Mumbai, holds a masters degree in Finance and a Chartered Market Technician (CMT) member.  Omkar previously worked at FXStreet, writing research on currency markets and as fundamental analyst at currency and commodities desk at Mumbai-based brokerage houses. Omkar holds small amounts of bitcoin, ether, BitTorrent, tron and dot.AboutContactUse precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. 
        List of Partners (vendors)
        We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
            Privacy PolicyThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.