Title: JP Morgan cuts oil price forecasts on weak demand, higher output
Date: 2025-04-14 18:20
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/jp-morgan-cuts-oil-price-182015399.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
(Reuters) - JP Morgan on Monday lowered its oil price forecasts for 2025 and next year, citing higher production from OPEC+ and weaker demand.
The bank cut its 2025 Brent price forecast to $66 per barrel from $73 and its 2026 target to $58 from $61. It lowered the 2025 WTI price outlook to $62 per barrel from $69 and the 2026 view to $53 from $57.
Brent crude futures were trading around $65 on Monday, and U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were around $61. [O/R]
JP Morgan now expects global oil demand to increase by 0.8 million barrels per day (mbd), with growth averaging only 0.3 mbd in the third quarter.
"Higher production volumes from the OPEC+ alliance indicate a shift in the reaction function, which, when combined with weaker demand, will push balances into a large surplus and drive Brent down below $60 towards year-end," the bank said in a note.
The oil market remains under pressure from an "80% probability of a mild recession coupled with an additional 1 mbd of increased" production by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), JP Morgan analysts said.
While OPEC+ is poised to gain market share in 2025, stabilizing the market at $60 Brent in 2026 would require the alliance not only to reverse current production increases, but to implement further cuts, JP Morgan said.
Earlier this month, Goldman Sachs reduced its Brent and WTI oil forecasts for 2025 and 2026 on the expectation of higher OPEC+ supply and the risk of an escalating trade conflict will trigger a global recession, denting demand.
(Reporting by Brijesh Patel and Ishaan Arora in Bengaluru; Editing by Chris Reese and Leslie Adler)
Spiking yields are credited with forcing the president's stunning about-face on tariffs. Here's why bonds are boss
Canadian stocks really can offer it all, especially when looking at long-term growth in these few. The post Top Canadian Stocks to Buy for Long-Term Gains appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
Hedge fund Qube Research & Technologies disclosed a roughly $105 million short position in Trump Media & Technology Group on Monday, according to a filing with Germany's federal Gazette Bundesanzeiger.  Qube's disclosed position in Trump Media, which was first reported by research firm Breakout Point, equates to 2.53% of the total free float of Trump Media, which is 53% owned by President Donald Trump and is the parent company of the Truth Social platform.  Trump Media did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment about the short position.
Teck Resources and Agnico-Eagle Mines offer quality materials stock exposure at a time when both companies are thriving. The post 2 Materials Stocks I’d Buy With $20,000 Whenever They Dip in Price appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
Investing.com -- BofA Securities has projected that the Bank of Canada (BoC) will lower its overnight policy rate by 25 basis points to 2.50% on April 16. This expectation comes amid signs that economic activity and the labor market in Canada are showing significant slowdowns, with heightened uncertainty due to tariffs. Despite this anticipated move, BofA Securities anticipates limited forward guidance from the BoC and a potential pause at the 2.50% rate for some time.
FLINT — Just north of downtown Flint, Mich., a two-story red brick building known as Factory One sits as just one reminder of the rich history here of the American automobile industry.
TORONTO — Experts say the Greater Toronto Area condo market is unlikely to awaken from its lull any time soon even as other major Canadian cities see somewhat more promising demand.
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks are rising worldwide Monday after President Donald Trump relaxed some of his tariffs, for now at least, and as stress from within the U.S. bond market seems to be easing.
TORONTO — Pricing trends are getting pushed all over the place these days by big economic shifts, resulting in what's expected to be another elevated inflation reading in Canada this week.
(Reuters) -Intel has agreed to sell a 51% stake in its Altera programmable chip business to buyout firm Silver Lake for $4.46 billion, in the first major move by new CEO Lip-Bu Tan to revive the struggling American chipmaker.  Monday's deal values Altera at just $8.75 billion compared to the nearly $17 billion Intel paid in 2015, but the sale will provide the company much-needed cash after hefty bets on contract manufacturing by former CEO Pat Gelsinger strained its finances.  Shedding assets, including Intel's stake in Altera, is at the center of Tan's strategy to streamline the chipmaker after predecessors failed to diversify beyond its mainstay PC and server chip business for years.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.