Title: ExxonMobil Deems Gas Find at Elektra-1 Well Commercially Unviable
Date: 2025-04-15 16:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxonmobil-deems-gas-elektra-1-165800026.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM, the U.S. oil and gas giant, has failed to find commercially feasible natural gas reserves at an exploratory well, namely Elektra-1, which was drilled offshore Cyprus earlier this year. Earlier, XOM had mentioned that it collected extensive three-dimensional (3D) seismic data and discovered several large prospects offshore Cyprus, including the Electra prospect. Based on the evaluation of the seismic data, the company stated that the Electra prospect was promising.
The U.S. energy major recently completed drilling activities at the Elektra-1 well. The Ministry of Energy, Commerce and Industry in Cyprus noted that preliminary assessments and the data collected from the exploratory well indicated that the gas reserves at the prospect were commercially infeasible for development. However, the ministry also noted that XOM’s initial assessments, following the drilling operations, have shown promising results. The initial results of the evaluation confirm the presence of a hydrocarbon system alongside high-quality reservoirs.
The drilling operations at the Electra prospect were conducted by a consortium comprising ExxonMobil Exploration and Production Cyprus, and QatarEnergy International E&P LLC, with the former acting as the operator. The Elektra-1 well was drilled in Block 5 of the Exclusive Economic Zone (“EEZ”) in Cyprus. ExxonMobil holds exploration licenses in two offshore blocks in Cyprus, with QatarEnergy as its partner.
The country's energy ministry has stated that the information collected while conducting drilling operations will be analyzed further and considered by the consortium before determining its future plans in Block 5. The consortium will now focus on drilling another exploratory well, Pegasus-1, located in a different offshore block in Cyrus’ EEZ.
The results pose a major setback for Cyprus as the country is yet to produce natural gas from its offshore discoveries. Cyprus is trying to secure its position as an alternative natural gas supplier to the European Union (EU). After Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2022, many European nations are trying to diversify their gas supply sources, and the Mediterranean region has attracted significant attention due to its offshore gas reserves. However, the initial assessment of the Elektra-1 well has dealt a blow to Cyprus’ ambitions to establish itself as an alternative supplier and contribute to the EU’s energy security.
XOM currently carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).
Some better-ranked stocks from the energy sector are Archrock Inc. AROC, Nine Energy Service NINE and Kinder Morgan, Inc. KMI. While Archrock currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), Nine Energy Service and Kinder Morgan carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) each. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Archrock is an energy infrastructure company based in the United States with a focus on midstream natural gas compression. It provides natural gas contract compression services and generates stable fee-based revenues. With natural gas playing an increasingly important role in the energy transition journey, AROC is expected to witness sustained demand for its services.
Nine Energy Service provides onshore completion and production services for unconventional oil and gas resource development. It operates across key prolific basins in the United States, including the Permian, Eagle Ford, MidCon, Barnett, Bakken, Rockies, Marcellus and Utica, as well as throughout Canada. With a sustained demand for oil and gas in the future, the need for NINE’s services is anticipated to increase, which should position the company for growth in the long run.
Kinder Morgan is a leading North American midstream player with a stable and resilient business model, largely driven by take-or-pay contracts. KMI’s stable business model shields it from commodity price volatility, resulting in predictable earnings and facilitating reliable capital returns to its shareholders.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Archrock, Inc. (AROC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Nine Energy Service, Inc. (NINE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does Wells Fargo (WFC) have what it takes? Let's find out.
Enstor has accepted the FERC certificate, marking a significant milestone for the Mississippi Hub Expansion Project, which is expected to be operational by 2028.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Gambling Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where DraftKings Inc. (NASDAQ:DKNG) stands against other best gambling stocks to buy according to analysts. Gambling stocks include companies that own, run, or manage lawful gambling activities and events […]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -Microsoft said on Tuesday it signed a contract for a project in Louisiana that would remove 6.75 million metric tons of carbon dioxide over 15 years, which it says is the world's biggest permanent carbon removal project to date.  The technology giant's greenhouse gas emissions were 29.1% higher than 2020 levels last year amid growing demand for energy for artificial intelligence uses and it last reported annual greenhouse gas emissions of 17.2 million tons at the end of 2023.  The bioenergy carbon capture and storage project being developed by carbon capture company AtmosClear is located at the Port of Greater Baton Rouge and will use materials like sugarcane bagasse and forest trimmings to generate energy and capture the associated carbon emissions and store them underground.
BP, together with its partner CVX, operates the Far South field, situated 4 miles toward the north of the Constellation field.
StoneCo and RH have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Shell (NYSE:SHEL) stands against other undervalued energy stocks. On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ to discuss […]
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
