Title: Exxon Mobil (XOM)_ The Best Undervalued Energy Stock to Invest in Now
Date: 2025-04-15 13:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-xom-best-undervalued-133541929.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other undervalued energy stocks.
On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ to discuss his outlook on the energy sector. He believes that natural gas is positioned to lead growth in the future within the energy sector. This natural gas demand is driven by electricity and energy exports. Thummel noted that the energy and tech sectors are converging due to advancements like AI and data centers. Electricity demand fuels natural gas consumption, while US energy exports help meet global needs for low-cost and low-carbon energy. He also highlighted that the US is now emerging as the largest exporter of LNG, even though it was an LNG importer just years ago. He anticipates that the US LNG exports will soon 2x in volume over time. Thummel also expects Europe and other countries to prioritize energy security and diversify their supply sources. This will ensure reliance on US energy exports.
Thummel emphasized a focus on energy infrastructure companies while discussing his specific investment strategies as they tend to be stable and have high dividend yields even in uncertain market conditions. He thinks that the certainty provided by energy infrastructure investments in an otherwise volatile market should not be neglected. Such companies generate substantial annual cash flows while maintaining disciplined financial practices.
Thummel thinks that the energy sector trades at a discount to historical valuations despite its fundamentals. This offers the potential for high returns.
We used the Finviz stock screener to compile a list of the top energy stocks that had a forward P/E ratio under 15 as of April 10. We then selected the 11 stocks that were the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 1000 elite money managers.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Aerial view of a major oil rig in the middle of the sea, pumping crude oil.
Forward P/E Ratio as of April 10: 13.77
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 104
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) manufactures, trades, transports, and sells crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals, and other specialty products. It’s also pursuing lower-emission and other business opportunities, such as carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima systems, carbon materials, and lithium.
The acquisition of Pioneer assets has strengthened the company’s position in the Permian basin. In 2024, the company achieved record production from both its Heritage ExxonMobil assets and the newly acquired Pioneer assets. The combined strength of these assets is projected to yield an average of more than $3 billion per year in synergies. Production is expected to increase from 1.5 million oil-equivalent barrels per day at the end of 2024 to 2.3 million barrels per day by 2030. This represents ~50% growth.
The Permian Basin is a key contributor to Exxon Mobil Corp.’s (NYSE:XOM) overall upstream portfolio, which achieved the highest-ever production from its advantaged assets and the highest liquid production from its overall portfolio in more than 40 years. The company’s focus on low-cost supply, low emissions intensity, and high returns in the Permian ensures that this segment will continue to drive growth.
Overall, XOM ranks 1st on our list of the best undervalued energy stocks to invest in now. While we acknowledge the growth potential of XOM, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than XOM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
After two banner years of 20%-plus returns, the S&P 500 has stumbled hard in 2025. Although the index posted a solid gain of 2.7% in January, it's been all downhill since, with the slide being...
The United Nations’ Net-Zero Banking Alliance has updated its guidelines in the wake of departures, with its latest guidance aiming for global warming “well below 2°C.”
Boeing stock falls on reports that China will halt orders from the Dow Jones manufacturer in response to President Trump's tariffs.
(Reuters) -Hedge fund Elliott Investment Management has built a stake of more than $1.5 billion in Hewlett Packard Enterprise, a person familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.  Elliott, one of the world's biggest activist investors, now ranks among the information technology company's biggest investors and plans to engage with management, said the person who was not permitted to discuss the campaign publicly.  Details of what Elliott may be pushing HPE, which is valued at $20 billion, to do could not be immediately determined.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May. While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment […]
- Taxable-bond ETFs reached 30% market share, triple their position from a decade ago. - Long-term fund inflows hit the lowest point since April 2024 amid economic uncertainty. - Gold funds saw the strongest inflows since 2020 as investors sought safe-haven assets.
As previously reported, CIBC upgraded Torex Gold Resources (TORXF) to Outperformer from Neutral with a price target of C$58, up from C$42, citing that company’s progress in achieving its “key milestones.” Torex Gold pre-released Q1 production of 59,630 gold equivalent ounces and with Q1 operational results now priced into the shares and “many of the key transitional risks resolved,” investors can instead look forward to the remainder of 2025, which the firm says will be “an important year for To
Speaking on CNBC recently, Chris Caso, a senior analyst at Wolfe Research, said that “the AI space and tariffs in particular are… the best places to hide right now.” More of Caso’s Comments on NVDA Nvidia’s valuation is attractive, and the tech giant’s recently announced decision to manufacture its upcoming chips at Taiwan Semi’s (TSM) […]
President Donald Trump's tax returns have revealed strategies that reduced his tax bills but also highlighted risks every taxpayer should avoid. Find Out: 7 Tax Loopholes the Rich Use To Pay Less and...
Investment management company Vulcan Value Partners recently released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The first quarter experienced the return of volatility. The companies’ management teams expressed a more cautious view following the recent election. Optimism has given way to uncertainty about tariffs and potential impacts on earnings, inflation, […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
