Title: Oil Falls as Progress on Iran Talks Undercuts Tariff Reprieve
Date: 2025-04-14 17:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-steady-trump-tariff-reprieve-223603774.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil slipped as the prospect of looser restrictions on Iranian crude undercut the benefit of the US’s temporary reprieve on some tariffs.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
West Texas Intermediate slid below $61 a barrel, and Brent dipped to near $64. While equities rallied after US President Donald Trump paused import duties on some electronics, fresh data revealing that American consumers see higher inflation in the year ahead weighed on oil futures.
The US and Iran met on Saturday for nuclear talks that both sides described as constructive, raising the possibility of higher oil volumes from the OPEC member. Weekend talks in Oman marked the first top-level engagement since 2022 and signaled a renewed effort to resolve a years-long standoff over the country’s nuclear program. Both sides agreed to meet again.
On the demand side, traders are grappling with a rapidly evolving outlook. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries slashed its projections for annual consumption growth by about 100,000 barrels a day, following a larger cut by the US Energy Information Administration. More banks also reduced their price forecasts, with JPMorgan Chase & Co. now seeing Brent at $66 this year.
Crude has been dragged down in April as the trade war — especially the confrontation between the US and China — stokes fears of a global recession that would hurt energy demand. A surprise OPEC+ decision to bring back shuttered output more quickly than expected has added to the bearishness.
“While the market has already priced in some future inventory builds, we expect large surpluses,” Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analysts including Daan Struyven said in a note, estimating a glut of 800,000 barrels a day this year. Brent is expected to average $63 over the rest of 2025, they said.
Oil’s losses this month have formed part of an intense global market reaction to the evolving trade war, with most commodities and equities selling off. Investors pulling out of crude and fuel markets triggered a $2 billion net outflow in the week ending April 11, JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Tracey Allen wrote in a note to clients.
There have also been unusual declines in the US dollar and Treasuries, assets that typically function as havens during periods of stress.
To get Bloomberg’s Energy Daily newsletter in your inbox, click here.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump’s tariff exclusions for smartphones and other tech products have added to a growing set of confusing signals for companies and trading partners digesting how to engage a White House still promising to negotiate dozens of new deals in America’s favor.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLisbon Mayor
Argentina's grain industry welcomed an exchange-rate overhaul on Monday, though the new measures will likely not translate into immediate sales as the harvest remains behind schedule, experts said.  Late on Friday, Argentina's central bank loosened foreign-exchange controls, a long-awaited measure twinned with billions of dollars to be disbursed by development banks including the International Monetary Fund.  Lifting of the controls is also meant to speed up agricultural sales, a prime source of cash from abroad.
Oil prices are forecast to continue falling in 2025, but the drop will need to be even more dramatic than expected for the Trump administration to step in and support markets.
The major U.S. equities indexes edged higher at midday Monday after President Trump temporarily exempted smartphones, computers, and other electronics from his "reciprocal" tariffs.
President Donald Trump on Monday suggested that he might temporarily exempt the auto industry from tariffs he previously imposed on the sector, to give carmakers time to adjust their supply chains.  “I’m looking at something to help some of the car companies with it,” Trump told reporters gathered in the Oval Office.  The statement hinted at yet another round of reversals on tariffs as Trump's onslaught of import taxes has panicked financial markets and raised deep concerns from Wall Street economists about a possible recession.
President Trump said he is looking at some short-term tariff exemptions to help car companies and said he exempted smartphones and certain electronics from recent tariffs in order to help U.S. smartphone makers, including Apple.  On autos, Trump says he’s considering the exemptions for car companies that are looking to switch making parts from Canada and Mexico to the U.S.  “I’m looking at something to help some of the car companies,” Trump told reporters at the White House, without giving any additional details.
A Verve Therapeutics treatment was found to cut cholesterol levels by more than half—with just one shot. The stock jumped Monday.
Answering reporters’ questions in the Oval Office, Trump said he may cut deals for car companies to help them manage the impact of tariffs.  Currently, 25% levies apply to car imports, with similar levies for car parts expected in early May.
The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.
Here's what Wall Street is saying about another chaotic week for markets.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.