Title: Goldman Sachs Shares Climb as Bank Posts Best-Ever Trading Quarter
Date: 2025-04-14 17:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-shares-climb-bank-173420664.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Shares of Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) climbedabout 3%on Monday morning after the bank posted stronger-than-expected first-quarter earnings, driven by a stellar showing from its equities trading unit.
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with GS.
Net income for the quarterrose 15%from a year ago to $4.74 billion, or $14.12 per share, beating analyst expectations of $12.33. Revenue grew 6% year-on-year to $15.06 billion, topping forecasts of $14.77 billion.
The biggest boost came from Goldman's stock trading desk, which delivered $4.2 billion in revenue, a 27% increase from the same period last year and the best quarter on record for the unit.
CEO David Solomon said the firm is confident in its ability to support clients despite evolving market conditions as it heads into the second quarter.
The earnings follow a strong report from JPMorgan (NYSE:JPM) last week, which saw a 9% jump in quarterly profit to $14.6 billion. Wall Street's robust Q1 could face fresh challenges, however, as newly imposed U.S. tariffs begin to ripple through markets in the months ahead.
This article first appeared onGuruFocus.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Goldman (GS) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Goldman (GS) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 11.09% and 0.27%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Semiconductor Equipment Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where KLA Corporation (NASDAQ:KLAC) stands against other best semiconductor equipment stocks to buy according to analysts. As per Straits Research, the US semiconductor manufacturing equipment market size was […]
President Trump said he is looking at some short-term tariff exemptions to help car companies and said he exempted smartphones and certain electronics from recent tariffs in order to help U.S. smartphone makers, including Apple.  On autos, Trump says he’s considering the exemptions for car companies that are looking to switch making parts from Canada and Mexico to the U.S.  “I’m looking at something to help some of the car companies,” Trump told reporters at the White House, without giving any additional details.
GS first quarter 2025 results reflect a rise in the Global Banking & Markets division, with record Equity trading revenues.
A Verve Therapeutics treatment was found to cut cholesterol levels by more than half—with just one shot. The stock jumped Monday.
The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.
Deutsche Bank, a German institution, today downgraded its rating on GM (GM) to Hold from Buy. The bank downgraded the shares primarily due to the Trump administration’s tariff policies. Long-Term Effects of Tariffs Cited as Key to the Downgrade GM stock could tumble over the longer term due to the Trump administration’s imposition of tariffs, […]
Google Classroom introduced a new AI-powered feature designed to help teachers generate questions. Launched on Monday, this tool lets educators create a list of questions based on specific text input. Using this text-dependent question generation tool, which utilizes Gemini, teachers can either upload files from Google Drive or manually enter text for the AI to generate questions. They can then export the questions into a Google Doc or Google Form. Educators can choose from a variety of filters,
We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued billionaire […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.