Title: Wall Street’s Trading Revenue Powered by Tariff Uncertainty
Date: 2025-04-14 14:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/bde9f905-3992-3fba-8ab2-5028b07aa067/wall-street%E2%80%99s-trading-revenue.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
A surge in trading activity fueled by investor uncertainty about President Trump’s policies is minting money for Goldman Sachs and other big banks. The Wall Street firm joined JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley in reporting a bigger profit for the first quarter, fueled by record revenue in its equities trading and lending unit. Banks have been raking in fees as investors reposition their portfolios in anticipation of how Trump’s trade and other economic policies might rattle markets.
Goldman Sachs  reported first-quarter profit that beat analysts’ expectations as tumultuous markets proved a double-edged sword: The bank’s trading business boomed, benefiting from market swings, while revenue from investment bankers’ advisory work declined.  New York-based Goldman reported $4.74 billion of profit, or earnings per share of $14.12, on revenue of $15.06 billion in the first quarter.  Analysts expected Goldman to report per-share earnings of $12.33 on revenue of $14.77 billion, according to estimates compiled by FactSet.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Indian Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we will take a look at where Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (NYSE:RDY) stands against other best Indian stocks. India’s stock market had a rough ride during the second half of FY25, amid uncertainty around US tariffs, […]
Stocks have tumbled in recent weeks as President Donald Trump set out a tariff plan on products from countries around the world, and the biggest decliners have been in the tech sector.  A tax on these goods as they cross the U.S. border would weigh heavily on tech companies' costs, translating into pressure on earnings.  All of this pushed the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite into a bear market and left many market giants like artificial intelligence (AI) chip leader Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) and internet search and cloud powerhouse Alphabet at bargain valuations.
A day after President Trump and administration officials warned about looming tariffs on semiconductors and other tech products, Nvidia said it will work with chip manufacturers and packaging firms to make supercomputers that power artificial intelligence entirely in the U.S.  The company says it will be the first time AI supercomputers are completely built domestically.  Tech-industry analysts have warned that Trump’s tariffs will weaken the U.S. in its AI race with China.
Goldman Sachs earnings beat Q1 views as global banking revenue offset declines elsewhere. The Dow giant was cautious on Q2. But GS stock rose.
In a short trading week, we’ll also see earnings from J&J, Abbott Labs, and ASML. A retail sales report will be the most important economic data release against the backdrop of ongoing tariff volatility.
We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where BP p.l.c. (NYSE:BP) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in 2025, […]
Apple stock rose Monday on news that smartphones, PCs and other electronics received an exemption from U.S. reciprocal tariffs.
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.