Title: US Treasuries Slide as Solid Jobs Market Gives Fed Room on Rates
Date: 2025-05-02 20:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-treasuries-slide-solid-jobs-204242523.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — US Treasuries fell after stronger-than-expected US employment data showed tariff uncertainty hasn’t hit the nation’s jobs market yet, prompting traders to trim bets on imminent interest-rate cuts.
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The declines on Friday pushed yields on two- to five-year notes higher by more than 10 basis points after non-farm payrolls rose 177,000, above all estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Traders pulled back on bets for Federal Reserve rate reductions, pricing in 79 basis points of total easing this year, compared to around 90 basis points before the report.
Traders pared their expectations for a rate cut in the coming months, only pricing in the next move in the second half of the year. Economists at Goldman Sachs and Barclays pushed back their forecasts for the Fed to lower its benchmark to July, rather than June, after the data.
The Fed is “going to have to wait until they see any kind of impact in terms of a rise in the unemployment rate,” Jeffrey Rosenberg, a portfolio manager at BlackRock Inc., said on Bloomberg Television. “None of this data reflects the impact of the shock, and we will have to see that data show up.”
Two-year yields are on course for their largest two-day rise since October as investors rethink bets that President Donald Trump’s tariffs will quickly slow the world’s largest economy. On Thursday, bonds fell after a manufacturing survey came in stronger than anticipated.
For investors, it’s a question of how to weigh the economic pessimism that has been seen in some recent surveys against the resilience in top-tier measures of employment such as Friday’s jobs report. US consumer confidence fell in April to an almost five-year low.
Traders in the futures and options markets trimmed back their expectations for the Fed, fully pricing in only three quarter-point rate cuts before the end of 2025, versus four earlier in the week. Only 24 basis points of easing are priced in for July, just shy of a full quarter-point cut. There’s about 46 basis points of cumulative easing priced in by September.
One popular trade has emerged that stands to benefit should the Fed refrain from cutting rates at all this year. That position was bought again in the lead-up to the employment report.
“Cutting in late July allows the committee to see more data on the evolution of the labor market, and should benefit from resolving uncertainty about tariffs and fiscal policy,” Barclays chief US economist Marc Giannoni and his colleagues wrote in a note on Friday, adjusting their forecast to a July move from a June one.
Goldman Sachs economists led by Jan Hatzius also pushed back their forecast for the Fed to cut rates to July from June, citing payrolls and manufacturing survey data.
In the aftermath of Friday’s data, a couple of large futures block trade in both 5- and 10-year note contracts added to the downside pressure and kept yields supported near highs of the day. The combined risk weighting across the two sales was equal to just over $1 million per basis point move.
Complicating matters for the economic outlook is uncertainty over what tariffs will eventually be instated and when, as US negotiations with key trading partners are underway or being planned. China has quietly started to exempt some US goods from tariffs that likely cover around $40 billion worth of imports, in what looks like an effort to soften the blow of the trade war on its own economy. Japan, meanwhile, said trade discussions will likely gain momentum in mid-May.
For now, Fed officials have been waiting to see what top-tier economic data reveals, while remaining an guard against the possibility that tariffs will push up inflation. Speaking in late April, Fed Governor Christopher Waller said that he’d support rate cuts if there’s a significant rise in unemployment, which could happen if Trump reinstates more aggressive tariff levels and firms begin laying off more workers.
“We know that all of these singular data points can be noisy, so you still need to see some consistency of data for the Fed to act,” said Kristina Campmany, a senior portfolio manager at Invesco, in an interview. Money market pricing reflects the “bimodal” risks to the outlook which could see the Fed stand pat on rates or cut aggressively, she said.
The labor data offers the last major reading of the US economy’s health ahead of the Fed’s two-day gathering next week. Traders and economists alike expect the Fed to keep rates on hold when they meet next week, despite pressure from Trump to cut rates. The Republican renewed his call for lower rates on Friday in a social media post.
There’s been “no major effect from the April tariffs in the labor market so far,” said Evelyne Gomez-Liechti, a strategist at Mizuho. “The Fed is in no rush to cut rates, especially given the increased policy uncertainty, which is creating risks to both sides of their dual mandate.”
—With assistance from Kristine Aquino.
(Updates with prices throughout, rate forecast.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
How an Israeli Hostage Negotiator Outsmarts Ransomware Hackers
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
Several of America's tech giants posted better-than-expected earnings this week, even as worries about the economy in the face of shifting tariff policies and tightening trade restrictions loomed.
The S&P 500 jumped 1.5% on Friday, May 2, 2025, as the latest jobs report revealed a strong pace of hiring in April despite tariff-related uncertainties.
The Buffett Indicator has dropped from all-time highs, suggesting stock valuations are looking more attractive after April's volatility.
The Fed is yet to release the new ratings for U.S. banks with over $100 billion or more in assets and intends to wait until the Senate confirms Michelle Bowman as the new top banking cop, the report added, citing people familiar with the matter.  The Federal Reserve declined to comment on the matter, when contacted by Reuters.  Bowman was nominated by President Donald Trump for the vice chair for supervision role, the Fed's top regulatory post.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -President Donald Trump on Friday asked Congress to approve $3.2 billion in contributions to the World Bank's International Development Association (IDA), which provides low- or zero-interest loans to the world's poorest countries.  International finance experts hailed the sum, to be paid over three years, as a welcome surprise, given recent worries that Trump could skip making any contribution to IDA.  Former President Joe Biden had pledged to contribute $4 billion, but that money has not yet been transferred.
Palantir is scheduled to report quarterly results after the closing bell Monday, with analysts largely taking a wait-and-see approach on the artificial intelligence software firm.
MGX, a fund backed by Abu Dhabi, will make a $2 billion investment in the cryptocurrency exchange Binance Holdings Ltd using a digital coin developed by a Trump family firm.
The data helped to assuage concerns of a economic slowdown following a Commerce Department report, showing a contraction in U.S. gross domestic product for the first time in three years, weighed down by a tariff-induced flood of imports.  Beijing said on Friday it was evaluating an offer from Washington to hold talks over President Donald Trump's 145% tariffs, which he had imposed on Chinese imports.  The tit-for-tat tariffs between the world's two largest economies have kept investors on edge, with both sides unwilling to be seen backing down in a trade war that has roiled global markets.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold is on pace to record its first back-to-back weekly loss this year as haven appeal eased on strong US jobs data and progress in international trade talks.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the Fir
A possible de-escalation of trade tensions between Beijing and Washington provided a fillip for markets on Friday, boosting risk sentiment and lifting stocks globally just as earnings from Apple delivered a reminder of the trade war's true cost.  China's Commerce Ministry said that Beijing was "evaluating" an offer from Washington to hold talks over U.S. President Donald Trump's 145% tariffs and that Beijing's door was open for discussions.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio