Title: M&A is slowing in US but accelerating worldwide during new Trump era
Date: 2025-04-30 08:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ma-is-slowing-in-us-but-accelerating-worldwide-during-new-trump-era-080058301.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
US dealmaking is down in the new Trump era but accelerating in other parts of the world.
The volume of announced US mergers and acquisitions as measured in dollar value fell 5.7% for the year through April 28, to $586.5 million, when compared with the same period last year, according to Dealogic data.
That is the slowest start for US M&A in two years.
On the other hand, deal volume outside of the US posted its best year to date result since 2022. Announced mergers in the rest of the world surged 43% in dollar value through April 28 from the same period a year ago, to $702 million.
US dealmaking had a tepid stretch in April as President Trump’s "Liberation Day" tariff announcement triggered widespread uncertainty about the economy and ushered in a period of extreme volatility for markets.
Some companies put deals on hold as they waited for greater clarity about the path ahead. On April 9, the president paused many of the Liberation Day duties for 90 days to give countries time to negotiate new trade deals with the US.
"M&A is like a barometer of business confidence, and people are feeling uncertain and the changes are very hard for boardrooms to work out," Lucinda Guthrie, head of data provider Mergermarket, told Yahoo Finance recently.
"A number of processes have been pulled or paused" through April ahead of planned public announcements, Guthrie added.
US M&A volume fell 8% during the month through April 28, according to Dealogic. Merger volume across the rest of the world gained 2%.
The subdued start to 2025 is a disappointment for many on Wall Street who hoped the president’s economic agenda would unleash a new dealmaking boom.
Goldman CEO David Solomon told Bloomberg on Tuesday that "policy actions to date have raised the level of uncertainty to a degree that I don't think is healthy for investment and growth, and I think it's going to be important that we get more clarity."
There have been signs of some activity, however. The two largest deals of the year so far — Alphabet’s (GOOG) $32 billion agreement to acquire Wiz and Sycamore Partners' move to take Walgreens private — happened in March, according to Dealogic, as did eight of the other top 15 deals.
And things did improve in February and March, before Trump's April 2 announcement. In fact, the merger advisory business at Goldman Sachs (GS), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), Citigroup (C), and Morgan Stanley (MS) climbed 5% collectively during the first quarter from a year ago, to $2.8 billion.
Some US corporations also don't have the luxury of waiting for trade policy to settle, forcing them to get more creative in deal structuring.
Boeing (BA) last Tuesday announced plans to sell portions of its digital aviation software unit to private equity firm Thoma Bravo for $10.55 billion, all in cash.
Earlier this month, US semiconductor firm Intel (INTC) announced plans to sell a 51% stake in its programmable chip unit, Altera, to private equity firm Silver Lake. Silver Lake is deferring $1 billion of the purchase to be paid out over the next two years, according to an SEC filing.
"If the level of uncertainty grows from here, yes, you won't see the same amount of capital markets activity," Goldman's Solomon said during a Tuesday Bloomberg interview in Oslo, Norway.
"But my own belief is things will settle down."
David Hollerith is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance covering banking, crypto, and other areas in finance.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Fresnillo (FNLPF) has been upgraded to a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), reflecting growing optimism about the company's earnings prospects. This might drive the stock higher in the near term.
Mergers and acquisitions activity in sports tech has started the year strong after a record 2024, showing only tentative signs of caution around President Donald Trump’s tariffs and the resulting trade war, U.S. investment bank Drake Star said in a new market analysis released Thursday. “While the broader M&A market was still recovering from a …
Bishop T.D. Jakes explained on Yahoo Finance's The Big Idea podcast that businesses that are purpose-driven will find profit — even in real estate.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Earn 5% cash back on valuable Discover cash-back rotating categories like grocery stores, Target, gas stations, and Amazon.com.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio