Title: Charles Schwab eyes crypto trading launch
Date: 2025-05-02 13:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/charles-schwab-eyes-crypto-trading-launch-131444457.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Listen and subscribe to Opening Bid on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Amazon Music, YouTube or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.
Charles Schwab (SCHW) wants its piece of the crypto trading pie.
"There's lots of ways for clients to get invested in crypto at Schwab. And we provide lots of insights and education around crypto," Charles Schwab CEO Rick Wurster told me on Yahoo Finance's Opening Bid podcast (video above; listen in below).
"We are going to add spot crypto trading in the next 12 months. We're going to focus initially on bitcoin and ethereum. It'll be on our Thinkorswim platform and then shortly after on Schwab.com and on mobile."
Wurster said Schwab has no plans to enter the meme coin trading environment.
"Those are areas we will leave to the side and let someone else make available. We're focused on those everyday investors that want crypto to be a part of their portfolio," Wurster said.
Charles Schwab isn't the only old-school investment firm eyeing a deeper role in the crypto community.
Execs at Morgan Stanley (MS) are looking to add spot cryptocurrency trading on its E*trade trading platform in 2026, Bloomberg reported on Thursday.
Listen: Why the CEO of Edward Jones doesn't see crypto as an asset class
A Morgan Stanley spokesperson declined to comment to Yahoo Finance.
The brokerages are both attempting to cash in on a friendlier crypto backdrop under the Trump administration.
The SEC dropped lawsuits against several crypto trading companies like Coinbase (COIN) and Robinhood (HOOD) after Trump took office. On April 21, pro-crypto Securities and Exchange Commission Chair Paul Atkins was sworn in — replacing the more anti-crypto Gary Gensler.
Meanwhile, the SEC also pulled accounting guidance that had restricted banks from providing custody for cryptocurrencies.
And the signature move by Trump was creating a strategic bitcoin reserve on March 6.
Despite the efforts, bitcoin slid more than 10% during Trump's first 100 days in office as investors went risk off against the flurry of tariff-related headlines.
"Long term, we believe Bitcoin fundamentals are being driven by its own demand trajectory and its mathematically proven immutable supply of 21 million coins. Bitcoin mined today stands at 19.9 million and of the remaining 1.1 million to be mined, almost 95% will be mined over the next 10 years. Hard to be bearish, in our view, on this asset with the current demand-supply dynamics," Bernstein analyst Gautam Chhugani said.
Three times each week, I field insight-filled conversations and chats with the biggest names in business and markets on Opening Bid. You can find more episodes on our video hub or watch on your preferred streaming service.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Your day-ahead look for May 2, 2025
The IRS has relied on voluntary disclosure programs to bring taxpayers into compliance rather than imposing punitive actions upfront. A similar model should be applied to crypto regulation as well, says Miles Fuller, Director of Government Solutions, TaxBit.
Could a centuries-old seasonal market pattern be a sign of further losses? Bitcoin’s five-year performance leans toward “yes.”
Sell-side bulls from Benchmark and TD Cowen viewed Michael Saylor and team's plan as a bold yet realistic escalation of its bitcoin-focused strategy amid rising institutional interest.
The group rolled out its own stablecoin in January to avoid traditional currency restrictions.
"I don’t think focusing on Bitcoin DeFi will dilute or complicate Bitcoin’s core narrative." Farrelly said.
The pair took voluntary resignation offers and left their positions after only a little more than a year of government service, according to two people.
MGX, a fund backed by Abu Dhabi, will make a $2 billion investment in the cryptocurrency exchange Binance Holdings Ltd using a digital coin developed by a Trump family firm.
Ford pays a generous dividend yield while trading at a modest P/E ratio.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump said Harvard University would lose its tax-exempt status, stepping up his attack on the Ivy League school with a threat that was decried as out of his jurisdiction.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll R
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio