Title: Is Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) a NASDAQ Stock with the Highest Upside Potential?
Date: 2025-04-12 12:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-corp-nasdaq-msft-nasdaq-124112063.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of the13 NASDAQ Stocks with the Highest Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other NASDAQ stocks with high upside potential.
On April 7, Dan Ives of Wedbush Securities joined CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ to discuss how the current tariff environment could impact tech supply chains. Musk’s actions and Trump’s tariffs have contributed to broad economic uncertainty, which Ives also referred to as the economic Armageddon for US tech in an earlier conversation. He expressed concern about the structural supply chain challenges posed by recent tariffs and geopolitical tensions. Ives highlighted that the US tech sector has historically maintained an edge over China but this could be wiped out if manufacturing were relocated to the US. The logistical hurdles of building manufacturing plants in the US are not negligible and it would take 4 to 5 years to establish facilities capable of sustaining production levels comparable to those in Asia.
He also acknowledged that he hasn’t downgraded major stocks like the ones in MAG7 but remains cautious. If these previously highlighted issues persist for months, Ives anticipates drastic cuts in earnings. This uncertainty surrounding tariffs could lead to lower demand for emerging technologies like AI and cybersecurity. He explained that this situation could severely impact the US tech companies and lead to broader cuts across the tech sector — potentially up to 25% in earnings. He also criticized Elon Musk’s political involvement, which he believes has caused permanent damage to his brand and customer base. He estimated a 20% demand destruction in Europe and 10% in the US.
We used the Finviz stock screener to select the 13 stocks with the highest analysts’ upside potential (at least 35%) as of April 8. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of their upside potential. We have also added the hedge fund sentiment for each stock, as of Q4 2024, which was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
Average Upside Potential as of April 8: 39.72%
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 317
Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) develops and supports software, services, devices and solutions worldwide. These are mainly offered through its Productivity and Business Processes segment, the Intelligent Cloud, and the More Personal Computing segment. It sells its products through OEMs, distributors, and resellers, and also directly through digital marketplaces, online, and retail stores.
On April 8, Jefferies lowered the price target on Microsoft from $500 to $475, while acknowledging the macroeconomic pressures that slightly reduced their fiscal year estimates by 1% to 2% for the software and internet sectors. However, the firm maintained a Buy rating on the stock because of the company’s position in AI-driven cloud, productivity, and business solutions.
In FQ2 2025, the company’s AI revenue surged by 175% year-over-year, which represented a $13 billion annual run rate. While Azure’s growth recently slowed down a bit, this performance excluded the impact of AI in this segment. Azure AI services grew by 157% in FQ2, which was 13 points of the segment’s overall growth. Over 200,000 monthly users are already on Azure AI Foundry, and Azure OpenAI app usage has doubled. Azure cloud revenue grew 31%. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) now expects 31% to 32% Azure growth in FQ3.
Generation Global Equity Strategy expressed optimism about the company due to its AI leadership potential. It stated the following regarding Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) in its Q4 2024investor letter:
“Microsoft Corporation(NASDAQ:MSFT), the world’s largest software company, has been in the portfolio for over a decade. We like the firm because its products align closely with society’s evolving needs. As the world digitises, demand for Microsoft’s tools will continue to grow. The company enjoys a wide economic moat – built on its unique market position, deep customer understanding and extensive global footprint.
Overall, MSFTranks 11thon our list of NASDAQ stocks with the highest upside potential. While we acknowledge the growth potential of MSFT, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thecheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
President Trump’s tariff exemptions on some electronics are the latest twist in U.S. trade policy and could benefit companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Dell, Samsung and others that manufacture some products abroad.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.