Title: Winners And Losers Of Q4_ Genesco (NYSE_GCO) Vs The Rest Of The Footwear Stocks
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 09-04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/winners-losers-q4-genesco-nyse-090438247.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
The end of the earnings season is always a good time to take a step back and see who shined (and who not so much). Let’s take a look at how footwear stocks fared in Q4, starting with Genesco (NYSE:GCO).
Before the advent of the internet, styles changed, but consumers mainly bought shoes by visiting local brick-and-mortar shoe, department, and specialty stores. Today, not only do styles change more frequently as fads travel through social media and the internet but consumers are also shifting the way they buy their goods, favoring omnichannel and e-commerce experiences. Some footwear companies have made concerted efforts to adapt while those who are slower to move may fall behind.
The 8 footwear stocks we track reported a mixed Q4. As a group, revenues beat analysts’ consensus estimates by 2% while next quarter’s revenue guidance was in line.
Amidst this news, share prices of the companies have had a rough stretch. On average, they are down 33.8% since the latest earnings results.
Spanning a broad range of styles, brands, and prices, Genesco (NYSE:GCO) sells footwear, apparel, and accessories through multiple brands and banners.
Genesco reported revenues of $745.9 million, flat year on year. This print fell short of analysts’ expectations by 5%. Overall, it was a softer quarter for the company with adjusted operating income in line with analysts’ estimates.
Genesco delivered the weakest performance against analyst estimates of the whole group. The stock is down 47% since reporting and currently trades at $17.20.
Read our full report on Genesco here, it’s free.
Originally selling Japanese Onitsuka Tiger sneakers as Blue Ribbon Sports, Nike (NYSE:NKE) is a global titan in athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories.
Nike reported revenues of $11.27 billion, down 9.3% year on year, outperforming analysts’ expectations by 2.3%. The business had a stunning quarter with an impressive beat of analysts’ EPS estimates and a solid beat of analysts’ EBITDA estimates.
The stock is down 24.4% since reporting. It currently trades at $54.35.
Is now the time to buy Nike? Access our full analysis of the earnings results here, it’s free.
Synonymous with "dad shoe", Skechers (NYSE:SKX) is a footwear company renowned for its comfortable, stylish, and affordable shoes for all ages.
Skechers reported revenues of $2.21 billion, up 12.8% year on year, in line with analysts’ expectations. It was a softer quarter as it posted a significant miss of analysts’ EPS estimates and EPS guidance for next quarter missing analysts’ expectations.
As expected, the stock is down 39.7% since the results and currently trades at $45.66.
Read our full analysis of Skechers’s results here.
As seen in the infamous Wolf of Wall Street movie, Steven Madden (NASDAQ:SHOO) is a fashion brand famous for its trendy and innovative footwear, appealing to a young and style-conscious audience.
Steven Madden reported revenues of $582.3 million, up 12% year on year. This result topped analysts’ expectations by 5.7%. Taking a step back, it was a slower quarter as it recorded full-year EPS guidance missing analysts’ expectations.
The stock is down 47.4% since reporting and currently trades at $19.93.
Read our full, actionable report on Steven Madden here, it’s free.
Founded in 1883, Wolverine Worldwide (NYSE:WWW) is a global footwear company with a diverse portfolio of brands including Merrell, Hush Puppies, and Saucony.
Wolverine Worldwide reported revenues of $494.7 million, up 3% year on year. This print surpassed analysts’ expectations by 5.9%. More broadly, it was a slower quarter as it logged full-year EPS and revenue guidance missing analysts’ expectations.
Wolverine Worldwide pulled off the biggest analyst estimates beat but had the weakest full-year guidance update among its peers. The stock is down 47.6% since reporting and currently trades at $9.81.
Read our full, actionable report on Wolverine Worldwide here, it’s free.
In response to the Fed’s rate hikes in 2022 and 2023, inflation has been gradually trending down from its post-pandemic peak, trending closer to the Fed’s 2% target. Despite higher borrowing costs, the economy has avoided flashing recessionary signals. This is the much-desired soft landing that many investors hoped for. The recent rate cuts (0.5% in September and 0.25% in November 2024) have bolstered the stock market, making 2024 a strong year for equities. Donald Trump’s presidential win in November sparked additional market gains, sending indices to record highs in the days following his victory. However, debates continue over possible tariffs and corporate tax adjustments, raising questions about economic stability in 2025.
Want to invest in winners with rock-solid fundamentals? Check out our 9 Best Market-Beating Stocks and add them to your watchlist. These companies are poised for growth regardless of the political or macroeconomic climate.
Join Paid Stock Investor Research
Help us make StockStory more helpful to investors like yourself. Join our paid user research session and receive a $50 Amazon gift card for your opinions. Sign up here.
Delta Air Lines Inc. withdrew its full-year financial guidance due to uncertainty surrounding global trade as it reported first-quarter results. While Delta still anticipates a profit in 2025, it declined to reaffirm the forecast issued in January. Dani Burger reports on Bloomberg Television.
Oil prices swung wildly on Wednesday, sinking to a four-year low in anticipation of slowing economic growth due to a burgeoning trade war, before jumping 2% after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on most of his tariffs.  U.S. benchmark crude followed U.S. markets higher in the afternoon rising 2%, or $1.20, to $60.79 per barrel after the latest reversal by the Trump administration.  Energy prices mostly have been in decline since Trump's inauguration in January, with the cost of a barrel of oil sliding about $20 since the start of the year.
LOCO's ability to manage costs, adapt to evolving consumer preferences, and maintain a differentiated brand identity should support growth.
In the closing of the recent trading day, McDonald's (MCD) stood at $303.58, denoting a +1.25% change from the preceding trading day.
As the next leg of the rapidly escalating trade war comes into view, investors remain shell-shocked, extending a deep stock market rout and flocking to the safe-haven yen and Swiss franc, awaiting, and hoping, for some semblance of good news.  At the stroke of midnight (U.S. hours), President Donald Trump's reciprocal tariffs took effect, including 104% levies on Chinese goods, keeping fears of recession alive and upending a global trading order that has persisted for decades.  That has left investors scurrying for cover as the relief rally on Wednesday fizzled out and Asian stock markets were a sea of red.
The European Central Bank is ready to preserve financial stability in case of further market turmoil but the sector, including hedge funds, appears well prepared for the recent rout, ECB policymakers said on Wednesday.  Since U.S. President Donald Trump announced a raft of tariffs last week, stocks have fallen sharply, the dollar has weakened and U.S. Treasuries sold off overnight, raising fears of escalating market turmoil that could drag the world into a financial crisis.  "The Bank of France and the European Central Bank are fully mobilised to ensure the (euro zone) economy is well financed and (ensure) financial stability," French Central Bank chief Francois Villeroy de Galhau said.
British sportswear retailer JD Sports, one of Nike's largest customers, said on Wednesday it felt "really good" about the direction of the brand and their relationship despite trading and tariff challenges.  Shares in Nike, based in Beaverton, Oregon, have slumped 42% over the last year, initially due to weak trading in the face of intensifying competition and more recently the hit from U.S. President Donald Trump's imposition of new tariffs.  With almost 40% of JD's sales made in the U.S., the group is also exposed to the tariffs.
News of trade negotiations with Japan stoked fresh optimism on Tuesday, but by mid afternoon, the day's huge gains had been wiped out.
Across Wall Street, 44 publicly traded companies were upgraded Tuesday to an equivalent rating of "buy" or "neutral."
Top Chinese brokerages have pledged to help steady domestic share prices in a concerted effort, the Shanghai bourse said, and scores of listed companies unveiled stock buying plans, as the local market reels from an escalating trade war.  The Shanghai Stock Exchange said late on Tuesday it held a meeting with 10 brokerages to stress the importance of stabilising markets in the face of external shocks.  The participants, including Citic Securities, Orient Securities and Industrial Securities, expressed optimism about China's growth prospects, and vowed to steady the market, it said in a statement.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
