Title: GM, Tesla, & Ford; Nike falls; CarMax outlook_ Trending Tickers
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 13-54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/gm-tesla-ford-nike-falls-135457921.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Brad Smith and Madison Mills take a closer look at some of the trending tickers in premarket trading.
UBS analysts downgrade General Motors (GM) to Neutral from Buy and cut their price target for Tesla (TSLA), while Goldman Sachs downgrades Ford (F) to Neutral from Buy.
Nike (NKE) and Lululemon (LULU) fall, retreating from broad tariff pause highs, as investors assess the impact of increased tariffs on imports from China on retailers.
CarMax (KMX) pulls its long-term sales forecast, citing macro-level uncertainty.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.
Now time for some of today's trending tickers. You can scan the QR code below to track the best and worst performing stocks of the session with Yahoo Finances trending tickers page. This morning, we're taking a look at some downgrades for automakers due to tariffs, retailers retreating after getting a big bounce after the tariff delay and Carmax earnings. First up, let's talk a little UBS downgrade. General Motors is the subject of this one, from buy to neutral, and they've cut their price target for both GM and Tesla. Goldman Sachs, they downgraded Ford to neutral from buy and cut its price target. Both firms citing concerns about President Trump's 25% tariffs on autos and auto parts manufactured outside the US. Sector specific tariffs were not included in the 90-day delay. UBS estimating that the annual cost burden for General Motors could reach $5 billion. Shares of all of these names pre-market moving lower by about 3% from what I could see on the screen a moment ago.
Yeah, it's interesting in terms of just how quickly these analysts have to react to policy coming out of the White House because until the pause was announced from the president on all of these reciprocal tariffs, the 90-day pause, and then you had Secretary Howard Lattner confirming later to reporters that these auto tariffs were still in place. There was a question for a little while there about what the change in tariff policy meant specifically for the automakers, but we do know now that that tariff on automakers still remains intact here. So, no surprise to see some of these changes here. Also, we had UBS actually expecting GM to post a solid first quarter, forecasting Q1 2025 EPS about 9% above the consensus, but warning that guidance could be withdrawn due to macro and tariff related uncertainty. And will we continue to see more and more guidance withdrawn, and what would that mean for investors trying to assess out company earnings? That is a key question for this quarter. The next step, let's talk about your retailers. You got Nike and Lululemon moving to the downside in pre-market trading this morning. Why are they moving to the downside? Because they've got a lot of exposure to China. Nike in particular a very interesting one because of the degree of exposure. They had worked to move some of that exposure in their supply chains over to Vietnam, and then Vietnam is also hit with the tariff. So, this is a great example of how you will potentially see some of these individual tariffs really mattering in terms of negotiations over these next 90 days. Obviously, the China tariff at 125% is going to be killer for some of these retailers, but we still don't know what's happening with the Vietnam tariff. So that could also potentially still be a headwind even though the market yesterday acted like that 90-day pause was a great reprieve.
Retail is going to be massively struck by this. And one of the major things that you think about even beyond some of the household names in the swoosh and of course the wishbone that is Lululemon, and of course Lululemon might be a little bit more happy that for some of what they produce in Canada, of course that is where they are headquartered at and originate from. But of course the sourcing comes into mind and how some of those raw materials move throughout the manufacturing process for Lululemon, for Nike, even all the way down to the smallest players. The ones that you see a lot of people shopping from on Temu or on some of the random ones that pop into your social media feed or the new companies that have figured out a way to source products, textiles from China, from Vietnam, and then be able to sell them into the US market or other markets around the world for a considerable markup so that they can solidify their own margins. This is going to impact the entire retail industry. These two names just happened to be the publicly traded indicators that we can track in this near-term period of time.
Quote of the day, Claudia, some t-shirts are the new eggs.
Exactly. Yes. Oh my goodness. Finally here, shares of used car retail platform Carmax falling after posting an earnings mix. Carmax also pulled its long-term sales target goals of $33 billion annually, and then more than two million retail and wholesale vehicles. That was also part of it. The company cited quote, potential impact of broader macro factors for its removal of a timeline to reach those goals. You're seeing shares down here pre-market by about 11% ahead of the opening bell.
And another example of a company axing their timeline for long-term growth forecast. The company did not give specific financial guidance for fiscal 2026, and they suspended the timeline for long-term growth targets that they had announced previously. And of course, they cited broader macro factors as part of that. They previously did have guidance in terms of sales moving to the upside in fiscal 2026 through 2030. Obviously, that is now coming into question because of the potential impact of these tariffs.
OMV (OMVKY) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions could translate into further price increase in the near term.
The European Union will suspend its first wave of retaliatory duties against the U.S. for 90 days to focus on negotiations, after the Trump administration paused some global tariffs, a top EU official said.
Netflix stock historically has moved after its quarterly reports based on subscriber numbers. But that won't happen with its Q1 report.
NIKE resets for growth with bold innovation; lululemon powers ahead on product and global expansion. Which athletic leader is the better long-term play?
CarMax shares slid after the used-car retailer missed earnings expectations and said it could no longer give a time frame for financial goals it has been working toward for years.  Shares sank about 20% as of about midday Thursday, on pace for their biggest one-day drop since September 2022.
Bloomberg's Peter Elstrom explains how tariff concerns buoyed TSMC's sales. He joins Caroline Hyde and Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology."
(Bloomberg) -- A low-profile hedge fund executive who’s among the dozens of disciples tracing their roots to the late investing legend Julian Robertson is poised to become the face of the Trump administration’s sanctions strategy.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravaga
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Insiders Sold in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. (NYSE:MAA) stands against other stocks that insiders sold in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. Last week, President Donald Trump signed an executive order […]
ChampionX (CHX) was a big mover last session on higher-than-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions might not help the stock continue moving higher in the near term.
(Bloomberg) -- Economic angst enveloped every corner of Wall Street as US-China trade tensions escalate, sparking a slide in stocks, the dollar and oil, with liquidations in US assets pointing to disorder in the financial system.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagan
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
