Title: Trump's economy still hasn't shaken the faith of teens
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 12-28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trumps-economy-still-hasnt-shaken-the-faith-of-teens-122857921.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Despite economic uncertainty on the rise as Trump tariff talk morphed into reality, teens appear to be taking things in stride.
About 57% of US teens surveyed in Piper Sandler's closely watched "Taking Stock" spring research report said the economy was getting worse, down from 67% in the fall of 2024 and 65% last spring. The report — released on Wednesday — showed that 19% think the US economy is getting better, up from 10% last fall and 11% last spring.
Teen spending increased 6% to $2,388 on an annualized basis, with around 40% going toward food and clothing, the survey found. Some of their top retail brands skew to more expensive items: Nike (NKE) Jordan sneakers, Ugg boots from Decker's Outdoor (DECK), and Lululemon (LULU) leggings.
Whether this teenage optimism persists is in question as their parents are likely smack in the middle of dealing with falling stock prices and prospects for much higher prices as tariffs penetrate supply chains.
Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet
The survey may not yet reflect these fresh economic challenges families are now facing.
Piper Sandler surveyed 6,455 teens, with an average age of 16.2, from Feb. 10 to March 24, just before April's tariff-induced stock market earthquake.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI), Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC), and S&P 500 (^GSPC) are all down about 10% from March 31 to April 8. Momentum stocks that have minted money for many investors over the past two years are down even more this month — with Nvidia (NVDA) and Apple (AAPL) down 12% and 21%, respectively.
Stocks are reacting to bruising new tariffs from the Trump administration.
Trump's 104% tariffs on China kicked in on Wednesday, igniting the start of a full-on trade war with an important trading partner.
Reciprocal tariffs on the European Union, Japan, and roughly 60 other countries also kicked in today, following a sweeping 10% tariff that set in last weekend.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
Signals on the health of the US economy have begun to weaken beyond the pressure on the stock market.
The Atlanta Federal Reserve's GDPNow forecast for the first quarter implies a 2.8% decline in gross domestic product (GDP).
Data from Apollo Global chief economist Torsten Sløk this week highlighted rising weekly corporate bankruptcies, softening movie theater visits, weaker job posting numbers by companies, and rising continuing unemployment claims.
Meanwhile, many economists on Wall Street continue to ratchet up their recession probability forecasts for 2025.
BCA Research's veteran strategist Peter Berezin told me he sees a 75% chance of a recession within the next three months.
"Conventional estimates understate the likely impact on economic activity from the trade war and DOGE cuts," Berezin said on Yahoo Finance's Opening Bid podcast (video above). "This implies that growth will slow more than expected."
Berezin didn't rule out the US currently being in a recession.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Elon Musk's disagreements with the Trump administration on tariffs have dramatically spilled into public view. It was a break that had been a long time coming.
Delta Air Lines is working to avoid paying tariffs on the dozens of planes it is set to receive from Airbus this year.  “We will not pay tariffs on any aircraft deliveries we take,” Delta Chief Executive Ed Bastian said during an earnings call Wednesday.  “We will defer any deliveries that have a tariff on it.”
Delta Air Lines Inc. withdrew its full-year financial guidance due to uncertainty surrounding global trade as it reported first-quarter results. While Delta still anticipates a profit in 2025, it declined to reaffirm the forecast issued in January. Dani Burger reports on Bloomberg Television.
Tara McRae, formerly the company’s senior vice president of brand and strategy, will succeed Bob Philion, effective immediately.
Oil prices swung wildly on Wednesday, sinking to a four-year low in anticipation of slowing economic growth due to a burgeoning trade war, before jumping 2% after President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on most of his tariffs.  U.S. benchmark crude followed U.S. markets higher in the afternoon rising 2%, or $1.20, to $60.79 per barrel after the latest reversal by the Trump administration.  Energy prices mostly have been in decline since Trump's inauguration in January, with the cost of a barrel of oil sliding about $20 since the start of the year.
An aging global population and AI dominance are likely to drive the Zacks Medical - Outpatient and Home Healthcare industry despite the macroeconomic challenges. DVA, EHC, OPCH and ADUS are well-poised to gain.
Magic Eden wants to broaden its offering beyond NFTs and streamline crypto trading across multiple blockchains.
British sportswear retailer JD Sports, one of Nike's largest customers, said on Wednesday it felt "really good" about the direction of the brand and their relationship despite trading and tariff challenges.  Shares in Nike, based in Beaverton, Oregon, have slumped 42% over the last year, initially due to weak trading in the face of intensifying competition and more recently the hit from U.S. President Donald Trump's imposition of new tariffs.  With almost 40% of JD's sales made in the U.S., the group is also exposed to the tariffs.
“While Q4’s figures hinted at a potential rebound in worker bargaining power, the latest results suggest that momentum was short-lived,” a report said.
During its Cloud Next conference this week, Google unveiled the latest generation of its TPU AI accelerator chip. The new chip, called Ironwood, is Google's seventh-generation TPU and is the first optimized for inference — that is, running AI models. Scheduled to launch sometime later this year for Google Cloud customers, Ironwood will come in two configurations: a 256-chip cluster and a 9,216-chip cluster. "Ironwood is our most powerful, capable, and energy-efficient TPU yet," Google Cloud VP A
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
