Title: American retailers face several challenges from tariffs on China
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 22-05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/american-retailers-face-several-challenges-220536849.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Retailers like Nike (NKE), Skechers (SKX), Tapestry (TPR), and Ralph Lauren (RL) are in focus as analysts raise concerns about not only the impact of tariffs on imports from China, but also the effects of anti-American sentiment on consumer spending. Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma joins Market Domination Overtime to take a closer look.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
Trump's tariffs spree adding a new layer of pressure for retailers now. Yahoo finances Brook DePalma joins us now with more. Brook.
A good afternoon to you both. As if tariffs weren't enough, anti-American sentiment against US brands is something that has Wall Street concerned as well, particularly looking within retail. Some that have the highest sales exposure in China include Nike, Skechers, Tapestry, and Ralph Lauren. Now, analysts have told me that this could see a small percentage in other regions like Europe and Canada, but they are most concerned about their exposure to China, particularly because US brands have already been struggling in China amid aggressive local competition. You also have a slowing economy there where consumers are also hyper-focused on value and innovation. That's really driving consumer behavior there. If you take a closer look at what Nike saw in the region last quarter, we did see a 17% drop in their net sales. Uh they came in at 1.73 billion, that was compared to 2.08 in the year prior. The CEO said that they see the long-term opportunity there. Of course, this was prior to this coming week. They also said they made significant investments in China. Taking a closer look at Skechers, they also saw a drop in their sales there last quarter. The Skechers CFO, John Vandemar, told investors that China was a drag on international markets there. And so really what we're looking to see here is how much of an impact in the coming months and the coming quarters, will we see from these US brands like Tapestry, Ralph Lauren, but also thinking about fast food, and also other American companies like say Apple and Tesla, how they'll perform in these coming quarters because of this tariff and these negotiations at 125% staying in place right now.
I mean, it's interesting as you say, obviously this is probably most acute in China, but what we've been hearing about also is what's happening in Canada, perhaps because it's more transparent. We're hearing a lot of rhetoric, we've heard things about, you know, that in Canadian grocery stores, for example,
grown in Canada locally produced.
Well, just, well, just like here, when you go to the grocery store, it usually tells you where something is from, right? Produce especially, but other products as well, and in Canada, it does, and people are sort of, there's a backlash against, against American products.
Yeah, absolutely. And, and when you're uncovering this story, of course Lululemon is a Canadian company. And when you think about Lululemon as an American consumer, maybe the fact that it is Canadian doesn't come first to mind. But when I spoke to people, they were saying, you know, Lululemon really also emphasizing that they are a Canadian company. Something to keep in mind there, just something I've been hearing as I spoke to people as well.
Interesting. So maybe the perception of them in a place like China is different. I guess we'll find out.
We'll wait and see.
Yes. Brook, thank you very much.
The sneaker business illustrates how Trump's tariffs on imports will raise costs for businesses and consumers while generating no new American jobs, for a net loss to the US economy.
Shares of  CarMax  sank Thursday after the used-car dealer reported fiscal-fourth-quarter earnings that missed expectations and management sounded the alarm about the looming impact of auto tariffs.  The tariff will expand to imported car parts starting May 3, making it more expensive to assemble vehicles in the United States.  “I think it will it will push some folks into looking at used cars, late model used cars, which is interesting because that’s what we’re seeing a lot of interest in right now,” CarMax CEO William Nash said Thursday.
Some of the biggest winners from yesterday’s rally have erased much of those gains today.  Delta Air Lines logged a 23% gain yesterday. Today, shares have fallen more than 9%.   Warner Bros. Discovery rose 20% Wednesday and has dropped roughly 13% in today’s trading.
CarMax shares slid after the used-car retailer missed earnings expectations and said it could no longer give a time frame for financial goals it has been working toward for years.  Shares sank about 20% as of about midday Thursday, on pace for their biggest one-day drop since September 2022.
The market's wild recovery on Wednesday afternoon was driven by President Donald Trump temporarily pausing tariff increases on countries all around the world, except China.  A 10% blanket tariff will still be in place, but the bigger tariffs that were expected to hit countries like Vietnam, Cambodia, and Indonesia, where many shoes and kids toys are made, will be in place.  What seems to have been forgotten in that bounce was that tariffs are still higher than they were at the start of the year and the tariff on imports from China would be an astounding 145%.
Shares of lung cancer-focused biotech Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT) rallied 16.6% at its highs of the day before settling into a 10.4% gain on Thursday as of 3:54 p.m. EDT, even though the broader markets were down significantly on the day at that time, including the SPDR S&P Biotech ETF (NYSEMKT: XBI), which was down 4.4%.  The interesting news for Summit was that two insiders exercised warrants on Summit's stock yesterday, which most interpreted as being highly bullish.  What is notable is that the Co-CEOs exercised these warrants, forcing them to buy $6.3 million worth of shares, about four and a half years before the warrants' expiration in December of 2029.
(Bloomberg) -- A low-profile hedge fund executive who’s among the dozens of disciples tracing their roots to the late investing legend Julian Robertson is poised to become the face of the Trump administration’s sanctions strategy.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravaga
Uncertainty around impacts from tariffs likely weighed on planning decisions, said Sarah Martin, associate director of forecasting at Dodge Construction Network.
ENPH launches IQ Battery 5P with FlexPhase in Poland, and extends its presence in Europe's expanding battery storage market.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ​​TD SYNNEX Corporation (NYSE:SNX) stands against other best economic recovery stocks to buy. Economic cycles, as defined by economists, alternate between periods of growth, peak, recession, and recovery, depending on […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
