Title: AI’s Threat to Google Just Got Real
Date: 2025-05-08 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/bcdd69a9-d9b5-3ef5-89df-3bb2530d5987/ai%E2%80%99s-threat-to-google-just.html?.tsrc=rss

A drop in search traffic is a reminder that technological advancement can displace long-established tech giants. Apple executive Eddy Cue said the iPhone maker is “actively looking at” adding AI as an alternative to search. What this means for you. (Reuters) -Apple's plans to add AI-powered search options to its Safari browser are a big blow to Google, whose lucrative advertising business relies significantly on iPhone customers using its search engine.  The iPhone maker was "actively looking at" reshaping Safari, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters, citing Apple executive Eddy Cue who was offering testimony at an antitrust case on Wednesday over Google's dominance in online search. Apple expects tariffs to cause a $900 million headwind next quarter.  Apple's stock is already expensive due to its lack of growth.  President Donald Trump's tariff plans will hurt some companies while helping others. The current agreement between Apple and Google, reportedly worth around $20bn annually, makes Google the default search engine on Safari. (Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. is “actively looking at” revamping the Safari web browser on its devices to focus on AI-powered search engines, a seismic shift for the industry hastened by the potential end of a longtime partnership with Google. Most Read from BloombergThe Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance CenterVail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureEddy Cue, A Alphabet shares plummeted 7% Wednesday after an Apple executive reportedly said the iPhone maker is looking to add AI-powered search options to its Safari browser. Monitor these major chart levels. Microsoft is generating $13 billion in annual revenue from its AI-related products and services.  The company's diverse operations, however, make it a relatively safe AI stock to own.  While other tech stocks have struggled this year, Microsoft has generated positive returns for its shareholders. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.