Title: Zacks Earnings Trends Highlights: Microsoft, Alphabet and Meta
Date: 2025-05-08 09:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-earnings-trends-highlights-microsoft-092400016.html?.tsrc=rss

Chicago, IL – May 8, 2025– Zacks Director of Research Sheraz Mian says, "Q2 earnings estimates for the Tech sector appear to have reversed course over the last two weeks, with estimates starting to go back up after steadily coming down earlier." Note: The following is an excerpt from this week'sEarnings Trends report. You can access the full report that contains detailed historical actual and estimates for the current and following periods, please click here>>> Total Q1 earnings for the 419 S&P 500 members that have reported results are up +12.2% from the same period last year on +4.1% higher revenues, with 73.7% beating EPS estimates and 61.8% beating revenue estimates. We continue to believe that this earnings season is less about what companies earned in the first quarter of 2025 and more about sizing up the earnings impact of the uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. This is starting to show up in declining estimates for the coming periods. For 2025 Q2, total S&P 500 earnings are expected to be up +6.4% from the same period last year on +3.9% higher revenues. Estimates for the period have been coming down more than had been the case in the comparable periods of other recent quarters. Q2 earnings estimates for the Tech sector appear to have reversed course over the last two weeks, with estimates starting to go back up after steadily coming down earlier. The start of Q2 coincided with heightened tariffs uncertainty following the punitive April 2ndtariff announcements. While the onset of the announced levies was eventually delayed for three months, the issue has understandably weighed heavily on estimates for the current and coming quarters. The expectation at present is for Q2 earnings for the S&P 500 index to increase by +6.4% from the same period last year on +3.9% higher revenues. While it is not unusual for estimates to be adjusted lower, the magnitude and breadth of the Q2 estimate cuts are greater than we have seen in the comparable periods of other recent quarters. Since the start of the quarter last month, estimates have come down for 13 of the 16 Zacks sectors, with the biggest declines for the Transportation, Autos, Energy, Construction, and Basic Materials sectors. Estimates for the two largest earnings contributors to the index – Tech & Finance – have also declined since the quarter got underway. Tech sector earnings are expected to be up +12.8% in Q2 on +9.9% higher revenues. While these earnings growth expectations are materially below where they stood at the start of April, the revisions trend appears to have notably reversed in recent days. In last week's report, regular readers saw this reversal in the Tech sector's revisions trend when we shared the evolution of the sector's full-year earnings growth expectations. Hard to tell at this stage how durable this reversal in the Tech sector's estimates will prove to be, but the favorable turn in the sector's Q2 estimates at least prove that the shift to the annual growth pace isn't solely a function of strong positive Q1 earnings releases, particularly the Mag 7 players that reported last week. We can see this trend reversal in the estimates forMicrosoftMSFT, AlphabetGOOGL andMetaMETA. The current Q2 Zacks Consensus EPS estimate for Alphabet of $2.12 is down from $2.15 on April 4th, but is up from $2.08 on April 25thand $2.07 a week prior to that. Similarly, for Meta, the current Q2 EPS estimate of $5.84 is down from $5.94 on April 4th, but up from $5.70 on May 2ndand $5.51 on April 25th. The revisions trend for Microsoft is similar, though the company's current Q2 estimate is modestly higher relative to where it stood at the start of April. We will be closely monitoring this curious turn in Tech sector estimates. While estimates for this year have started coming down lately, there haven't been a lot of changes to estimates for the next two years at this stage. Given all-around worries about the economy's growth momentum, it is reasonable to expect these estimates to be lowered further in the days ahead as the tariffs impact starts showing up in data. The modestly negative GDP read for the first quarter of the year primarily reflected the anticipatory effects of the trade regime, with importers stocking up on supplies ahead of the new levies taking effect. Why Haven't You Looked at Zacks' Top Stocks? Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of+48.4%, +50.2%and+56.7%per year. Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation. See Stocks Free >> Follow us on Twitter:  https://twitter.com/zacksresearch Join us on Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch/ Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities (including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such affiliates. Media Contact Zacks Investment Research 800-767-3771 ext. 9339 support@zacks.com https://www.zacks.com Zacks.com provides investment resources and informs you of these resources, which you may choose to use in making your own investment decisions. Zacks is providing information on this resource to you subject to the Zacks "Terms and Conditions of Service" disclaimer. www.zacks.com/disclaimer. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss.This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performancefor information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Microsoft’s (MSFT) Q3 earnings last week turned out to be a mic-drop moment for analysts, as the tech behemoth didn’t just surpass expectations, but totally crushed them. Since the announcement, seven Wall Street firms have reiterated their bullish stances on MSFT. Azure’s explosive growth, in particular, stole the show. Paired with OpenAI, Microsoft is sprinting ahead in the AI race, leaving competitors scrambling. And then, even after the stock’s post-earnings jump, MSFT still feels like a sma Alphabet shares plummeted 7% Wednesday after an Apple executive reportedly said the iPhone maker is looking to add AI-powered search options to its Safari browser. Monitor these major chart levels. We recently published a list of 12 Most Popular Stocks on Robinhood in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other most popular stocks on Robinhood in 2025. Individual investors, often called retail investors, on platforms as Robinhood represent an increasingly influential market […] We recently published a list of 10 Undervalued Quantum Computing Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NetApp, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTAP) stands against other undervalued quantum computing stocks to buy now. Quantum computing is turning into an essential component of the upcoming technological revolution. It is resolving […] Nvidia dominates the artificial intelligence (AI) chip market, resulting in soaring revenue in recent quarters.  Investors have worried about how upcoming U.S. tariffs on imports may hurt the economy -- and demand for Nvidia’s products.  Nvidia's (NASDAQ: NVDA) earnings have soared quarter after quarter thanks to the great demand for its artificial intelligence (AI) products and services. We came across a bullish thesis on Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) on Substack by LongYield. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on META. Meta Platforms, Inc. (META)’s share was trading at $572.21 as of May 1st. META’s trailing and forward P/E were 22.37 and 22.78 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Meta’s Q1 2025 results […] While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.