Title: Bill Gates Says Rich Countries 'Owe It To The World' To Get Themselves Down To Net Zero Emissions
Date: 2025-05-08 22:34
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bill-gates-says-rich-countries-223407866.html?.tsrc=rss

Bill Gates,Microsoft Corp.(NASDAQ:MSFT) co-founder and one of the most vocal advocates for large-scale climate solutions,is urging wealthy nations to lead the charge in achieving net-zero emissions, highlighting they have a global responsibility. Speaking in Singapore at Temasek's flagship sustainability event, Ecosperity, Gates called for impactful investments in innovation to address the climate crisis head-on. Trending:Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary called Missing Ring his biggest mistake — Don't repeat history—invest in RYSE at just $1.90/share. What Happened:During a fireside chat with Singapore's Ambassador for Climate Action,Ravi Menon, Gates stressed that while it may not be essential for every nation in the world to reach "absolute zero" emissions, rich countries that have access to the resources must do so. "There are levels of emissions that are small enough that the temperature worsening actually is not a problem," he said. He also admitted that expecting the whole world to achieve net zero by 2050 is "not realistic" at this point, accordingtoNBC. Why It Matters:According to the United Nations, Net zero means "cutting carbon emissions to a small amount of residual emissions that can be absorbed and durably stored by nature and other carbon dioxide removal measures, leaving zero in the atmosphere." See Also:The team behind $6B+ in licensing deals is now building the next billion-dollar IP empire —invest early at $2.25/share. Gates emphasized that rich nations should set examples by reaching net zero, aiding the world stay on track with the Paris Agreement's target of limiting global warming to 1.5°C. He mentioned that innovation is crucial to achieving these goals, but cited challenges like securing risk capital. At the same conference, where he was present as the founder of founder ofBreakthrough Energy,Gates also shared his beliefthat even though there is a "little less cooperation going on", referring to PresidentDonald Trump's climate rollbacks, he does not "think that’s a permanent thing." Read Next: Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold. Deloitte's fastest-growing software company partners with Amazon, Walmart & Target –Many are rushing to grab 4,000 of its pre-IPO shares for just $0.30/share! Photo courtesy: Alexandros Michailidis / Shutterstock.com Send To MSN:  Send to MSN Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? This articleBill Gates Says Rich Countries 'Owe It To The World' To Get Themselves Down To Net Zero Emissionsoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around? Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.