Title: Should You Buy Nvidia Stock Before May 28? Here's What History Says.
Date: 2025-05-08 12:30
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/08/should-you-buy-nvidia-stock-before-may-28-heres/?.tsrc=rss

It's been a really interesting year in the stock market so far in 2025. At one point, theS&P 500had dropped as low as 15% while theNasdaq Compositecratered by 21%. While news of Chinese artificial intelligence (AI) start-up DeepSeek and mixed economic indicators have made some impacts on the capital markets this year, I think the biggest contributors to the volatility (by far!) are the newtariffpolicies from the Trump administration. Although the S&P 500 and Nasdaq have recovered from their low points, both indexes still feature negative returns on the year -- with some of the biggest laggards being megacap technology stocks. As I write this,Nvidia(NVDA0.28%)haslost nearly $1 trillion in market valueso far in 2025. Indeed, such a sell-off would suggest that investors have soured on the formerly red-hot semiconductor darling. With its fiscal first-quarter earnings report scheduled for May 28, is now a good time to buy the dip in Nvidia stock? Read on to find out what history says should happen after the company publishes its first-quarter report later this month. The chart below illustrates Nvidia's share price movement over the last three years. The purple circles with the letter "E" in the center indicate earnings reports. For the majority of the last few years, Nvidia stock has climbed immediately following an earnings report. At a high level, this would suggest that Nvidia stock could bepositioned to continue its winning streak. NVDAdata byYCharts Unfortunately, there's one major nuance to call out before assuming Nvidia stock will rise once again. The most notable exception to Nvidia's post-earnings jolts occurred back in February when the company reported financial results for the fourth quarter and full 2024 year. Since the company reported earnings on Feb. 26, shares have dropped by 13% as of this writing. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is909%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to162%for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now,available when you joinStock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025 Although the precipitous drop-off in Nvidia stock since the company last reported earnings might be a little jarring, there are some important details to discuss. The earnings report itself was anything but a problem. The main event back in February was Nvidia's new Blackwell GPU architecture. During the fourth quarter, Blackwell outperformed management's internal estimates by bringing in $11 billion in revenue. What's even better is that Nvidia's management said it believes the company's gross margin will improve throughout the year as the Blackwell ramp-up continues to scale. Moreover, management touted a line of successor GPU architectures includingBlackwell Ultraand Rubin, which I'm confident should help Nvidia maintain robust growth prospects over the next several years. With so much good news surrounding Nvidia's actual business, why has the stock been selling off for months now? As I alluded to above, uncertainty around tariffs combined with newexport controls around the Chinese market(an important source of revenue for Nvidia) have investors worried about the company's growth. While I understand these concerns, I think they are overblown. Image source: Getty Images. As an investor, I will be listening closely to how the secular trends fueling AI infrastructure are impacting the company's long-run prospects relative to near-term headwinds in China and the tariff environment. Over the last couple of weeks, investors have gotten a glimpse of other leading AI businesses and how they are navigating the ongoing tariff-driven turbulence.Meta Platforms,Alphabet,Amazon, andMicrosofthave all reported earnings for the first calendar quarter of 2025. One thing stitching these companies together is their collective focus on AI infrastructure. On a combined basis, these companies are planning on spending hundreds of billions of dollars this year ondata center buildouts. To me, if tariffs were a longer-term concern or mission-critical issue for business then big tech companies would not be doubling down on their AI roadmaps right now. Given that all of these companies are Nvidia customers, I think the chipmaker remains in a position of strength and will extinguish any investor fears about long-term growth. As a result, I think Nvidia stock could beat expectations andbegin to attract growth investors once again. I see Nvidia as a good buying opportunity right now for growth investors who intend to hold the stock for the long term. Ever feel like you missed the boat in buying the most successful stocks? Then you’ll want to hear this. On rare occasions, our expert team of analysts issues a“Double Down” stockrecommendation for companies that they think are about to pop. If you’re worried you’ve already missed your chance to invest, now is the best time to buy before it’s too late. And the numbers speak for themselves: Right now, we’re issuing “Double Down” alerts for three incredible companies, and there may not be another chance like this anytime soon. Learn more › *Stock Advisor returns as of05/08/2025