Nike Stock, Retailers Downgraded On Tariffs, 'Mild' Recession Expectations
2025-04-30 20-44
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/2a9a7179-3df2-3bc0-a25b-7e2f7ff97f99/nike-stock%2C-retailers.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nike stock receives downgrade as Wells Fargo revises retail targets based on recession expectations. Levi Strauss avoids China impact.
(Bloomberg) -- Amazon.com Inc. plans to build dozens of warehouses to serve rural areas in the US before the end of next year, growing its footprint as the company works to rely less on other carriers. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit
We recently published an article titled Excellent Earnings Propelled Prices of These 10 Firms. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Seagate Technology Holdings plc (NASDAQ:STX) stands against the other stocks that soared on Wednesday. The stock market finished Wednesday’s trading on a lackluster note, with the three major indices finishing […]
Here at Zacks, our focus is on the proven Zacks Rank system, which emphasizes earnings estimates and estimate revisions to find great stocks. Nevertheless, we are always paying attention to the latest value, growth, and momentum trends to underscore strong picks.
The Zacks Style Scores offers investors a way to easily find top-rated stocks based on their investing style. Here's why you should take advantage.
In the latest trading session, Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF) closed at $69.48, marking a +0.02% move from the previous day.
One analyst is no longer willing to run with Nike (NYSE: NKE), and the stock stumbled on Wednesday as a result.  Numerous investors took the pundit's recommendation downgrade to heart and traded out of Nike; when the race was over, the shares had clocked a 2% decline in price.  Before market open, Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) prognosticator Ike Boruchow knocked his Nike recommendation down to equal weight (read: hold) from his preceding overweight (buy).
🔎 Tech Earnings: The two "Magnificent Seven" tech giants that reported earnings late Wednesday lived up to the nickname, with Meta Platforms surging 7% and Microsoft adding 6% after the results came out.
Zillow (Z) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
GSK stock jumped Wednesday after the British drugmaker said it's "well positioned" to respond if the U.S. levies tariffs on drug imports.
We recently published a list of How Did Jim Cramer’s 12 Bold Predictions Play Out?. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. During the most recent episode of Mad Money, Jim Cramer revisited the recent turbulence in artificial […]