Title: Nike initiated, GM downgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls
Date: 2025-04-15 13:39:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-initiated-gm-downgraded-wall-133950377.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. The most talked about and market moving research calls around Wall Street are now in one place. Here are today's research calls that investors need to know, as compiled by The Fly.Top 5 Upgrades: UBS upgradedHubSpot(HUBS)to Buy from Neutral with a price target of $675, down from $775. The firm cites valuation for the upgrade with the shares down 35% since mid-February Barclays upgradedAutoliv(ALV)to Overweight from Equal Weight with a price target of $97, down from $110. With the firm's recommendations shifting to a more defensive positioning, it believes Autoliv can relatively outperform the sector. HSBC upgradedKKR(KKR)to Buy from Hold with a price target of $119, down from $170. The firm says that despite heightened macro uncertainty, it sees opportunities. Needham upgradedNeurocrine(NBIX)to Buy from Hold with a $138 price target. The firm cites its positive physician survey on Crenessity's ramp in congenital adrenal hyperplasia for the upgrade. BofA upgradedDuPont(DD)to Neutral from Underperform with a price target of $75, down from $88. While the firm does see earnings risks to DuPont from trade disruptions, it views the near 30% pullback in the shares in the last two months as excessive. BofA also upgraded Westlake(WLK)to Buy from Neutral. Top 5 Downgrades: Barclays downgradedGeneral Motors(GM)to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $40, down from $70. The downgrade of GM reflects the company's "significant risk" to near-term earnings from tariffs. BofA downgradedPepsiCo(PEP)to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $155, down from $185. Frito-Lay North America's growth is likely to remain below long-term trendline this year and while international segments are scaling and making large contributions to sales and profit growth, it's not enough at this point to make up for slower growth at the North American snacks segment, the firm tells investors. Barclays downgradedMobileye(MBLY)to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $14, down from $22. The downgrade of Mobileye reflects its thesis that auto tech is at risk of a slower uptake. Baird downgradedUniversal Health(UHS)to Neutral from Outperform with a price target of $224, down from $274. The firm sees minimal incremental buyers of stocks in the managed care and healthcare facilities group until the policy overhang clears. Baird also downgraded Tenet Healthcare(THC), Molina Healthcare(MOH), Elevance Health(ELV)and HCA Healthcare(HCA)to Neutral from Outperform. Wells Fargo downgradedHowmet Aerospace(HWM)to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $118, down from $132. The firm cut estimates across the aerospace group, as it thinks a global economic slowdown hits both original equipment makers and the aftermarket. Wells also downgraded Hexcel(HXL)to Equal Weight from Overweight. Top 5 Initiations: Berenberg initiated coverage ofNike(NKE)with a Hold rating and $58 price target. Within sporting goods, the firm favors incumbents over "challenger brands" given their "deep" franchise values which underpin the long-term sustainability of returns. Benchmark initiated coverage ofMercadoLibre(MELI)with a Buy rating and $2,500 price target. MercadoLibre "stands out as a dominant regional leader in the global e-commerce setting," says the firm. Piper Sandler initiated coverage ofRxSight(RXST)with a Neutral rating and $18 price target. The firm likes the company's novel light adjustable lens technology and that it plays in the "massive" innovative intraocular lens marketplace, but is taking a "wait-and-see approach." Citi reinstated coverage ofOmnicom(OMC)and Interpublic Group(IPG)with Buy ratings and price targets of $103 and $35, respectively. U.S. tariffs will likely hurt U.S. advertising spending, but the firm finds both stocks "very compelling" even with the tariff impact. Needham initiated coverage ofAurora Innovation(AUR)with a Buy rating and $10 price target. The firm says the company is positioned to leverage its Aurora Driver platform and industry partnerships to create the market for autonomous trucking on U.S. highways. As uncertainty ripples through retailers - specialty stores could face a major crunch. Sneaker heads have been flocking to StockX for nearly a decade to get their hands on the latest releases. Now the online marketplace is facing risks of a slowdown as consumers tighten their wallets. Greg Schwartz, StockX President & CEO joined "Bloomberg Open interest" in the C-Suite to talk retails growth opportunity. NKE's Jordan Brand Air Rev comes up with Flight Lock technology to bring a customizable system of containment to aid golfers. (Bloomberg) -- Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene sold US Treasuries and bought stakes in Amazon.com Inc., Blackstone Inc. and Tesla Inc. the day before President Donald Trump put a 90-day pause on retaliatory tariffs and prompted a market rally.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs$15 Million Fund Bet Shares of Albertsons fell sharply Tuesday, a day after the supermarket chain reported a weaker-than-expected profit outlook for the year. (Bloomberg) -- TikTok users in the US are being inundated with videos from Chinese influencers encouraging American buyers to overcome punitive Trump tariffs by buying direct from the “world’s factory” — China.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageMostly filmed at Chinese fa Rancher Brett Kenzy hopes President Donald Trump's tariffs will make imported beef expensive enough that Americans will turn to cattle raised at home for all their hamburgers and steaks.  “If we can just fix a few key things, I think that we can reinvigorate rural America,” said the South Dakota rancher.  Trump has enjoyed overwhelming support in rural parts of the country in his three campaigns for president. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 7.78% and 1.26%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? We recently published a list of 10 Best Pharma Stocks to Buy for Long Term Growth. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) stands against other best pharma stocks to buy for long term growth. U.S. Pharma Turns to China for Drug Deals With big American […] Lululemon (LULU) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects. We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data […] Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.