Title: Is NIKE Inc. (NKE) the Best Kid-Friendly Stock to Buy According to Billionaires_
Date: 2025-04-14 13:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-inc-nke-best-kid-134706418.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires.
The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York indicates a pattern in which stock markets reacted negatively to President Trump’s tariff announcements against China in 2018 and 2019. Current market behaviour in 2025 suggests a similar, potentially more widespread, response to new trade policies. Markets have been underperforming for the first quarter of 2025, considering that the wider market fell by over 10% and the tech-heavy NASDAQ plummeted by more than 15%. The Cboe Volatility Index (aka VIX) is currently at 52.33%, compared to 17.93% at the start of the year.
The year 2025 began with the revelation of DeepSeek, an AI program developed in China, which rivalled AI technology in the US Tech sector. DeepSeek requires lesser processing power, which means lower costs and improved results for users. The market immediately saw investors take on a bullish outlook, short-selling stocks before any further impact on their portfolios.
In the second month of 2025, the US government’s first round of Tariffs was aimed directly at China in an effort to curb the impact of DeepSeek on the United States’ tech industry. In March, President Trump announced a rate of 54% tariff on Chinese goods, while China retaliated with 34% tariffs on US goods and services.
DW (Deutsche Welle) reported that President Trump approved 20% tariffs on European goods & services in the latest round of “Trump Tariffs”. Foreign investors, specifically from European countries, were quick to divest their portfolios. The US economy is considered to be entering “continuous stagflation”, which is defined as continued inflation with very low growth and high unemployment.
This scenario has prompted investors to reconsider their future investment strategies. Several reports point out a growing trend among parents who are actively setting aside funds to safeguard their children’s financial future. Survey results of 2000 UK investors over 18 years of age, published by the international adviser, stated that 44% of parents were stressed about making the right investment decisions regarding their children. 35% worry that they have not saved sufficiently to ensure their children’s financial future. In an interview with CNBC, Stacy Francis, the President & CEO of Francis Financials in New York, spoke on how parents can educate their children on investing:
“Make sure that money can be talked about, that there’s no taboos…so that your children are learning those really good financial literacy skills that they need to set themselves up for success for the rest of their life.”
Investing in the markets for your children’s future has the advantage of time. In a report by MorningStar, investments in stocks have the added benefit of compounding return, which means the earlier you start, the more time your investments have to grow exponentially. CNBC reported on billionaire investor Mark Cuban and how he made billions from his first few million with a long-term view on his investments.
To compile this list, we thoroughly reviewed reputable sources and gathered the stocks they collectively favored. These stocks have a long-standing history of performance, with strong balance sheets and sound financials. Then, we used Insider Monkey’s proprietary database of billionaire stock holdings to arrive at our list of 10 best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires as of Q4 2024. For the stocks with the same number of billionaire holdings, we have used the total value of billionaire holdings as a secondary metric to rank the stocks. Billionaires are founders or managers of some of the world’s leading hedge funds and companies.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A team of trainers and athletes displaying a wide range of athletic and casual footwear.
No. of Billionaires: 14
Value of total Investment by Billionaires: $3.095 billion
NIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE) is a global leader in the athletic goods industry. The company designs, develops, markets, and sells a wide range of athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories, and services worldwide under prominent brands such as NIKE, Jumpman, Converse, and Chuck Taylor. These brands are considered household names for both children & parents/ adults alike.
In the Q3 2025 earnings report, NIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE) revenue was $11.27 billion, down 9.33% YoY, although beating analyst estimates by $231.5 million. EPS was $0.54, also beating estimates by $0.25. The company attributes the decline in sales to rising inflation, high tariffs but remains a market leader in high-quality athletic goods. It is among the best kid-friendly stocks to invest in.
Recent declines in international markets such as the Middle East, Europe, and Asia (including China & Vietnam) were the result of reduced buying by price-conscious consumers. As per the United States International Trade Commission (USITC), China is the largest importer of shoes from the United States at 37%, while Vietnam is responsible for 29.8%. China was hit with the aforementioned 34% trade tariffs, while Vietnam was hit even harder with 46%. This is likely to further impact NIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE)’s overall revenue figure. Experts consider these conditions as an optimal time to invest in the stock to take advantage of the lower price.
Overall, NKE ranks 6th on our list of best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential of NKE, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NKE  but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Nike Inc. (NKE) has found itself caught in the crosshairs of ongoing tariff updates, particularly following the latest round of reciprocal tariffs imposed by the Trump administration. These tariffs,...
Nike initiated, GM downgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls
We recently published a list of 11 Top Performing European Stocks So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC (NASDAQ:CCEP) stands against other best performing European stocks to invest in. The world economy is hanging by a thread, as the macroeconomic environment consists […]
Income investors that want to generate increase the yield on a defensive stock like Coke could look at a covered call trade.
NKE's Jordan Brand Air Rev comes up with Flight Lock technology to bring a customizable system of containment to aid golfers.
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related […]
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
