Title: E-Commerce Update - AI-Powered Payments Revolutionize Global Commerce
Date: 2025-05-01 12:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/e-commerce-ai-powered-payments-123742999.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Recently, PayOS emerged from stealth mode, announcing collaborations with Mastercard and Visa to enhance AI-driven payments in the e-commerce space. This partnership leverages Mastercard's Agentic Tokens and Visa Intelligent Commerce, providing AI developers with unprecedented access to major payment networks. PayOS aims to streamline checkouts, billing, and transactions with a card-native system that supports all major networks, promoting secure and frictionless commerce for agent-driven economies. This development underscores the importance of integrating AI with payment solutions to support new use cases and transform commerce globally.
Visa last closed at $345.50 up 1.2%.
In other trading, Oddity Tech was trading firmly up 30.4% and finishing the session at $61.44, not far from its 52-week high. This week, Oddity Tech raised its full-year earnings guidance, expecting revenue growth to exceed 20%. At the same time, Microalliance Group trailed, down 20% to close at $1.00.
Visa's rapid expansion in tap-to-pay and global banking partnerships promises substantial transaction growth. Discover more about this compelling opportunity by clicking through to our detailed narrative on Visa.
Don't miss our *Market Insights* article "Beyond the US: Global Markets After Yet Another Tariff Update" for insights on tariff impacts on global e-commerce strategies—get in fast!
Alibaba Group Holding ended the day at $119.43 up 0.5%. On Tuesday, the company launched its Qwen3 AI models, emphasizing their competitive performance and cost-efficiency.
Amazon.com settled at $184.42 down 1.6%. This week, Amazon announced a partnership with Korbyt for a cost-effective digital signage solution, while expanding its delivery footprint in Missouri with a new last-mile facility.
NIKE settled at $56.40 down 2%.
Click through to start exploring the rest of the 231 E-Commerce Stocks including Tesco, Abdullah Al-Othaim Markets and Paysafe now.
Ready For A Different Approach? Rare earth metals are an input to most high-tech devices, military and defence systems and electric vehicles. The global race is on to secure supply of these critical minerals. Beat the pack to uncover the 23 best rare earth metal stocks of the very few that mine this essential strategic resource.
This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
"PayOS Teams Up with Mastercard and Visa Intelligent Commerce, Emerges From Stealth to Power AI-Driven Payments" from PayOS on GlobeNewswire (published 30 April 2025)
Companies discussed in this article include NasdaqGM:ODD NYSE:V NYSE:BABA NasdaqGS:AMZN NYSE:NKE and OTCPK:MALG.
This article was originally published by Simply Wall St.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
News of the day for May 1, 2025
Amazon Web Services offers tools that allow companies to build artificial intelligence (AI) applications without needing their own infrastructure.  Amazon's suite of businesses stands to gain significantly from integrating AI into them.  Amazon plans to spend $100 billion this year on capital expenditures, with most going toward AI infrastructure.
We recently published a list of 13 Most Profitable Growth Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PDD Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:PDD) stands against other most profitable growth stocks to buy now. The growth factor in investing refers to companies that grow their revenue and earnings at […]
The move is set to accelerate delivery times for customers in less densely populated areas.
Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Marvell (MRVL). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.
An Amazon Prime membership almost seems like a necessity these days, as both online shopping and stay-at-home entertainment viewing have picked up dramatically in popularity. Many customers view the...
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio