Title: Wall Street Titans Blast Trump’s Tariffs With Markets Roiled
Date: 2025-04-07 14:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-titans-criticize-trump-115852222.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season (Bloomberg) -- Bill Ackman said the US is “heading for a self-induced, economic nuclear winter.” Boaz Weinstein predicted the “avalanche has really just started.” And Jamie Dimon warned it “may be disastrous in the long run.” Most Read from Bloomberg Housing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC Headquarters Boston Mayor Wu Embraces Trump Resistance as Campaign Heats Up This Skinny Mexico City Tower Is Just 14 Feet Wide on One Side The Irish Hot Press Is the Low-Tech Laundry Trick the World Needs Trump Order on CDFI Fund Risks Aid for Small Businesses, Housing One by one, many of the biggest names across Wall Street — some of whom supported President Donald Trump during his election bid last year, and others who merely hoped for looser regulation and economic growth under his administration — are speaking out against his decision to unleash expansive tariffs worldwide, plunging global markets into chaos. The widening criticism comes as Trump offers no indication he’s prepared to claw back a punishing trade overhaul set to begin on April 9. With the S&P 500 falling almost 20% from its most recent peak, the index is on the precipice of the first bear market since 2022. The Nasdaq 100 Index has already breached the level, and at Friday’s close was down about 22% from its most recent high. Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co., the biggest US bank, used his closely watched annual shareholder letter to call for a speedy resolution to the uncertainties sparked by the trade policy and warned against a potentially disastrous fragmentation of America’s long-term economic alliances. “The quicker this issue is resolved, the better because some of the negative effects increase cumulatively over time and would be hard to reverse,” Dimon wrote in the letter Monday. While the comments didn’t criticize Trump himself, they are a shift from the support or careful silence that Wall Street has largely deployed since the election. Weinstein, founder of Saba Capital Management, said on Friday that the trade war threatened to accelerate the selloff in corporate bonds and spur a wave of bankruptcies. Oaktree Capital Management co-Chairman Howard Marks said in a Bloomberg Television interview Friday that the latest tariffs imposed by President Trump helped set off a cascade of unknown — and unknowable — factors for investors to weigh as they choose where to deploy cash. Daniel Loeb, founder of Third Point, said on X that it “will be a test of the administration’s judgment versus ideology how they resolve this” in coming days. “I strongly believe launching tariffs on April 9th against the entire world — massively in excess of what we are being charged — is a mistake,” Ackman, founder of Pershing Square and vocal Trump supporter, wrote on X, saying in a separate post that “we should start hunkering down” if a “time out” isn’t called on the tariffs. A 90-day pause is needed to give Trump time to “carefully and strategically resolve our historically unfair global trading position,” Ackman wrote. For Ackman, the comments mark the sharpest divergence yet by one of the president’s top Wall Street backers, who announced his support for Trump following an attempted assassination on the campaign trail in July. “I do not support tariffs exceeding 10% which I made abundantly clear in the interview you cite,” Stanley Druckenmiller, the former George Soros protégé and longtime deficit hawk, wrote in a rare X post Sunday expanding on criticisms he made of the policies from a CNBC interview in January. Bloomberg News couldn’t independently verify Druckenmiller’s account. The comments from Ackman and Druckenmiller add to earlier public writings from Ray Dalio, founder of the world’s largest hedge fund, Bridgewater Associates, who said that “the first order consequences of them will be significantly stagflationary in the US.” Neither Ackman nor Pershing Square have any margin leverage or other instruments that will create liquidity issues if the market crashes, he said. “We don’t use margin. Never have. Never will.” Pershing Square only has one investment — Nike Inc. three-year call options — directly affected by the tariffs, a position that represents 1.5% of the firm’s portfolio, he said. Ackman said the firm wouldn’t be “sellers in a declining market,” even as it sees mark-to-market losses should the market crash. “We will be buyers of great businesses at highly discounted prices which will benefit us and our investors over the long term,” Ackman said. He said that Trump’s attempt to strike deals while the market is collapsing doesn’t help his negotiating position. “Whoever is recommending that idea to our president should be fired promptly,” he added. In the two days following Trump’s April 2 tariff announcement, more than $5 trillion was wiped off the value of all US stocks. Meanwhile, SkyBridge Capital founder Anthony Scaramucci posted on X that the US is about to see “an impending steep recession.” --With assistance from Natalie Choy and Anshuman Daga. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek AI Coding Assistant Cursor Draws a Million Users Without Even Trying How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal With Shake Shack in First Class, Airline Food Is No Longer a Joke India’s Destination Weddings Fuel a New Tourist Economy China Tells Kids to Study Manufacturing to Fill Factory Jobs ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Your mid-fifties is a good time to do a retirement check. To be clear, you should always have at least one eye on retirement. This isn't something to ever forget entirely. But most of the time, that means nothing more than making sure your annual contributions go through in-full, on-time and to the right places, […] The post What’s a Realistic Retirement Budget? I’m 55 With $490k Saved, Making $80,000 Annually. appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
