Title: Nike initiated, GM downgraded_ Wall Street's top analyst calls
Date: 2025-04-15 13:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-initiated-gm-downgraded-wall-133950377.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The most talked about and market moving research calls around Wall Street are now in one place. Here are today's research calls that investors need to know, as compiled by The Fly.Top 5 Upgrades:
UBS upgraded HubSpot (HUBS) to Buy from Neutral with a price target of $675, down from $775. The firm cites valuation for the upgrade with the shares down 35% since mid-February
Barclays upgraded Autoliv (ALV) to Overweight from Equal Weight with a price target of $97, down from $110. With the firm's recommendations shifting to a more defensive positioning, it believes Autoliv can relatively outperform the sector.
HSBC upgraded KKR (KKR) to Buy from Hold with a price target of $119, down from $170. The firm says that despite heightened macro uncertainty, it sees opportunities.
Needham upgraded Neurocrine (NBIX) to Buy from Hold with a $138 price target. The firm cites its positive physician survey on Crenessity's ramp in congenital adrenal hyperplasia for the upgrade.
BofA upgraded DuPont (DD) to Neutral from Underperform with a price target of $75, down from $88. While the firm does see earnings risks to DuPont from trade disruptions, it views the near 30% pullback in the shares in the last two months as excessive. BofA also upgraded Westlake (WLK) to Buy from Neutral.
Top 5 Downgrades:
Barclays downgraded General Motors (GM) to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $40, down from $70. The downgrade of GM reflects the company's "significant risk" to near-term earnings from tariffs.
BofA downgraded PepsiCo (PEP) to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $155, down from $185. Frito-Lay North America's growth is likely to remain below long-term trendline this year and while international segments are scaling and making large contributions to sales and profit growth, it's not enough at this point to make up for slower growth at the North American snacks segment, the firm tells investors.
Barclays downgraded Mobileye (MBLY) to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $14, down from $22. The downgrade of Mobileye reflects its thesis that auto tech is at risk of a slower uptake.
Baird downgraded Universal Health (UHS) to Neutral from Outperform with a price target of $224, down from $274. The firm sees minimal incremental buyers of stocks in the managed care and healthcare facilities group until the policy overhang clears. Baird also downgraded Tenet Healthcare (THC), Molina Healthcare (MOH), Elevance Health (ELV) and HCA Healthcare (HCA) to Neutral from Outperform.
Wells Fargo downgraded Howmet Aerospace (HWM) to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $118, down from $132. The firm cut estimates across the aerospace group, as it thinks a global economic slowdown hits both original equipment makers and the aftermarket. Wells also downgraded Hexcel (HXL) to Equal Weight from Overweight.
Top 5 Initiations:
Berenberg initiated coverage of Nike (NKE) with a Hold rating and $58 price target. Within sporting goods, the firm favors incumbents over "challenger brands" given their "deep" franchise values which underpin the long-term sustainability of returns.
Benchmark initiated coverage of MercadoLibre (MELI) with a Buy rating and $2,500 price target. MercadoLibre "stands out as a dominant regional leader in the global e-commerce setting," says the firm.
Piper Sandler initiated coverage of RxSight (RXST) with a Neutral rating and $18 price target. The firm likes the company's novel light adjustable lens technology and that it plays in the "massive" innovative intraocular lens marketplace, but is taking a "wait-and-see approach."
Citi reinstated coverage of Omnicom (OMC) and Interpublic Group (IPG) with Buy ratings and price targets of $103 and $35, respectively. U.S. tariffs will likely hurt U.S. advertising spending, but the firm finds both stocks "very compelling" even with the tariff impact.
Needham initiated coverage of Aurora Innovation (AUR) with a Buy rating and $10 price target. The firm says the company is positioned to leverage its Aurora Driver platform and industry partnerships to create the market for autonomous trucking on U.S. highways.
Nike (NYSE: NKE) needs no introduction.  Nike's winning culture has been replaced by a losing track record due to ongoing challenges.  If you're taking a closer look at Nike stock, know that adding the company to your portfolio is only a brilliant move if you believe one thing.
These could be protective plays, one observer said, referring to the activity in the NVDA put options.
The United Nations’ Net-Zero Banking Alliance has updated its guidelines in the wake of departures, with its latest guidance aiming for global warming “well below 2°C.”
President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on some tariffs.  Meanwhile, the trade dispute with China is heating up.  To catch full episodes of all The Motley Fool's free podcasts, check out our podcast center.
We recently published a list of Energy Stocks that are Losing This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where EON Resources Inc. (NYSEAMERICAN:EONR) stands against other energy stocks that are crashing this week. After an encouraging start to the year, the energy industry is now trailing just behind the general […]
We recently published a list of Energy Stocks that are Losing This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:PARR) stands against other energy stocks that are crashing this week. After an encouraging start to the year, the energy industry is now trailing just behind the […]
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 7.78% and 1.26%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
(Reuters) -Hedge fund Elliott Investment Management has built a stake of more than $1.5 billion in Hewlett Packard Enterprise, a person familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.  Elliott, one of the world's biggest activist investors, now ranks among the information technology company's biggest investors and plans to engage with management, said the person who was not permitted to discuss the campaign publicly.  Details of what Elliott may be pushing HPE, which is valued at $20 billion, to do could not be immediately determined.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Pharma Stocks to Buy for Long Term Growth. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) stands against other best pharma stocks to buy for long term growth. U.S. Pharma Turns to China for Drug Deals With big American […]
We recently published a list of 19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. On April 2, 2025, President Donald Trump declared […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
