Amid U.S. Uncertainty, Adidas Turns Focus Elsewhere
2025-04-29 07-05
https://wwd.com/business-news/financial/adidas-q1-2025-revenues-1237106358/?.tsrc=rss
Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

In Partnership With - Tree Hut 
Tree Hut's rise from TikTok fame to a trusted brand for fun, accessible self-care products.
The German sportswear brand reported growth of 12.7 percent in the first quarter.

Updated 1:20 p.m. ET April 29

	Given uncertainty in the U.S. market, Adidas may have to try and make more of its money elsewhere, chief executive officer Bjørn Gulden said during an online press conference reporting first-quarter results Tuesday morning in Germany.

	Despite market uncertainty and global tariff turmoil, Adidas reported organic growth of 12.7 percent in the first quarter to 6.15 billion euros. The sportswear giant’s operating profit also grew significantly, rising 81.7 percent to 610 million euros.

	“It has been a very good quarter and I’m very proud of what the teams around the world achieved,” Gulden said. “As you know it’s not been an easy quarter when it comes to external factors.”

	


	The company, which produces hardly any product at all inside the U.S., had already taken various measures to try to compensate for the impact of on-again, off-again tariffs by the Trump administration.

	Over the past seven years or so, both Adidas and competitor Nike have been steadily moving production out of China and into countries like Vietnam. Adidas now makes around 40 percent of its footwear there. The U.S. government is leveling tariffs of up to 145 percent on Chinese-made goods but also recently targeted Vietnam with higher tariffs, before dropping them back to 10 percent.

	In response, Gulden said Adidas had tried to clear as much product through U.S. customs as possible before tariffs were imposed and had rerouted products made in China to other markets or left them in the Chinese market itself.

	As yet, Adidas hasn’t raised prices in the U.S. nor has it seen any shortages or any adverse reactions from American consumers, company executives noted.

	In fact, any Adidas products that might be impacted by tariffs — even the reduced 10 percent tariffs currently on Vietnam — have yet to land in North America. “Nothing is visible yet,” Gulden explained.

	Some products will land in the second quarter and might have a slight effect on Adidas’ margins, but it won’t be until the last half of the year that tariffs really hit, he said. At that stage, Adidas will be watching consumer reactions closely and respond accordingly.

	“We’ve flagged the uncertainty going forward,” Gulden explained. “We have about 20 percent of our business in the U.S. — so important for us, is also that we focus on the other 80 percent which you can see we have momentum in. The whole organization is focusing on more of the other markets, making sure that we continue with our momentum and that we maybe get even more growth out of them than we currently have.”

	In fact, it is even a somewhat “ironic” advantage that Adidas isn’t as exposed to the U.S. market as others, Gulden said, likely a veiled reference to Nike, which manufactures abroad but sells around 40 percent of its products at home. 

	In the first quarter, European revenues rose 14 percent. In Greater China and in Japan and South Korea — Adidas now tallies the two latter countries together — the brand saw growth of 12.7 percent and 12.8 percent, respectively. Emerging markets and Latin America rose 23.4 percent and 26.2 percent, respectively.

	


	In North America, sales grew 2.8 percent. But Adidas executives noted their first-quarter tallies no longer included any of the previously very profitable Yeezy products, the result of a now-canceled collaboration with the controversial rapper formerly known as Kanye West. When Yeezy sales were excluded from that calculation, North American sales would actually have increased 13 percent between January and March.

	In all other territories, Adidas’ sales growth was one to two percentage points higher in the first quarter, when Yeezy products were taken out of the comparatives.

	In the first quarter last year, Yeezy goods brought in around 150 million euros and Adidas executives emphasized the group’s growth without Yeezy reflected the current strength of the brand.

	A trend for so-called “terrace” shoes has helped Adidas climb out of the financial hole caused by cancelling the Yeezy line.

	Some market analysts have pondered how long Adidas’ good fortune with the “terrace” trend can last.

	“Many of you question if this is not dangerous…in the sense that things can slow down,” Gulden conceded. “But I can tell you that the heat in these different franchises is being kept — by updating them with different materials, doing limited editions, and then extending the franchises, depending on the heat in different markets. We are not afraid of this,” he declared.

	The so-called “low-profile” trend is also benefiting Adidas, with one collaborator, Puerto Rican musician Bad Bunny, popularizing a kind of gender-bending, ballerina-meets-sneaker look, he said. “And if you want an insider tip, anything with animal print is flying off the shelves,” Gulden added, laughing.

	Adidas is also placing bigger bets on “lifestyle” running shoes, including a 3D-printed sneaker to be released shortly and the Adizero Evo SL, an affordable version of a much pricier shoe designed for professional athletes.

	The latter “was meant as a training, running shoe,” Gulden explained. “But because of the design, the weight, the comfort and yes, because of the look, it has become a major lifestyle shoe.”

	


	Adidas reiterated its guidance for the full year, first issued earlier in March. However, because of “external volatility and macroeconomic risks,” the range of possible outcomes had to be widened, the company said in a statement.

	Adidas now expects sales to grow at a high-single-digit level in 2025 and for its operating profit to fall somewhere between 1.7 billion and 1.8 billion euros.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.