Title: Opinion: The folly of Trump’s sneaker tariffs
Date: 2025-04-09 16:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/opinion-the-folly-of-trumps-sneaker-tariffs-164418249.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season If Americans were clamoring for higher sneaker prices, lower quality, and fewer styles to choose from, then President Trump’s tariffs would be just the ticket. That’s not what they want, of course. Voters gave Trump a second term in the White House last year in large part because they want lower prices, paychecks that stretch further, and more prosperity. Trump hasn’t delivered that so far. The aggressive tariffs dominating his economic agenda are already raising prices, punishing stocks, and leading economists to forecast lower growth and rising unemployment. Trump says, no matter. His tariffs are necessary to bring manufacturing back to the United States and create more assembly line jobs. He describes a stock wipeout and possible recession as “medicine” that will eventually make the patient — the US economy — healthier. Yet there are many instances in which Trump’s tariffs will raise prices while bringing virtually no jobs back to America, imposing a net loss on the US economy and American consumers. To understand why, start with the shoe rack in your closet and the sneaker collection that probably includes specialized shoes for various sports, trendy athleisure kicks, and maybe a few pairs of dress or designer sneakers that now qualify as business attire. Americans spend about $31 billion on Nike, Adidas, Converse, and many other sneaker brands each year, more than any other footwear category. Almost all sneakers in the US market come from Asia, with Vietnam the top source, followed by China, Indonesia, and Cambodia. Producers in those nations have built huge, sophisticated supply chains allowing them to minimize costs and maximize scale, which is why consumers throughout the world can get affordable products while the companies selling the shoes make decent profits. After Trump announced his "Liberation Day" tariffs on April 2, Apollo Global Management (Yahoo Finance's parent company) estimated that imported sneakers would face a new consumption tax of at least 42%. That could change now that Trump has temporarily called off his reciprocal tariffs, which would apply to Vietnam, Indonesia and Cambodia. At the same time, Trump has raised the tariff on Chinese imports to a whopping 125%, as his broad-based trade war increasingly becomes a showdown between China and the United States. Whatever the tariffs, the Asian cost advantage will still be so significant that moving production to somewhere else — especially the United States — would make little economic sense. “There are only four countries in the world where you can produce sneakers at high volume,” Craig Radcliffe, Apollo’s managing director in public policy, said during a recent conference call with clients. “I don’t know what a footwear company does. You really don’t have any good options. It’s not credible to think we’re going to bring that supply chain back to the United States. Maybe we just need to buy less of those things.” Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet Trump seems to want all manner of manufacturing to return to the United States, as if it is ideal to build everything we consume. It isn’t. One way economists differentiate industries is by “value added,” or the enhancements that make something worth more than the raw materials that go into it. High-value-added industries include digital technology, business services, advanced manufacturing, green energy, autonomous vehicles, and other things requiring high levels of innovation and expertise. Those industries produce the strongest growth, the highest incomes for workers, and the biggest advantage against competing economies. Smart industrial policy would focus on cultivating high-value-added industries. Trump isn’t doing that. Sneakers and most clothing categories are low-value-added industries, which means there’s less financial upside for businesses and workers in the actual manufacturing of the product. Low-value-added industries are a good fit for developing economies such as Vietnam, where there are millions of workers willing to toil for relatively low pay. But in advanced economies such as the United States, business investment perpetually migrates out of “sunset” industries with low returns into “sunrise” industries likely to be dominant in the future. “There’s no compelling argument for Americans to move back down the value-added supply chain,” said Joe Brusuelas, chief economist at consulting firm RSM. “Even if a company wanted to take that sort of risk, where are they going to get employees?” He pointed out that immigrants often man low-skill assembly lines, and Trump wants less immigration, not more. The unemployment rate, meanwhile, is a low 4.2%, suggesting there are few or no surplus American workers interested in low-paying jobs making sneakers. During his first term, Trump imposed limited tariffs on many goods from China, including sneakers and other types of shoes. A 2023 analysis of those tariffs by Trade Partnership Worldwide found that even with the China tariffs, which are still in place, the cost of producing in the United States would have been 3 to 4 times higher. So Americans paid the tariffs, and production stayed in China. “The burden of the tariffs on footwear imported from China has fallen primarily on U.S. companies and American families in the form of higher costs and higher prices,” the study found. “U.S. manufacturers and their workers did not benefit from any significant (if even measurable) reshoring of footwear sourcing.” Trump’s 2025 tariffs are far beefier, as if he thinks production will return to the United States if the cost of foreign production simply goes high enough. In the sneaker business, that simply ignores economic reality. Shoemakers such as Adidas (ADS.DE) and Under Armour (UA) have experimented with “innovation labs” in the United States that could have become broader production centers, but it didn’t pan out. “From a production perspective, people are unwilling to do these kinds of jobs,” said Matt Priest, CEO of the Footwear Distributors and Retailers of America. “Or we do it with robotics. The whole thing is ass-backwards.” What will happen instead of an American sneaker renaissance is most sneaker production will stay in Asia, while tariffs raise costs for consumers and lower profits for producers. If the China tariffs remain far higher in China than in other Asian nations, production could shift out of China. But producers also know that Trump is mercurial and could change his mind at any time, so moving production could backfire. Before Trump paused his reciprocal tariffs, the new tax was 46% on imports from Vietnam, 32% on Indonesian goods and 49% on Cambodian goods. Imports from those three countries now face a new 10% tariff. Nobody knows what the final tariffs will be, which means businesses can only guess. Contrary to what Trump often says, American importers pay those customs duties to the US Treasury and usually try to pass on as much as they can to their own customers. A rule of thumb is that retail customers end up paying about half of any added tariffs through price increases, with the rest borne by producers along the supply chain. Drop Rick Newman a note, follow him on Bluesky, or sign up for his newsletter. “Prices will go up for sure,” said Priest. The biggest price shocks for consumers could come when the back-to-school shopping season begins over the summer and retailers have exhausted pre-tariff inventory. To cut costs, sneaker makers will probably move to cheaper components. Priest said retailers are already cutting orders in anticipation of falling demand, as shoppers face higher prices for thousands of items affected by Trump’s tariffs. That could mean less selection and possibly shortages. Some importers, meanwhile, will face financial stress because they have to pay much higher customs duties to the US Treasury up-front but can’t recoup those costs until they sell their wholesale products to the next purchaser, who might balk at the higher prices. Those firms — American businesses — may face cash-flow problems if they can’t arrange bridge financing. And the few footwear makers that do produce in the United States, such as New Balance, now have to pay higher costs to produce domestically because of tariffs on assembly line equipment. When Trump imposed tariffs during his first term, there was an exemption process that allowed companies to plead with the government for tariff relief if the new taxes were too damaging to their business. The government approved about one-third of those requests. But Trump now seems determined to shut that relief valve. “We’ve been told there won’t be any exclusion process for any product,” Nate Herman, senior vice president for policy at the American Apparel and Footwear Association, told Yahoo Finance. “These additional costs are going to be passed on.” Before Trump paused the reciprocal tariffs, his group estimated price hikes for sneakers at the retail level would range from 25% to 45%, with little to no sneaker manufacturing moving back to the United States. What could stop Trump’s war on imported sneakers and thousands of other products? Some business groups are bringing legal challenges, claiming that Trump lacks the authority to impose such sweeping tariffs. But that will come down to a Supreme Court generally favorable to Trump’s autocratic governing style. Some congressional Republicans are grumbling, but there’s essentially no chance of legislation that would remove Trump’s tariff authority with enough votes to override a presidential veto. The fate of Trump’s trade war may ultimately depend on how voters react. “There is going to be pushback and it’s going to be significant,” Herman said. “I just don’t think it will happen anytime soon. A lot of the damage will have to happen first.” Sneakerheads, you're on notice. Rick Newman is a senior columnist for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on Bluesky and X: @rickjnewman. Click here for political news related to business and money policies that will shape tomorrow's stock prices. Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance President Trump is attempting to calm Wall Street's nerves with sweeping reciprocal duties on some 185 countries now officially in effect. Elon Musk's disagreements with the Trump administration on tariffs have dramatically spilled into public view. It was a break that had been a long time coming. President Trump made yet another quick pivot on trade, announcing that he would authorize a 90-day pause on his reciprocal tariff plans for most countries and telling reporters he did so because people were getting 'yippy' and 'afraid.' The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... A deluge of cheap, imported shrimp tanked the economies of small shrimping towns like Bayou La Batre in southern Alabama. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
