Title: NIKE's Jordan Air Rev Brings Flight Lock System to Aid Golfers' Move
Date: 2025-04-15 16:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nikes-jordan-air-rev-brings-162500931.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
NIKE Inc. NKE has been making efforts to offer a seamless experience. The company is intensifying its focus on sports and speeding up the introduction and expansion of new products and innovations.We note that NIKE’s Jordan Brand Air Rev has come up with Flight Lock technology to bring a customizable system of containment to aid golfers. This will be initially available on May 14 at jordan.com and select retail partners in North America, which will then be launched globally in the future months. Golfers can avail new Jordan Brand Golf apparel this summer.
The Flight Lock technology debuts a movable Air Zoom unit keeping the trailing foot locked in place, with effective pressure on every swing. The Air Zoom unit pairs with an interchangeable Formula23 foam, which is to be used on the lead foot, while providing cushioned stability. Hence, the latest customizable system ensures both left and right-handed golfers have the same model of shoe with the swapping of the Air Zoom unit and Formula23 foam according to their requirements. In addition, the dial lacing system permits golfers to customize their fit further, while the leno weave strap aids them in locking in for throughout the day performance.The silhouette pairs with Jordan Brand Golf apparel that blends Michael Jordan golf silhouettes with contemporary styles, offering an edge to the game. This looks forward to offering efficiency and consistency alongside staying grounded in fit, form and functionality.
NIKE is also enhancing its storytelling efforts with greater impact and boldness while elevating the overall marketplace to strengthen brand distinction and align with consumer preferences. Focus on its sports performance product category has been a key driver of its strategy.This Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) company’s multiyear innovation cycle has been mainly focused on increasing its speed to the consumer. For years, it has used the Express Lane to facilitate short-lead-time replenishment and hyperlocal design, and it expects to continue leveraging this. It has developed a new approach across the entire product creation process. During the second half of fiscal 2025, the company expects to see additional innovations to be launched from Speed Lane, including several exciting new franchises in fitness and lifestyle.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
However, NKE’s shares have lost 22.9% in the past three months compared with the industry’s 23% decline. The company has been witnessing ongoing challenges, further highlighted by its disappointing second-quarter fiscal 2025 results. In the quarter, NIKE faced continued pressure from weak sales in its lifestyle segment, declining digital revenues and challenges in the Greater China market, leading to slower revenue growth and squeezed profit margins.
We have highlighted three better-ranked stocks, namely, Ralph Lauren RL, Gildan Activewear GIL and Royal Caribbean RCL.Ralph Lauren, a designer and distributor of premium lifestyle products, including apparel, accessories and footwear, currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) at present. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Ralph Lauren has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 6.5%, on average. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for RL’s current financial-year sales indicates growth of 5.8% from the year-ago figure.Gildan Activewear, a manufacturer of premium quality branded basic activewear, carries a Zacks Rank of 2 at present. GIL has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 5.3%, on average. The consensus estimate for Gildan Activewear’s current financial-year sales indicates growth of 4.4% from the year-ago figure.Royal Caribbean carries a Zacks Rank of 2 at present. RCL has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 15.7%, on average.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for RCL’s 2025 sales and earnings per share indicates an increase of 8.9% and 25.7%, respectively, from the year-ago levels.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
NIKE, Inc. (NKE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Ralph Lauren Corporation (RL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Gildan Activewear, Inc. (GIL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Besides Wall Street's top -and-bottom-line estimates for RTX (RTX), review projections for some of its key metrics to gain a deeper understanding of how the company might have fared during the quarter ended March 2025.
Robinhood Markets, Inc. (HOOD) reachead $44.08 at the closing of the latest trading day, reflecting a -0.14% change compared to its last close.
RTX (RTX) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
The chip maker will take a $5.5 billion charge in the current quarter for H20 inventory and canceled sales.
Wall Street analysts offered a gloomy view of the first quarter for much of Hollywood, warning that economic uncertainty caused by President Donald Trump's erratic tariff plans has undermined consumer confidence and heightened fears of a recession.  The threat of an economic downturn would take a toll on an industry dependent on discretionary spending, squeezing TV advertising sales and theme park attendance, and spurring streaming service cancellations.  MoffettNathanson analysts estimate a recession could result in $45 billion in lost advertising spending this year, and risk advertising budgets permanently shifting away from traditional television to alternatives like streaming services or digital platforms.
We recently published a list of 11 Top Performing European Stocks So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC (NASDAQ:CCEP) stands against other best performing European stocks to invest in. The world economy is hanging by a thread, as the macroeconomic environment consists […]
The stock market took a downward turn on Wednesday after Nvidia said it would take a $5.5 billion charge due to U.S. export restrictions on H20 processors to China and other countries.
While MNST has a global reach and stable financials, CELH is a higher-growth opportunity driven by product innovation and expansion.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
