Is Nike, Inc. (NKE) the Worst-Performing Blue Chip Stock So Far in 2025_
2025-04-29 14-14
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-inc-nke-worst-performing-141419297.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 11 Worst-Performing Blue Chip Stocks So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nike, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other worst-performing blue chip stocks so far in 2025.
Blue chip stocks are under immense pressure amid the evolving trade tensions and tariff announcements around the globe. The stocks are down by more than 15%, with some plummeting into bearish territory on shedding more than 20% in market value year to date.
The selloff has come on trading volumes reaching levels not seen in 18 years; investors are increasingly exiting positions. As the US implements sweeping tariffs and China retaliates, fears of a global trade war and recession concerns continue to dent the market outlook.
“The president is losing the confidence of business leaders around the globe…this is not what we voted for,” wrote Bill Ackman, the billionaire head of Pershing Square, on X. “The President has an opportunity on Monday to call a timeout and have the time to execute on fixing an unfair tariff system. Alternatively, we are heading for a self-induced, economic nuclear winter and should start hunkering down.”
While blue-chip stocks come from well-known, established companies with a strong performance history, they are the most susceptible to changes in trade policies and tariffs. That’s because their business operations span various borders. This might explain why the stocks come under pressure every time the US imposes tariffs, followed by retaliatory measures from other nations.
Similarly, the prospects of the US Federal Reserve sticking with high interest rates to try and tame inflationary pressure from getting out of hand amid the trade war is another major headwind taking a toll on large-cap companies. Last year, the stocks exploded on expectations that the Central Bank would cut interest rates on inflation, dropping to acceptable levels.
Likewise, blue chip stocks exploded on the artificial intelligence-driven run amid growing expectations of multibillion-dollar opportunities around revolutionary technologies. Fast forward, interest rate cut expectations have faded, and investors have started questioning opportunities around AI. The development of low-cost AI models is one factor that has significantly affected sentiments in the semiconductor sector, triggering a recalibration of the long-term outlook.
According to analysts at research firm Citi, President Donald Trump’s tariff push could plunge the U.S. economy into a recession. In return, chip stocks could plunge by over 20% as they remain the most susceptible.
“We believe the biggest risk to the semi sector is a recession resulting from tariffs,” Chris Danely, a managing director at the bank, wrote to clients in a recent note. “If the tariffs continue for another month, we believe is it highly likely the supply chain will ‘freeze up’ given uncertainty, drastically lower order rates/inventory, and result in lower guidance across the board – similar to Covid.”
On the other hand, semiconductor stocks are not the only ones under pressure amid the escalating trade wars. Energy, industrials, and healthcare stocks are also feeling the brunt, resulting in some of the worst-performing blue chip stocks so far in 2025.
To prepare this article, we began by listing all the holdings of the various blue chip ETFs like E.A. Bridgeway Blue Chip ETF and Vanguard Mega Cap ETF, among others. We then sourced the year-to-date share price returns for each company and selected the worst performers, as of April 25. We have also mentioned the hedge fund sentiment around each stock, as of Q4 2024. The stocks are ranked in descending order of their year-to-date performance.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A team of trainers and athletes displaying a wide range of athletic and casual footwear.
Year To Date Share Price Return as of April 25: -21.79%
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 73
Nike, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) is a footwear and accessories company that designs, develops, and markets athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories, and services. It is the world’s largest supplier of athletic shoes and apparel, with a mission to drive innovation and inspire athletes. While the stock is down by about 22% for the year, it has shed about 50% in market value since the beginning of 2024, affirming its status as one of the worst-performing blue chip stocks.
The underperformance comes from the company delivering disappointing financial results that have raised serious concerns about underlying growth. In its third quarter fiscal 2025, revenue fell 9% as earnings per share fell 30% to $0.54 a share. Revenue and earnings per share over the last three quarters have dropped by 9% and 26%, respectively. The disappointing financial results come from Nike, Inc.’s (NYSE:NKE) facing a challenging promotional environment exacerbated by currency headwinds and tariffs. The decline in sales by 17% in China in the third quarter underscores how the company remains vulnerable to tariff threats. The company projecting Q3 2025 revenues to drop underscores why the stock is being hit hard in the markets.
Nike, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) also remains under pressure amid reports that it is struggling to automate its production processes in the US. Berenberg has initiated coverage of the stock with a Hold rating and a $58 price target while reiterating it faces an uncertain future in reviving growth and profitability.
Overall, NKE ranks 2nd on our list of worst-performing blue chip stocks so far in 2025. While we acknowledge the potential of NKE as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NKE but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
One analyst is no longer willing to run with Nike (NYSE: NKE), and the stock stumbled on Wednesday as a result.  Numerous investors took the pundit's recommendation downgrade to heart and traded out of Nike; when the race was over, the shares had clocked a 2% decline in price.  Before market open, Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) prognosticator Ike Boruchow knocked his Nike recommendation down to equal weight (read: hold) from his preceding overweight (buy).
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Travelers Companies Inc. (NYSE:TRV) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the […]
Nike stock receives downgrade as Wells Fargo revises retail targets based on recession expectations. Levi Strauss avoids China impact.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.