Title: Winners And Losers Of Q4: Genesco (NYSE:GCO) Vs The Rest Of The Footwear Stocks
Date: 2025-04-09 09:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/winners-losers-q4-genesco-nyse-090438247.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season The end of the earnings season is always a good time to take a step back and see who shined (and who not so much). Let’s take a look at how footwear stocks fared in Q4, starting with Genesco (NYSE:GCO). Before the advent of the internet, styles changed, but consumers mainly bought shoes by visiting local brick-and-mortar shoe, department, and specialty stores. Today, not only do styles change more frequently as fads travel through social media and the internet but consumers are also shifting the way they buy their goods, favoring omnichannel and e-commerce experiences. Some footwear companies have made concerted efforts to adapt while those who are slower to move may fall behind. The 8 footwear stocks we track reported a mixed Q4. As a group, revenues beat analysts’ consensus estimates by 2% while next quarter’s revenue guidance was in line. Amidst this news, share prices of the companies have had a rough stretch. On average, they are down 33.8% since the latest earnings results. Spanning a broad range of styles, brands, and prices, Genesco (NYSE:GCO) sells footwear, apparel, and accessories through multiple brands and banners. Genesco reported revenues of $745.9 million, flat year on year. This print fell short of analysts’ expectations by 5%. Overall, it was a softer quarter for the company with adjusted operating income in line with analysts’ estimates. Genesco delivered the weakest performance against analyst estimates of the whole group. The stock is down 47% since reporting and currently trades at $17.20. Read our full report on Genesco here, it’s free. Originally selling Japanese Onitsuka Tiger sneakers as Blue Ribbon Sports, Nike (NYSE:NKE) is a global titan in athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories. Nike reported revenues of $11.27 billion, down 9.3% year on year, outperforming analysts’ expectations by 2.3%. The business had a stunning quarter with an impressive beat of analysts’ EPS estimates and a solid beat of analysts’ EBITDA estimates. The stock is down 24.4% since reporting. It currently trades at $54.35. Is now the time to buy Nike? Access our full analysis of the earnings results here, it’s free. Synonymous with "dad shoe", Skechers (NYSE:SKX) is a footwear company renowned for its comfortable, stylish, and affordable shoes for all ages. Skechers reported revenues of $2.21 billion, up 12.8% year on year, in line with analysts’ expectations. It was a softer quarter as it posted a significant miss of analysts’ EPS estimates and EPS guidance for next quarter missing analysts’ expectations. As expected, the stock is down 39.7% since the results and currently trades at $45.66. Read our full analysis of Skechers’s results here.  As seen in the infamous Wolf of Wall Street movie, Steven Madden (NASDAQ:SHOO) is a fashion brand famous for its trendy and innovative footwear, appealing to a young and style-conscious audience. Steven Madden reported revenues of $582.3 million, up 12% year on year. This result topped analysts’ expectations by 5.7%. Taking a step back, it was a slower quarter as it recorded full-year EPS guidance missing analysts’ expectations. The stock is down 47.4% since reporting and currently trades at $19.93. Read our full, actionable report on Steven Madden here, it’s free.  Founded in 1883, Wolverine Worldwide (NYSE:WWW) is a global footwear company with a diverse portfolio of brands including Merrell, Hush Puppies, and Saucony. Wolverine Worldwide reported revenues of $494.7 million, up 3% year on year. This print surpassed analysts’ expectations by 5.9%. More broadly, it was a slower quarter as it logged full-year EPS and revenue guidance missing analysts’ expectations. Wolverine Worldwide pulled off the biggest analyst estimates beat but had the weakest full-year guidance update among its peers. The stock is down 47.6% since reporting and currently trades at $9.81. Read our full, actionable report on Wolverine Worldwide here, it’s free.  In response to the Fed’s rate hikes in 2022 and 2023, inflation has been gradually trending down from its post-pandemic peak, trending closer to the Fed’s 2% target. Despite higher borrowing costs, the economy has avoided flashing recessionary signals. This is the much-desired soft landing that many investors hoped for. The recent rate cuts (0.5% in September and 0.25% in November 2024) have bolstered the stock market, making 2024 a strong year for equities. Donald Trump’s presidential win in November sparked additional market gains, sending indices to record highs in the days following his victory. However, debates continue over possible tariffs and corporate tax adjustments, raising questions about economic stability in 2025. Want to invest in winners with rock-solid fundamentals? Check out our 9 Best Market-Beating Stocks and add them to your watchlist. These companies are poised for growth regardless of the political or macroeconomic climate. Join Paid Stock Investor Research Help us make StockStory more helpful to investors like yourself. Join our paid user research session and receive a $50 Amazon gift card for your opinions. Sign up here. As the next leg of the rapidly escalating trade war comes into view, investors remain shell-shocked, extending a deep stock market rout and flocking to the safe-haven yen and Swiss franc, awaiting, and hoping, for some semblance of good news.  At the stroke of midnight (U.S. hours), President Donald Trump's reciprocal tariffs took effect, including 104% levies on Chinese goods, keeping fears of recession alive and upending a global trading order that has persisted for decades.  That has left investors scurrying for cover as the relief rally on Wednesday fizzled out and Asian stock markets were a sea of red. The European Central Bank is ready to preserve financial stability in case of further market turmoil but the sector, including hedge funds, appears well prepared for the recent rout, ECB policymakers said on Wednesday.  Since U.S. President Donald Trump announced a raft of tariffs last week, stocks have fallen sharply, the dollar has weakened and U.S. Treasuries sold off overnight, raising fears of escalating market turmoil that could drag the world into a financial crisis.  "The Bank of France and the European Central Bank are fully mobilised to ensure the (euro zone) economy is well financed and (ensure) financial stability," French Central Bank chief Francois Villeroy de Galhau said. News of trade negotiations with Japan stoked fresh optimism on Tuesday, but by mid afternoon, the day's huge gains had been wiped out. Across Wall Street, 44 publicly traded companies were upgraded Tuesday to an equivalent rating of "buy" or "neutral." Top Chinese brokerages have pledged to help steady domestic share prices in a concerted effort, the Shanghai bourse said, and scores of listed companies unveiled stock buying plans, as the local market reels from an escalating trade war.  The Shanghai Stock Exchange said late on Tuesday it held a meeting with 10 brokerages to stress the importance of stabilising markets in the face of external shocks.  The participants, including Citic Securities, Orient Securities and Industrial Securities, expressed optimism about China's growth prospects, and vowed to steady the market, it said in a statement. Lego opened a $1 billion factory in Vietnam on Wednesday that it says will make toys without adding planet-warming gas to the atmosphere by relying entirely on clean energy.  The factory in the industrial area of Binh Duong, close to Ho Chi Minh City, is the first in Vietnam that aims to run entirely on clean energy.  Lego says it will do that by early 2026. BERLIN (Reuters) -Google agreed on Wednesday to modify its automotive services and maps platform to end a German antitrust investigation that could have resulted in a hefty fine, with the changes applying across Europe.  The German Federal Cartel Office said it had ended its probe into the matter in light of commitments made by the company.  The remedies are expected to apply more broadly and not just in Germany because carmakers seek to develop uniform systems that can be deployed internationally. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
