Title: Trump's economy still hasn't shaken the faith of teens
Date: 2025-04-09 12:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trumps-economy-still-hasnt-shaken-the-faith-of-teens-122857921.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Despite economic uncertainty on the rise as Trump tariff talk morphed into reality, teens appear to be taking things in stride. About 57% of US teens surveyed in Piper Sandler's closely watched "Taking Stock" spring research report said the economy was getting worse, down from 67% in the fall of 2024 and 65% last spring. The report — released on Wednesday — showed that 19% think the US economy is getting better, up from 10% last fall and 11% last spring. Teen spending increased 6% to $2,388 on an annualized basis, with around 40% going toward food and clothing, the survey found. Some of their top retail brands skew to more expensive items: Nike (NKE) Jordan sneakers, Ugg boots from Decker's Outdoor (DECK), and Lululemon (LULU) leggings. Whether this teenage optimism persists is in question as their parents are likely smack in the middle of dealing with falling stock prices and prospects for much higher prices as tariffs penetrate supply chains. Read more: What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet The survey may not yet reflect these fresh economic challenges families are now facing. Piper Sandler surveyed 6,455 teens, with an average age of 16.2, from Feb. 10 to March 24, just before April's tariff-induced stock market earthquake. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI), Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC), and S&P 500 (^GSPC) are all down about 10% from March 31 to April 8. Momentum stocks that have minted money for many investors over the past two years are down even more this month — with Nvidia (NVDA) and Apple (AAPL) down 12% and 21%, respectively. Stocks are reacting to bruising new tariffs from the Trump administration. Trump's 104% tariffs on China kicked in on Wednesday, igniting the start of a full-on trade war with an important trading partner. Reciprocal tariffs on the European Union, Japan, and roughly 60 other countries also kicked in today, following a sweeping 10% tariff that set in last weekend. Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs Signals on the health of the US economy have begun to weaken beyond the pressure on the stock market. The Atlanta Federal Reserve's GDPNow forecast for the first quarter implies a 2.8% decline in gross domestic product (GDP). Data from Apollo Global chief economist Torsten Sløk this week highlighted rising weekly corporate bankruptcies, softening movie theater visits, weaker job posting numbers by companies, and rising continuing unemployment claims. Meanwhile, many economists on Wall Street continue to ratchet up their recession probability forecasts for 2025. BCA Research's veteran strategist Peter Berezin told me he sees a 75% chance of a recession within the next three months. "Conventional estimates understate the likely impact on economic activity from the trade war and DOGE cuts," Berezin said on Yahoo Finance's Opening Bid podcast (video above). "This implies that growth will slow more than expected." Berezin didn't rule out the US currently being in a recession. Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com. Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Market indexes shot up to levels not seen since the introduction of the Covid vaccine, if not well before that. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon would prefer to “kill meetings,” but if they need to happen, you must be prepared, transparent, and avoid getting distracted by emails or text messages. Experts say his stark words are even more important now as leaders issue return-to-office mandates. The "Magnificent Seven" tech stocks enjoyed a short-lived rebound Tuesday before the group reversed course and ended the day in negative territory as impending reciprocal tariffs dragged the market lower. President Donald Trump’s widespread additional tariffs on global trade partners has both investors and companies scrambling.  “Deals will be struck between the U.S. and at least some of our trade partners in the coming days,” Jefferies’ Head of Sustainability & Transition Strategy Aniket Shah said.  The White House says it has fielded interest from as many as 70 countries that want to come to the table. Walmart, Apple, Tesla, and Nvidia shares jump after President Donald Trump says he will be delaying tariffs above 10% on some countries for 90 days. ADDYY vs. NKE: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option? Opposing views on president Trump's tariffs persist, even among his supporters. Clothing and accessories retailers across the United States are delaying orders and freezing hiring ahead of tariff hikes that take effect Wednesday on products imported from Vietnam and China.  These businesses, much like Nike and Lululemon, face an impossible choice: offset the cost of tariffs by raising prices by some 40% - potentially cratering sales - or absorb the cost increase and further strain already-thin profit margins.  Ian Rosenberger, CEO of Day Owl, a six-year-old New York company that makes backpacks in Vietnam, has paused future orders. The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
