Title: Prediction_ This Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stock Will Rebound More Than Any Other This Year (Hint
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 08-08
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/prediction-this-artificial-intelligence-ai-stock-w/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=efd6089d-7882-44e8-a198-85730d43b6fe&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Artificial intelligence (AI) stocks delivered healthy gains in 2023 and 2024. However, due to the recent broad market sell-off, 2025 has been a tough year so far for companies looking to benefit from the fast-growing adoption of this technology.
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite index briefly entered bear territory and is down 15% from its all-time high as of this writing. The tariff-related turmoil has sent investors into risk-reduction mode as they look to protect their capital amid the economic uncertainty caused by a potential trade war.
This explains why AI leader Nvidia has dropped 15% year to date despite delivering solid results recently. The stock was flying high previously as tech giants and countries lined up to buy its AI data center graphics cards. However, the current market conditions have led many investors to book profits in the stock.
AI adoption is in its early phases, and Nvidia has enough catalysts that could help sustain healthy growth for a long time to come, but the stock could remain under pressure from tariff-related uncertainty.
However, there is another tech giant that could come out of its recent slump and even outpace Nvidia's returns in 2025 and beyond -- Meta Platforms (META -6.74%).
Known for its popular social media applications -- including Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp -- Meta has built a massive user base that puts it in a strong position to capitalize on the proliferation of AI within digital marketing.
At the end of 2024, the number of daily active users across Meta's family of apps stood at 3.35 billion. That's around 40% of the world's population.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025
That makes Meta one of the top choices for brands and businesses looking for access to a huge audience. The social media giant has been offering AI tools to its advertisers to help them reach customers more efficiently.
For instance, Advantage+ helps advertisers automate the creation of ads, freeing up their time to focus on more strategic work. And Advantage+ uses AI to help businesses optimize ad campaigns to deliver the best results.
The company's AI ad tools are giving advertisers higher returns. According to eMarketer, Meta's AI-powered ads had 22% higher returns in 2024 compared to the average ad on its platform. AI helps customers improve audience targeting for higher engagement and improved conversion rates.
Thus, advertisers are willing to pay more for access to Meta's apps. This has led to a 14% increase in the company's average price per ad in the fourth quarter of 2024. In just six months, the number of advertisers using Meta's generative AI ad tools has also quadrupled to 4 million.
To provide more AI features for businesses, the company's upcoming Llama 4 open-source model is going to help them integrate agentic AI functions into their operations. With its new AI reasoning model, Meta aims to reach small businesses that don't have the resources to hire development teams.
A company executive recently pointed out that 200 million small businesses are using its services globally. It plans to help those businesses reduce redundancies, find more customers, and provide better services with its agentic AI solutions.
Agentic AI is a major opportunity with one estimate from Market.US predicting 44% annual growth for the industry through 2034. The technology's ability to operate autonomously and perform tasks without the need for human intervention makes it particularly attractive.
In all, Meta Platforms is on track to make the most of large AI-related business opportunities in the long run. Its core digital advertising market, for instance, is expected to exceed $1.2 trillion in revenue by 2030, growing 15% annually. Meta is growing even faster with 22% revenue growth in 2024 to $160.6 billion, thanks in part to the implementation of AI tools.
Meta Platforms carries a 12-month median price target of $770 among 74 analysts covering the stock, with 86% of them rating it a buy. That price target represents a gain of 31% from where the stock trades as of this writing.
Analysts also expect revenue to jump 14% in 2025 to $187.7 billion, but the fast-growing adoption of generative AI tools within the digital ad market could help the company beat that projection.
Strong bottom-line growth has pushed the company's valuation to just 24 times trailing earnings -- its lowest level in two years and a discount to the Nasdaq 100 index's price-to-earnings ratio of 27. Buying this stock seems like the smart thing to do before it starts soaring once again.



Before you buy stock in Meta Platforms, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Meta Platforms wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


Randi Zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for Facebook and sister to Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
