Title: Citi and BofA earnings, Johnson & Johnson, China blocks Boeing
Date: 2025-04-15 15:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/citi-bofa-earnings-johnson-johnson-151532919.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
On today'sMarket Minute,Madison Millsrecaps the trending stories on Wall Street in just 60 seconds.
Citigroup (C) and Bank of America (BAC) stocks gain after reporting earnings that beat analyst estimates.
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is in focus after reporting earnings results as US President Trump pushes for tariffs on pharmaceutical imports into the US.
China reportedly stopped deliveries of Boeing (BA) orders as the US–China trade war continues, according toreporting from Bloomberg.
Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, withYahoo Finance's Market Minute.
It's time for Yahoo! Finances market minute. Stocks are higher for the third day in a row as investors navigate rapidly changing trade policy with the EU saying it expects most tariffs to remain as negotiations make little progress. Stocks pairing their gains off of that headline, but we did get more bank earnings. City and Bank of America both rising after topping Wall Street's expectations in their latest quarters. The banks reporting increased revenue fueled by booming in trade volume amid the market volatility. Johnson & Johnson shares lower after topping earnings estimates and boosting full-year sales forecast. Meantime, the Trump administration is probing pharmaceutical imports, setting the stage for tariffs on the sector. And Boeing shares are lower as China tells airlines to halt orders of the aerospace giant's jets in the latest escalation of the US-China trade war. That's according to reporting from Bloomberg. And that is your Yahoo! Finance market minute. For more on what's trending, scan the QR code where you can track the best and worst performing stocks of the session.
We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) stands against the other American tech stocks. American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies […]
The Fed can go from not buying Treasuries to doing it in size "in the blink of an eye," says James Athey, fund manager at Marlborough. "It feels a dangerous thing to say when the Dollar is behaving so badly," he adds.
This midstream pipeline builder is still a reliable investment in a wobbly market.
The S 500 reached an ominous-sounding milestone on Monday, even as stocks largely added to their gains from last week’s rebound.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.