Title: The Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2025 and Beyond
Date: 2025-04-13 19:15
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/13/best-high-yield-dividend-stocks-buy-2025-beyond/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=5bda5ad4-4ca2-4bbc-9886-ce14dd73006c&.tsrc=rss
Content:
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Investors are looking for solid dividend stocks with volatility returning to the markets. There are several top stocks offering yields much better than theS&P 500average of 1.44%, but some of these businesses are struggling competitively and are only offering high yields because their share prices have collapsed.
It's ideal to find high-yield stocks of strong companies that are delivering solid financial results and showing share price appreciation potential. Here are two dividend payers that are doing just that.
Coca-Cola(KO-0.68%)has historically weatheredrecessionswell. It has increased the dividend for 63 consecutive years after recently increasing its quarterly payment by 5% to $0.51. It's a great option for someone looking to boost their portfolio's average yield with relatively low risk.
Coca-Cola generates a significant portion of its annual revenue from making concentrate syrup for its trademark brand. This is a capital-light business model that churns out robust profits. The company's profit margin has remained above 20% over the last five years.
Despite choppy consumer spending behavior, global unit case volume grew 2% year-over-year in the fourth quarter and 1% for 2024. The company continues to adjust its marketing strategy and capitalize on its knowledge of local markets globally to drive sales. The company has been particularly effective at linking its beverages to different occasions, such as music or food, that resonate with consumers.
The stock has climbed 20% over the last year, and it currently offers aforward dividend yieldof 2.88%. Analysts expectCoca-Colato grow earnings at an annualized rate of 6% over the next several years. Combined with the high yield, investors can expect to earn an average annual return around 9%, which is slightly less than the historical return of the S&P 500 but with the advantage of earning a much higher dividend yield.
Leading wireless service providers are very resilient in recessions. Eliminating a phone or internet payment plan is probably the last thing people are going to cut in a recession. Shares ofAT&T(T1.21%)have climbed about 59% over the last year, driven by healthy demand for wireless phone plans and high-speed internet service.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is800%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
AT&T cut its dividend in 2022 to shore up funds to service its debt. The company's current quarterly dividend is $0.2775, bringing its forward yield to 4.2%. Instead of increasing its dividend, management has left the dividend unchanged as it focuses on paying down debt and investing for growth.
It's normal for telecoms to use a lot of debt, since they benefit from regular monthly bills from customers, which provides a high level of certainty for annual revenue and cash flows. The company's debt has declined from $177 billion in 2021 to $123 billion in 2024, while paying out less than half itsfree cash flowin dividends over the past year.
AT&T entered 2025 with momentum. It reported 1.7 million postpaid phone net additions last year, which refers to the monthly bills people pay for wireless service. The company also added 1 million AT&T Fiber net additions for the seventh consecutive year.It aims to keep pressure on competitors by focusing on delivering quality service and good deals.
The company generated more than $17 billion in free cash flow last year on $122 billion of revenue. The 4.2% forward yield, combined with management's optimism that it can growAT&T's business to increase the share price, makes this an excellent income investment for 2025 and beyond.
Before you buy stock inCoca-Cola, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andCoca-Colawasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $502,231!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $678,552!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is800% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
John Ballardhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/15/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends