Title: Delta Air Lines (DAL): Among Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s Top Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential
Date: 2025-04-11 20:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-air-lines-dal-among-203137580.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list ofBillionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s Top 10 Stocks Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) stands against Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s other top stock picks with huge upside potential.
Wall Street is overflowing with data. If companies are not releasing their earnings, economic data flows almost daily. This abundance of data can be overwhelming, making it easy to miss important signals. That’s why investors monitor billionaires who’ve made and continue to make their fortunes on Wall Street. The list of these billionaires is long, but a few, such as Warren Buffett and Stanley Druckenmiller, stand out.
Druckenmiller is a former Soros protégé who, after 12 years at Soros Fund Management, opted to exit and focus fully on his own hedge fund,Duquesne Capital, in 2000. He later transitioned this outfit into a family office – Duquesne Family Office – in 2010. Over the past eight quarters (up to Q4 2024), the family office has consistently outperformed the S&P 500. The top 20 holdings weighted have returned 81.63% in three years (cumulatively) and 22.01% (annualized).
READ ALSO:Top 10 Growth Stocks in David Tepper’s PortfolioandBillionaire Ken Fisher’s Top 13 Growth Stock Picks.
This billionaire is widely respected across Wall Street for many things, but most of all, his market acumen, integrity, and agility. One should recall that he was part of the Soros Fund Management crew that shorted the British pound in the early 1990s to the point of almost breaking the Bank of England. His genius in the market has been noticed by many. Ken Langone, another billionaire, described Druckenmiller as the best investor he’s ever known.
Druckenmiller is also influential. The Financial Times reports that the veteran investor could significantly influence the direction of the current US government economic policies. Scott Bessent, the current Treasury secretary, and Kevin Warsh, a possible successor to Jerome Powell at the Fed, are Druckenmiller’s proteges. According to the FT, these three “have a great relationship”, which implies that Druckenmiller has a direct line to the country’s most crucial economic thinkers.
Druckenmiller’s investing strategy is to chase value over hype. In other words, the 71-year-old billionaire focuses on investing in undervalued stocks rather than jumping on trendy ones. Simply put, he prefers solid opportunities over flashy ones. Just recently, he exited two of the most high-profile artificial intelligence (AI) stocks. This is an eye-brow-raising move, but if the billionaire’s genius is anything to go by, there must be value he is chasing.
To compile this list, we reviewed the Duquesne Family Office’s SEC Q4 2024 13F filings. We picked 10 stocks that have the highest upside potential from their current levels based on average analyst price targets (as of April 11). Finally, we organized the stocks in ascending order based on their highest analyst upside potential while also outlining hedge fund sentiment regarding these stocks as of Q4 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Stanley Druckenmiller of Duquesne Capital
Upside Potential as of April 11: 55.77%
Duquesne Capital’s Stake Value: $49.47 million
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 84
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) is one of the world’s largest airlines. The carrier provides passenger air transportation services to customers across six continents. It operates over 5,000 daily flights to more than 290 destinations worldwide.
Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) posted full-year 2024 revenue of $61.6 billion, reflecting a 6.2% rise compared to FY 2023. However, earnings per share (EPS) fell short of analyst projections by 11%. The company has reaffirmed its 2025 earnings guidance, citing strong peak season demand and declining fuel prices as factors likely to influence the full-year performance positively. Delta anticipates earnings exceeding $7.35 per share and free cash flow (FCF) above $4 billion for 2025.
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) is expanding its international presence with new routes to North Africa. It recently announced service to Marrakech, Morocco, starting October 25, 2025. The carrier will also add flights connecting its Atlanta hub to Accra, Ghana, beginning December 1, complementing existing service from New York-JFK. It will also expand premium leisure travel offerings with additional holiday frequencies to Hawaii for winter 2025-2026. As of March 29, analysts hold a consensus Buy opinion on the stock, and their 12-month average price target points to a 64.49% upside from current levels.
Overall, DALranks 10thon our list of Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s top stock picks with huge upside potential. While we acknowledge the potential of DAL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than DAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Waste Management, Inc. (NYSE:WM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it […]
This stock's recent past performance will be a tough act to follow.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s Top 10 Stocks Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where United Airlines (NASDAQ:UAL) stands against other Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s top stock picks with huge upside potential. Wall Street is overflowing with data. If companies are not […]
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.