Title: Gloomy retail earnings show consumers are feeling the pinch of US tariffs
Date: 2025-05-01 15:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gloomy-retail-earnings-show-consumers-151222225.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Reuters) -Lackluster quarterly results from consumer-facing companies including McDonald's and Harley-Davidson are the latest sign that American shoppers are curbing spending amid shifting U.S. trade policies.
McDonald's posted a surprise decline in quarterly global sales on Thursday and said it was navigating the "toughest of market conditions". It echoed recent warnings from restaurant operators Domino's Pizza, Chipotle Mexican Grill and Starbucks that Americans were spending less on dining out.
Cosmetics maker Estee Lauder forecast a bigger-than-expected drop in fiscal 2025 sales, while motorbike maker Harley-Davidson joined a spate of companies this week in pulling forecasts, citing the uncertain macroeconomic environment.
Investors have been worried that the Trump administration's tariff plans will spur a resurgence in inflation and hurt global economic growth, in turn deterring discretionary spending.
"It's very difficult for retailers to give solid guidance and not be conservative when they don't know what they're going to be able to get in terms of inventories, especially ones that come from China," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at B Riley Wealth.
Estee Lauder said sales in the Americas declined primarily due to a dip in "consumer confidence and sentiment", which led to elevated inventory levels and destocking at certain retailers.
The U.S. economy contracted in the first quarter for the first time in three years, data on Wednesday showed, and consumer spending - which accounts for more than two-thirds of the economy - grew at 1.8% after a robust 4% pace in the fourth quarter.
The United States has approached China, seeking talks over Trump's 145% tariffs, a social media account affiliated with Chinese state media said on Thursday, potentially signaling Beijing's openness to negotiations.
Trump instituted sweeping tariffs in early April, unleashing a wave of selling across stocks worldwide and prompting several companies to either withdraw guidance or warn about their performance in the coming months.
Fast-casual chain Shake Shack posted weaker-than-expected first-quarter revenue on Thursday and said it was factoring in some level of pressure on consumer spending as well as headwinds from higher inflation this year.
However, results from card companies Mastercard and Visa signaled resilience in consumer spending.
"Visa and Mastercard data say consumers are doing fine, but reports from the likes of McDonald's suggest that it's still the higher-income shopper that is doing the heavy lifting," said Brian Jacobsen, chief economist at Annex Wealth Management.
"It's an unsustainable situation and likely to break towards a breakdown in spending without a tariff reprieve soon."
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar, Purvi Agarwal and Ananya Mariam Rajesh in Bengaluru; Editing by Pooja Desai)
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (NYSE:PEG) stands against the other stocks. As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes […]
U.S. equities jumped at midday, as tech stocks rallied following strong earnings reports from Microsoft and Meta Platforms.
Brazilian airline Gol on Thursday announced that it has struck a new deal with key creditors, paving the way for the company to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection likely by the end of June.  With the new development, Gol has now secured at least $1.375 billion in financing to exit bankruptcy, the filing showed.  Gol said that support from this majority group of creditors will substantially increase the chances of its restructuring plan being approved.
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Listed 20 Best Performing Stocks of the Last 20 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where RadNet, Inc. (NASDAQ:RDNT) stands against the other stocks. Discussing two decades of Mad Money, Jim Cramer took a moment to highlight the top-performing stocks since the […]
Alphabet's ad business keeps putting up huge numbers, but a DOJ breakup, generative AI threats, and potential macro slowdown loom.
Kohl's (KSS) said Thursday that it named Chair Michael Bender as interim chief executive after the d
We recently published an article titled Charles Akre’s and John Neff’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Moody’s Corporation (NYSE:MCO) stands against the other stocks with huge upside potential according to Charles Akre and John Neff. The current market environment of the […]
We recently published an article titled Charles Akre’s and John Neff’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where KKR & Co. Inc. (NYSE:KKR) stands against the other stocks with huge upside potential according to Charles Akre and John Neff. The current market environment […]
Kohl’s board of directors has ousted CEO Ashley Buchanan for cause, citing violations of company policies related to undisclosed conflicts of interest in vendor relationships.
BofA analyst Shinichiro Nakamura downgraded Mitsubishi UFJ (MUFG) to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $13.39, down from $14.14. Among the Japanese banking majors, the firm prefers Mizuho (MFG), the analyst stated. For Mitsubishi UFJ, the firm sees “considerable downside risk” to guidance and sees scope for the stock to lose its premium in the near term, the analyst added. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news. Try Now>> See to
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio