Title: Shake Shack Q1 Earnings & Revenues Miss Estimates, Increase Y/Y
Date: 2025-05-02 12:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shake-shack-q1-earnings-revenues-121200316.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Shake Shack Inc. SHAK posted first-quarter fiscal 2025 results, wherein earnings and revenues missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The bottom line missed the estimate after beating in the preceding two quarters. However, both metrics increased year over year.The quarter’s performance was aided by enhanced operations, menu innovation and store openings. Following the results, the SHAK stock witnessed a marginal gain of 1.1% during yesterday’s trading hours.
The company’s adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of 14 cents missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 16 cents by 12.5%. However, the metric increased 7.7% year over year. (See the Zacks Earnings Calendar to stay ahead of market-making news.)Quarterly revenues of $320.9 million lagged the consensus mark of $328 million by 2.1%. However, the top line increased 10.5% on a year-over-year basis.Same-Shack sales increased 0.2% year over year compared with 4.3% growth in the previous quarter. Our model predicted the metric to increase 3.1%. Shack sales rose 10.4% year over year to $309.8 million. We expected the metric to be $317.9 million.Licensing revenues were $11.1 million, up 11.1% year over year. Our model predicted the metric to be $10.7 million. Shack system-wide sales rose 10.4% year over year to $489.4 million.
Shake Shack, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Shake Shack, Inc. Quote
In the fiscal first quarter, operating income was $2.8 million compared with $0.03 million reported in the prior-year quarter. Restaurant-level profit margin was 20.7%, up 120 basis points (bps) year over year.The food and paper costs (as percentages of company revenues) contracted 80 bps year over year to 27.8%. Labor and related costs (as percentages of company revenues) also reduced 110 bps year over year to 28%.Total expenses in the quarter were $318.1 million compared with $290.5 million in the prior-year quarter. Our estimate for the metric was $326 million.Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter amounted to $40.7 million, up from $35.9 million in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 30 bps year over year to 12.7%.
As of March 26, 2025, Shake Shack’s cash and cash equivalents totaled $312.9 million compared with $320.7 million as of Dec. 25, 2024. Long-term debt at the end of the fiscal first quarter was $246.5 million compared with $246.7 million as of Dec. 25, 2024.
For second-quarter fiscal 2025, the company expects total revenues to be between $346 million and $353 million. Licensing revenues are projected in the range of $11.9-$12.3 million. The company anticipates the restaurant-level profit margin to be between 23% and 23.5%.For fiscal 2025, the company expects revenues to be in the range of $1.4-$1.5 billion.  Restaurant-level profit margin is projected to be about 22.5%, up from the prior estimate of 22%. SHAK expects adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $205-$215 million.SHAK expects approximately 45-50 company-operated openings in fiscal 2025. It also anticipates approximately 35-40 licensed Shack openings at the same time.
Shake Shack currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.McDonald's Corporation MCD reported first-quarter 2025 results, wherein earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate but revenues missed the same.In first-quarter 2025, McDonald's reported adjusted EPS of $2.67, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.64. Adjusted earnings rose 1% year over year. Quarterly net revenues of $5,956 million missed the consensus mark of $6,085 million. Additionally, the top line decreased 3% year over year.Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. CMG posted mixed first-quarter 2025 results, with earnings beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate and revenues missing the same. The top and bottom lines increased on a year-over-year basis.Chipotle's first-quarter results were affected by various headwinds, including unfavorable weather conditions and reduced consumer spending. Along with expanding its brand presence both domestically and internationally, Chipotle has made notable strides in enhancing restaurant operations, advancing back-of-house innovations.Starbucks Corporation SBUX reported second-quarter fiscal 2025 results, with earnings and net revenues missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The top line increased year over year, while the bottom line declined.In the fiscal second quarter, the company reported EPS of 41 cents, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 49 cents by 16.3%. The bottom line also decreased 39.7% from 68 cents reported in the prior-year quarter. Net revenues of $8.76 billion lagged the consensus mark of $8.79 billion by 0.3%. However, the reported figure was up 2.3% from $8.56 billion reported in the prior-year quarter.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Shake Shack, Inc. (SHAK) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Middle-class and lower-income Americans are in belt-tightening mode.  McDonald’s reported its worst sales since the pandemic for established U.S. restaurants, after anxious middle- and low-income diners cut their spending.  “People are just being more judicious,” McDonald’s Chief Executive  Chris Kempczinski  told investors Thursday.
The drive-thru efforts build on five consecutive quarters of improvements to speed of service and order accuracy.
Here at Zacks, our focus is on the proven Zacks Rank system, which emphasizes earnings estimates and estimate revisions to find great stocks. Nevertheless, we are always paying attention to the latest value, growth, and momentum trends to underscore strong picks.
Tandem Diabetes' Q1 bottom line lags estimate. However, the company experiences strong sales growth both in and outside the United States.
WisdomTree, Inc. (WT) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 0% and 1.19%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Piper Sandler Companies (PIPR) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 69.01% and 7.79%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
ED's first-quarter earnings miss estimates, and revenues grow 12.1% year over year. The company's operating income rises during the same period.
AL's first-quarter 2025 revenues are expected to have benefited from continuous growth in its fleet, an increase in sales activity and higher end-of-lease revenues.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio