Title: McDonald's Quarterly Same-Store Sales Unexpectedly Decline as Macro Uncertainties Weigh on Consumers
Date: 2025-05-01 14:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonald-apos-quarterly-same-store-145410251.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Newell Brands Inc. (NASDAQ:NWL) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green […]
McDonald's (MCD) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.14% and 2.12%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
MCD's first-quarter 2025 results hurt by decline in comparable guest counts.
Jefferies raised the firm’s price target on Munters Group (MMNNF) to CHF 160 from CHF 155 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. The company’s Q1 report was a “positive surprise” and the outlook “appears promising,” with no signs of a slowdown, the analyst tells investors in a research note. The firm says the anticipated rebound in AirTech enhances Munters’ risk/reward profile while the stock’s valuation is at “historic lows, making it a compelling investment opportunity.” Published first on TheF
McDonald's reported results before the open on Thursday that showed an unexpected decline in US same-store sales.
Reports Q1 EPS 35c vs. 34c last year. Reports Q1 revenue $321M vs. $323.4M last year. Anesa Chaibi, CEO, said, “In the first quarter we generated revenue of $321M, a decline of less than one percent from the year ago period. This performance was significant given the soft start in January, which was impacted by the mid-week timing of the New Year’s holiday. Excluding the holiday impact, revenue would have been up low single digits in the quarter. Results were led by Indoff and our largest strate
Booz Allen Hamilton and other government contractors got a lift as expectations around government spending cuts fell.  Defense contractors, and in particular the specialists that run information technology (IT) systems for the federal government, have been under pressure as the effort known as the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) looks for ways to cut costs.  In April, DOGE began to walk back some of its initial goals, and the defense stocks moved in the other direction.
CVS Health (CVS) on Thursday raised its full-year earnings outlook as the healthcare company reporte
Eli Lilly (LLY) slashed its full-year earnings outlook on Thursday due to acquisition-related charge
General Motors (GM) on Thursday lowered its full-year earnings outlook to reflect a $4 billion to $5
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio