Title: Airbnb CFO: 'Absolutely have seen a decline in popularity of foreign travelers coming to the US'
Date: 2025-05-02 18:22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/airbnb-cfo-absolutely-have-seen-a-decline-in-popularity-of-foreign-travelers-coming-to-the-us-182242698.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Airbnb (ABNB) says that international travelers are increasingly skipping visits to the US, an indication that President Trump's trade war may be impacting consumer preferences.
"We absolutely have seen a decline in popularity of foreign travelers coming to the US," Airbnb CFO Ellie Mertz told analysts during the company's first quarter earnings call on Thursday. She added, "It's less popular to come to the US from a year ago also relative to the beginning of the year."
Mertz noted the trend has had little impact on the company's quarterly results since US visits by foreign travelers account for 2% to 3% of the platform's overall business. Airbnb topped Wall Street estimates for earnings and revenue, though its second quarter outlook came in weaker than expected.
"Canada is the most obvious example where we see Canadians are traveling at a much lower rate to the US," said Mertz, adding that they're opting to travel more domestically, or to places like Mexico, Brazil, and France.
"I think what that tells you about the distribution is that, in this moment, it's not necessarily that people don't want to travel, they are just using different destinations," added Mertz.
Analysts have been warning that anti-American sentiment could weigh on economic activity in recent weeks. In a note published in late March, Goldman Sachs estimated that foreign boycotts could shave 0.1% to 0.3% off domestic GDP in 2025, registering a hit of up to $80 billion.
Other players in the travel industry beyond Airbnb have said they've seen fluctuations in demand.
JetBlue (JBLU) recently paused plans to start a daily route between Halifax, Canada, and Boston, the first time the airline has canceled a city before it opened.
"I think with the trends we're seeing in US-Canada demand — and more importantly, what we're seeing in the bookings on the airplane ... it was not going to be accretive for us anytime soon. So we figured we'd better rip off the Band-Aid now and move forward," JetBlue CEO Marty St. George told analysts during the airline's earnings call on Tuesday.
Companies in other industries have also noted an uptick in anti-American sentiment.
"What we have seen in our survey work is that there has been an increase in people in various markets saying that ... they're going to be cutting back their purchase of American brands," McDonald's (MCD) CEO Christopher Kempczinski said during the company's quarterly earnings call on Thursday.
However, Kempczinski noted, "That's had no impact on our business, and consumer sentiment toward the McDonald's brands remained strong."
Ines Ferre is a Senior Business Reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @ines_ferre.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
McDonald's low-cost value meals weren't enough to slow the drop in traffic to its fast food restaurants as consumers cut back spending.
2) Airbnb is the category leader in alt supply, with more than five million hosts and over eight million listings across 240-plus countries and territories.  4) after the 23% pullback in Airbnb shares in the past year, the stock is now trading at 16.5 times our lowered 2025 enterprise value to Ebitda, a 14% discount to its one-year average of 19 times and a 30% discount to its average since January 2022 of 23 times.
(Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. is teaming up with startup Anthropic PBC on a new “vibe-coding” software platform that will use artificial intelligence to write, edit and test code on behalf of programmers.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Rai
CAKE's Q1 results are aided by a strong performance at its flagship Cheesecake Factory restaurants. Also, a focus on effective operational execution bodes well.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Deciding whether to take a $400,000 lump sum or monthly pension benefit of $2,000 requires calculating the relative value of each option. Generally speaking, the sooner you can receive the lump sum, the more value it will have since you can invest it over a longer period. The monthly payment option may be more valuable […] The post Should I Take a $400,000 Lump Sum or $2,000 Monthly Payments for My Pension? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Short-term loans are great for emergencies and seasonal changes but aren’t cheap.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio