Title: McDonald’s reports 1% sales dip in Q1 2025
Date: 2025-05-02 11:58
URL: https://www.verdictfoodservice.com/news/mcdonalds-sales-dip-q1-2025/?.tsrc=rss

First-quarter net income declined to $1.87bn from the previous year's $1.93bn.
McDonald’s has reported a slight decrease in global comparable sales, down 1% in the first quarter (Q1) of 2025, with US sales down 3.6%. International operated markets also saw a 1% decline.
The news follows a comparison to a leap year in 2024, which included an extra day of sales.

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            




The company’s net income for Q1 fell to $1.87bn from $1.93bn year-on-year.
Total revenue for the first quarter stood at $5.95bn, down from $6.16bn in the same period of the previous year.
However, international developmental licensed markets bucked the trend with a 3.5% increase.
Overall, consolidated revenues and consolidated operating income saw a 3% decrease.
Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis.
McDonald’s systemwide sales reported a 1% decrease, but when adjusted for constant currencies, there was a 1% increase.
These results included pre-tax charges of $66m and $35m for the current year and previous year, primarily related to restructuring charges as part of the company’s Accelerating the Organization initiative.
Without these charges, operating income would have seen a 2% decrease, remaining flat in constant currencies.
Diluted earnings per share (EPS) also decreased 2% to $2.60, with currency adjustments showing a 1% decline.
McDonald’s chairman and CEO Chris Kempczinski stated: “McDonald’s has a 70-year legacy of innovation, leadership and proven agility, all of which give us confidence in our ability to navigate even the toughest of market conditions and gain market share.
“Consumers today are grappling with uncertainty, but they can always count on McDonald’s for both exciting new menu items and delicious favourites for exceptional value, from a brand they love.”

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    




Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 




Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the foodservice industry
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.