Title: McDonald's Q1 Earnings Beat, Revenues Miss Estimates, Stock Down
Date: 2025-05-01 15:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-q1-earnings-beat-revenues-151500489.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's Corporation MCD reported first-quarter 2025 results, wherein earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate but revenues missed the same. The bottom line rose but the top line decreased year over year.Following the results, the company’s shares are down 1.5% in today’s pre-market trading session.  The company’s results in the quarter were hurt by a decline in comparable guest counts.Its long history of innovation, leadership and adaptability continues to position the company well, even in challenging market environments, according to Chairman and CEO Chris Kempczinski. He emphasized that while consumers are facing economic uncertainty, McDonald’s remains a reliable choice, offering a combination of beloved classics, new menu innovations and strong value from a brand that has earned their trust.
In first-quarter 2025, McDonald's reported adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $2.67, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.64. Adjusted earnings rose 1% year over year.Quarterly net revenues of $5,956 million missed the consensus mark of $6,085 million. Additionally, the top line decreased 3% year over year. (See the Zacks Earnings Calendar to stay ahead of market-making news.)
At company-operated restaurants, sales were $2.13 billion, down 9% year over year. Sales at franchise-operated restaurants amounted to $3.66 billion, which decreased 2% year over year. However, Other revenues rose 78% year over year to $162 million. Our model predicted sales by company-operated and franchise-operated restaurants to rise 1% and decline 1.2%, respectively, from the prior-year levels.
McDonald's Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | McDonald's Corporation Quote
In the quarter under discussion, global comps decreased 1% against 1.9% growth in the prior-year quarter. Our estimate was a 1.1% increase year over year.
United States: In the first quarter, segmental comps declined 3.6% against 2.5% growth registered in the prior-year quarter. The company's comparable sales for the quarter were impacted by the comparison to Leap Day in the prior year. Our model estimated the U.S. comps to increase 1%.International Operated Markets: Segmental comps declined 1% against 2.7% growth in the year-ago quarter. Comparable sales showed varied performance across markets, with a notable drag from negative results in the United Kingdom. We anticipated an increase of 0.9% from the year-ago levels.International Developmental Licensed Segment: Segmental comparable sales registered a 3.5% increase against a 0.2% decline in the prior-year quarter. The segment's performance was driven by positive comparable sales, with the Middle East and Japan leading the growth.
In the first quarter, McDonald’s total operating costs and expenses were $3.30 billion, down 4% year over year.Operating income dropped 3% year over year to $2.64 billion. Net income totaled $1.86 billion, down 3% year over year.
MCD currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Fastenal Company’s FAST first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings were in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate and on par year over year. On the other hand, net sales surpassed the consensus mark and grew year over year.The top-line growth was attributable to improved customer contract signings over the past 12 months, which were partially offset by sluggish underlying business activity. The bottom line was adversely impacted by higher fleet and transportation costs, along with increased labor costs.Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. CMG reported mixed first-quarter 2025 results, with earnings beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate and revenues missing the same. The top and bottom lines increased on a year-over-year basis.Chipotle's first-quarter results were affected by various headwinds, including unfavorable weather conditions and reduced consumer spending. Along with expanding its brand presence both domestically and internationally, Chipotle has made notable strides in enhancing restaurant operations, advancing back-of-house innovations.Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. PLAY reported fourth-quarter fiscal 2024 results, with earnings beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate and revenues missing the same. Both metrics declined on a year-over-year basis.Dave & Buster’s reported a weak fourth quarter but expressed confidence in its direction as recent trends show signs of improvement. The current leadership team is undoing several decisions made by prior management in marketing, operations and capital spending, and is returning to a more disciplined, fundamentals-driven strategy.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Fastenal Company (FAST) : Free Stock Analysis Report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
McDonald's (MCD) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.14% and 2.12%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Iron Mountain (IRM) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 0.86% and 0.40%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
The headline numbers for McDonald's (MCD) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
Booz Allen Hamilton and other government contractors got a lift as expectations around government spending cuts fell.  Defense contractors, and in particular the specialists that run information technology (IT) systems for the federal government, have been under pressure as the effort known as the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) looks for ways to cut costs.  In April, DOGE began to walk back some of its initial goals, and the defense stocks moved in the other direction.
Builders FirstSource's first-quarter results reflect dismal core organic sales, along with ongoing Single-Family and Multi-Family margin normalization.
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.
Japan's economy probably contracted for the first time in a year in the first quarter, weighed down by softer domestic demand and imports outperforming exports, a Reuters poll showed, as U.S. President Donald Trump's trade policies dim the growth outlook.  Real gross domestic product (GDP) is forecast to have contracted an annualised 0.2% in January-March, according to a median forecast of 15 economists.  Private consumption, which accounts for more than half Japan's economic output, likely inched up 0.1% in the first quarter.
(Bloomberg) -- For one of India’s top-performing fund managers with a sense of history, the rally in the nation’s sovereign bond market is in its final stretches.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterA
Strong segmental revenues are likely to boost EXPD's first-quarter 2025 results.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio