Title: 'People are visiting less': McDonald's joins Starbucks and Chipotle in traffic drop amid consumer 'pressure'
Date: 2025-05-01 18:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/people-are-visiting-less-mcdonalds-joins-starbucks-and-chipotle-in-traffic-drop-amid-consumer-pressure-180016804.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Are consumers getting skittish?
Just ask McDonald's (MCD), Chipotle (CMG), and Starbucks (SBUX). Those companies, in their latest earnings reports, signaled that their customers are in the midst of an economic squeeze.
“The big thing is people are just visiting less and that speaks to, I think, the pressure on consumers,” McDonald’s CFO Ian Borden told analysts on Thursday morning after the company's first quarter earnings results missed Wall Street estimates in the face of drops in sales and traffic. 
The big reason, it seems, is that President Trump's tariff policy — and the flip-flopping that's come with it — has caused uncertainty among spenders and has weighed on consumer sentiment, pushing inflation expectations to their highest levels since the 1980s.
McDonald's pointed to traffic trends at quick-service restaurants by income level, showing the squeeze on consumers may be broadening.
In the US, low-income consumer traffic was down “nearly double digits versus the prior year quarter,” according to CEO Chris Kempczinski. "Unlike a few months ago, [quick-service restaurant] traffic from middle-income consumers fell nearly as much, a clear indication that the economic pressure on traffic has broadened."
The impact isn't just on value-chain restaurants. Chipotle CEO Scott Boatwright cited a slowdown in consumer spending during the company's earnings call in April as the Mexican-style food chain saw quarterly same-store sales decline for the first time since COVID-19 shut down stores in 2020.
Boatwright said last week, per the Wall Street Journal, that the burrito chain “began to see an elevated level of uncertainty” in February in which “saving money because of concerns around the economy was the overwhelming reason consumers were reducing the frequency of restaurant visits.”
He added in the earnings call, “We could see this in our visitation study, where saving money because of concerns around the economy was the overwhelming reason consumers were reducing the frequency of restaurant visits. This drove a slowdown in our underlying transaction trends; this trend has continued into April.”
The restaurant trends are consistent with recent Bank of America's credit card research showing that "nice-to-have" discretionary services, such as dining out, going to the movies, or travel and leisure spending, eased in March.
Meanwhile, coffee giant Starbucks (SBUX) recently saw US comparable store sales — a closely watched metric that includes results from stores open for more than a year — fall for the fifth consecutive quarter.
The coffee chain is in the thick of a company turnaround plan amid what CEO Brian Niccol called a "tough consumer environment."
Despite inflation and tariff uncertainty, Starbucks is opting not to raise prices in 2025. Instead of leaning into automation, the company intends to hire more baristas in order to pick up sales.
Said Niccol to analysts, "It is one of those things that people would say, hey, look, this is a simple everyday luxury that I can still continue to participate in kind of regardless of what some of the economic challenges are around them."
Ines Ferre is a Senior Business Reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @ines_ferre.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Airbnb's CFO said on the company's post-earnings conference call that international travelers are increasingly skipping trips to the US.
Robinhood's Jason Warnick on investment strategy, Sleep Number's Francis Lee details a new cost-cutting strategy and State Street's Mark Keating shares the results of ongoing transformation efforts.
Early Thursday morning Tesla chair Robyn Denholm denied a stunning report from the Wall Street Journal alleging Tesla’s board of directors was looking for CEO Elon Musk’s replacement.
British American Tobacco has a 7% dividend yield.  Price hikes and growth in smokeless nicotine products should drive earnings growth in the years ahead.  The financials indicate that British American Tobacco can keep growing its dividend per share in the future.
(Bloomberg) -- China said it is assessing the possibility of trade talks with the US, the first sign since Donald Trump hiked tariffs last month that negotiations could begin between the two sides.Most Read from BloombergNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund UpgradesNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised
Amazon reported its first quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Short-term loans are great for emergencies and seasonal changes but aren’t cheap.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio