Caterpillar Inc. to Announce First-Quarter 2025 Financial Results on April 30
2025-04-16 13-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-inc-announce-first-quarter-130000098.html?.tsrc=rss
IRVING, Texas,April 16, 2025/PRNewswire/ -- Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) will release first-quarter 2025 financial results at 5:30 a.m. CDT onWednesday, April 30. The full text of the release will be available atinvestors.caterpillar.com/financials/quarterly-resultsand on PR Newswire. The release will be furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) via a Current Report on Form 8-K in compliance with applicable SEC rules.
Teleconference and webcast access:A real-time, listen-only teleconference andwebcastof the quarterly results call that Caterpillar conducts with securities analysts and institutional investors will begin at7:30 a.m. CDT on Wednesday, April 30. Supporting materials will be available before the webcast atinvestors.caterpillar.com/events-presentations.
In addition to the webcast, the one-hour conference call can also be accessed by telephone from both domestic and international locations, with a conference ID provided below:
Conference ID:
8390933
Participant Toll-Free Dial-In Number:
(800) 715-9871
Participant Toll Dial-In Number:
+1 (646) 307-1963
The call can be accessed in real-time atinvestors.caterpillar.com/financials/quarterly-results. Listeners should go to the website before the live event to download and install any necessary audio software. The transcript from the conference call will be available atinvestors.caterpillar.com/financials/quarterly-resultsfollowing the webcast.
For those unable to participate in the live broadcast, the replay will be available atinvestors.caterpillar.com/financials/quarterly-resultsshortly after the live event. There is no charge to access the webcast. A telephone replay will not be available.
About CaterpillarWith 2024 sales and revenues of$64.8 billion, Caterpillar Inc. is the world's leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. For nearly 100 years, we've been helping customers build a better, more sustainable world and are committed and contributing to a reduced-carbon future. Our innovative products and services, backed by our global dealer network, provide exceptional value that helps customers succeed. Caterpillar does business on every continent, principally operating through three primary segments – Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation – and providing financing and related services through our Financial Products segment. Visit us atcaterpillar.comor join the conversation on our social media channels atcaterpillar.com/en/news/social-media.html.