Title: Next-generation Covid-19 vaccines currently being tested
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 10-30
URL: https://www.clinicaltrialsarena.com/analyst-comment/next-generation-covid-19-vaccines/?.tsrc=rss
Three companies recently announced progression in their clinical research for next-generation Covid-19 vaccines: INOVIO, Ocugen, and Pfizer.
As the Covid-19 pandemic ended almost two years ago, companies continue to research vaccines with new ideas and concepts. This is because Covid-19 cases continue, and as the actual virus evolves, treatment and prevention must also do the same. Three companies recently announced progression in their clinical research for next-generation Covid-19 vaccines: INOVIO, Ocugen, and Pfizer.
INOVIO Pharmaceuticals, a biotechnology company that focuses on developing DNA immunotherapies and vaccines for the treatment and prevention of various cancers and infectious diseases, announced on March 13 that the company received promising results from its ongoing Phase I trial evaluating DMAbs. Results showed that 100% of subjects (24 out of 24) maintained relevant levels of DMAbs, with no subjects developing anti-drug antibodies and no serious adverse events. The most common side effects seen were injection-site reaction, as well as pain and erythema. The Phase I trial uses synthetic DNA technology to enable in vivo production of monoclonal antibodies directly from muscle cells.
The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
Secondly, Ocugen with Washington University in St Louis looks to start a Phase I clinical trial in the US with its nasal vaccine, OCU500. The vaccine received FDA investigational new drug application approval in 2022. The trial, which will be sponsored by The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), part of the National Institutes of Health, will look to enrol 80 adult subjects between the ages of 18 and 64 years with four different subgroups: low-dose, high-dose, inhalation group, and intranasal group. The trial is anticipated to start sometime in Q2 2025.
A new survey from GlobalData aims to gain insights into deploying new technology in clinical research.
Pfizer initiated a Phase II trial in early March 2025 for its next-generation antiviral drug candidate, ibuzatrelvir. The trial, ‘An Interventional Efficacy and Safety, Phase III, Double-Blind, 2-Arm Study to Investigate Orally Administered Ibuzatrelvir Compared with Placebo in Non-Hospitalized Symptomatic Adult and Adolescent Participants with Covid-19 Who Are at High Risk of Progressing to Severe Illness’, will look to enrol 2,330 patients.
The World Health Organization has called obesity “one of today’s most blatantly visible – yet most neglected – public health problems”, describing the situation as “an escalating global epidemic of overweight and obesity”. Epidemiology data from GlobalData supports the growing…

The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.

Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address.
View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.
Hard data and deep insights on clinical trials strategy & operations
Powered by
© Verdict Media Limited 2025
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

