Title: Pfizer Stock Falls to New 52-Week Low_ Should You Buy the Dip_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 13-44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-stock-falls-52-week-134400344.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Pfizer’s PFE stock hit a new 52-week low of $20.92 on Wednesday but recovered thereafter and closed at $22.49
Though the stock has seen ups and downs in the past year, the latest price decline is largely due to the global uncertainty caused by the tariff war. With the Trump administration imposing sweeping tariffs, fears of a global recession resulted in a stock market rout worldwide. Though pharmaceuticals have been exempted from tariffs this time around, they could well be Trump’s target in the next round, considering the President’s goal to shift pharmaceutical production back to the United States, mostly from European and Asian countries.
Early on Wednesday, Trump said that a “major” tariff on pharmaceutical imports would be announced soon, which hurt Pfizer, Merck, AbbVie ABBV, Eli Lilly LLY and many other drug stocks in the early hours of trading. However, the stocks recovered significantly and closed higher after Trump tweeted about a 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs for all countries but China.
Moreover, stocks of vaccine makers like Pfizer, BioNTech BNTX, Moderna and Novavax have been under pressure since the appointment of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a well-known vaccine skeptic, as the secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS).
Let’s understand the company’s strengths and weaknesses to better analyze how to play PFE’s stock in the backdrop of global uncertainty.
With the end of the pandemic, sales of Pfizer’s COVID products, Comirnaty and Paxlovid, which it developed in partnership with BioNTech, came down to around $11 billion in 2024 from $56.7 billion in 2022. In 2025, Pfizer’s revenues from Paxlovid and Comirnaty are expected to be similar to 2024, excluding the $1.2 billion in one-time benefits from Paxlovid. COVID revenues may decline further in future years, depending on infection rates.
Though COVID revenues are declining, Pfizer’s non-COVID operational revenues improved in 2024, driven by its key in-line products like Vyndaqel, Padcev and Eliquis, new launches and newly acquired products from Seagen (December 2023). Revenues from Pfizer’s non-COVID products rose 12% operationally in 2024, exceeding the guidance range of 9-11%. Continued growth of Pfizer’s diversified portfolio of drugs, particularly oncology, should support top-line growth in 2025.
Pfizer is one of the largest and most successful drugmakers in oncology. The addition of Seagen strengthened its position in oncology. Seagen generated sales of $3.4 billion in 2024, up 38% on a pro-forma basis.
Oncology sales comprise around 25% of its total revenues. Its oncology revenues grew 26% on an operational basis in 2024, driven by drugs like Xtandi, Lorbrena, the Braftovi-Mektovi combination and Padcev. Pfizer has ventured into the oncology biosimilars space and markets six biosimilars for cancer. Pfizer also advanced its oncology clinical pipeline in 2024, with several candidates entering late-stage development. By 2030, it expects to have eight or more blockbuster oncology medicines in its portfolio.
Pfizer’s stock has declined 13.8% so far this year compared with a decrease of 7.6% for the industry.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
From a valuation standpoint, Pfizer appears attractive relative to the industry and is trading below its 5-year mean. Going by the price/earnings ratio, the company’s shares currently trade at 7.55 forward earnings, lower than 14.37 for the industry and the stock’s 5-year mean of 11.05. The stock is also much cheaper than other large drugmakers like AbbVie, Novo Nordisk and Lilly.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2025 earnings has risen from $2.95 per share to $2.98 per share, while that for 2026 has decreased from $3.03 to $2.99 per share over the past 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
After witnessing possibly its worst slowdown in 2023/2024, the company seems to be gradually making a comeback and entering a transition phase. The last year was a strong one in terms of performance and execution by Pfizer, even though its stock took a hit in 2023 due to a decline in revenues and profits. It saw improved performance of its new products, gained and maintained market share of some of its core brands and made rapid pipeline progress in 2024.
Pfizer faces its share of challenges, the key being declining sales of its COVID-19 products. Pfizer also expects a significant impact from the loss of patent exclusivity in the 2026-2030 period, as several of its key products, including Eliquis, Vyndaqel, Ibrance, Xeljanz and Xtandi will face patent expirations. The Medicare Part D redesign under the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) is also expected to hurt sales of Pfizer’s higher-priced drugs like Vyndaqel, Ibrance and Xeljanz in 2025.
However, with COVID-related uncertainties diminishing, its revenue volatility is declining. Its non-COVID drugs and contribution from new and newly acquired products should continue to drive top-line growth in 2025. Also, Pfizer expects cost cuts and internal restructuring to deliver savings of at least $6.0 billion. Continued growth in non-COVID sales and significant cost-reduction measures should drive profit growth.
Pfizer returned $9.5 billion directly to shareholders through dividends in 2024. At its current share price, its dividend yield stands at around 7.6%, which is impressive and way ahead of the industry average, as seen in the chart below.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Pfizer has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
With the stock hitting new lows, investors may consider buying it at the present cheap valuation for long-term gains. It will be a great pick for value investors, considering its cheap valuation, as well as for income investors due to its sky-high dividend yield.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
BioNTech SE Sponsored ADR (BNTX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Shares of memory chip manufacturer Micron Technology (NASDAQ: MU) have been hit hard over the past month, and the announcement of tariffs last week by the Trump administration added fuel to the fire.  Micron stock has dropped more than 35% from its one-month high, and it's down nearly 60% from its 52-week high.  Or is Micron stock poised to drop further as economic uncertainty ramps up?
Dan Ives is the global head of technology research at Wedbush Securities, and he is consistently one of the most bullish voices on Wall Street when it comes to America's most innovative companies.  Although Ives has previously said Tesla's full self-driving (FSD) platform could be a $1 trillion opportunity for the company, he's worried about the potential damage CEO Elon Musk might have inflicted on the brand due to his ongoing role in politics.  It might be showing up in Tesla's numbers, because the company's electric vehicle (EV) sales plummeted in the first quarter of 2025.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds. Geothermal stocks are companies that use heat from the earth to generate […]
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is the new Health Secretary. From fluoride, vaccines and beef tallow, here's how he might "go wild" on biotech stocks.
Finding stocks expected to beat quarterly earnings estimates becomes an easier task with our Zacks Earnings ESP.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
