Title: Medicare Advantage’s diagnosing tactics made insurers like UnitedHealthGroup $33 billion richer
Date: 2025-04-07 21:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/medicare-advantage-diagnosing-tactics-made-210500604.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Ever since the high-profile murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson last year, health insurers have faced heavy scrutiny and heightened resentment from the public. Now a new study might fan those flames. That’s because it found that differential coding patterns between Medicare Advantage (MA) and Traditional Medicare (TM) plans led to MA plans receiving an estimated $33 billion in extra revenue—with $13.9 billion, or 42% of the total, going into the coffers of UnitedHealth Group. Those findings, from the year 2021, add specific context to past research that found evidence of Medicare Advantage plans having a higher diagnostic “coding intensity” than traditional Medicare, meaning they record more health condition diagnoses than traditional Medicare for comparable beneficiaries. Because of that, Congress’s Medicare Payment Advisory Commission had estimated, Medicare spends 13% more for MA enrollees than it would if they were enrolled in traditional Medicare—with that difference accounting for $50 billion in MA overpayments in 2024. Medicare Advantage plans, according to the new findings, are paid more for sicker members and less for healthier members, which provides an incentive for MA plans to report as many diagnoses as legitimately possible. But no research until now, say the authors, has estimated the amount of extra revenue each insurer receives. "The most important takeaway is that some Medicare Advantage insurers code much more aggressively than other insurers, and receive many billions of dollars in additional payment as a result," the study author, Richard Kronick, professor of family medicine at the Herbert Wertheim School of Public Health, University of California San Diego. "As a result, much of what determines which insurers are successful in Medicare Advantage is not whether the insurer is providing high quality care and doing so efficiently, but simply how aggressive it is in coding." He points to the additional $13.9 billion raised by UnitedHealth Group, which breaks down to $1,863 per beneficiary, compared to $0.5 billion, or $278 per beneficiary, for Kaiser. A spokesperson for the UnitedHealth Group tells Fortune, "This study is similar to others, relying on inaccurate assumptions and incomplete beneficiary information while ignoring the fact that Medicare Advantage serves an increasingly diverse, lower-income and clinically complex population." UnitedHealth also referred our publication to the nonprofit Better Medicare Alliance, which counts Wyatt Decker, a UnitedHealth Group chief physician, as a board member. “This is a flawed apples-to-oranges analysis," Kaitlyn Saal-Ridpath, Vice President of Policy and Research at Better Medicare Alliance, tells Fortune. "It overlooks known under-coding in Fee-For-Service Medicare and does not adjust for clinical or demographic differences between Medicare Advantage and Fee-for-Service Medicare beneficiaries, an essential step for fair comparison. Meanwhile, the underlying data is outdated and does not reflect recent risk-adjustment changes. We welcome serious analyses to help drive policy conversations around Medicare Advantage, but this study misses the mark.” But, Kronick says, "No analysis is perfect, but we have done a careful job of measuring the differences in coding patterns between Medicare Advantage and Traditional Medicare, and, even more importantly, the very large differences between insurers in coding patterns… We have, I think, conclusively shown that some insurers code much more aggressively than others, and receive many billions of dollars in additional revenue as a result." More than half (54%) of eligible Medicare beneficiaries were enrolled in Medicare Advantage in 2024, according to KFF, accounting for $462 billion of total federal Medicare spending. Further, the enrollment in MA is highly concentrated among a handful of firms, with UnitedHealthcare and Humana accounting for nearly half (47%) of all MA enrollees nationwide. Lately, there has been a shift towards MA. While usually, after age 65, you have two Medicare options—traditional Medicare (Parts A, B, and D, and often a Medigap plan) or a private health insurer’s Medicare Advantage plan, also called Part C, people with retiree health benefits from their former employers are often not given a choice. Instead, they are being told they must enroll in a Medicare Advantage plan, with its limited network of doctors and hospitals, or lose their retiree health benefits altogether. At the same time, recent research shows that MA enrollees are distinctly healthier—likely because people who need more health care are less willing to accept the restrictions (such as prior authorization and limited networks) that MA plans impose. For the study, the researchers analyzed risk scores—numbers which represent the predicted cost of treating a specific patient or group of patients compared to the average Medicare patient, based on certain health conditions. They also analyzed the effects of “persistence” and “new incidence” on risk scores over 24 months, with persistence defined as the percentage of members coded with a diagnosis in year one that persisted in year two, and new incidence referring to the percentage of members with a new diagnosis in year two. What they found was that the average MA risk score (1.26) was 18.5% higher than the average TM risk score (1.07).  Persistence and new incidence rates varied across insurers, the researchers found, with UnitedHealth Group’s average 2021 risk score .28 higher—substantially larger than the MA industry average of .19—than it would have been if persistence and new incidence had been at TM levels. The findings spell trouble, says Dr. J. Michael McWilliams of the Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women's Hospital, who responded to the study in an accompanying editorial, also published Monday in the Annals of Internal Medicine. “The manipulability of the risk adjustment system in Medicare Advantage (MA) is a massive problem,” he writes. “It is well documented that the system’s reliance on diagnosis codes that insurers can influence for gain is responsible for tens of billions of dollars in payments to MA plans above what would be spent in traditional Medicare (TM), adding to Medicare’s fiscal challenges,” he continues. “But the problem runs deeper, as the incentives to code diagnoses more intensely also distort competition and resource allocation within MA.” Among the many issues the researchers have uncovered, McWilliams continues, is that, because the better-coding insurers tend to be larger, “local markets could become even more highly concentrated, further limiting the pressure insurers feel to share their subsidies and savings with enrollees as better coverage.” But fixing the problem, he notes, would have a catch. “The catch is that the resulting payment cuts would mean higher premiums or less generous benefits for enrollees,” McWilliams writes. Because while Medicare Advantage insurers keep a substantial portion of their subsidies and savings as profits, they do pass along a sizable share to enrollees. “As subsidies have grown more generous, MA has served as a backdoor financing mechanism to address coverage gaps that have long limited the value of TM (for example, its lack of an out-of-pocket maximum),” he explains, adding that enrollees in MA benefit from substantially lower out-of-pocket costs. So as payment subsidies are reversed by risk adjustment reform and other proposed measures, he points out, “the lost benefits for enrollees could be significant. To the extent it is socially desirable to provide seniors with better coverage than the traditional benefit, policymakers must grapple with this tradeoff.” More on Medicare: Traditional Medicare or Medicare Advantage? Some retirees aren’t allowed to choose If you’re not happy with your Medicare Advantage plan, experts offer these tips to find better benefits Original Medicare doesn’t cover most dental work, but there are 4 other ways to get coverage This story was originally featured on Fortune.com Shares of major health insurers jumped Tuesday after the federal government announced a better-than-expected 2026 payment increase for Medicare Advantage plans.  The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said Monday after markets closed that final rates are expected to increase more than 5% in 2026.  BTIG analyst David Larsen said separately that the final increase more than doubled what was initially proposed in January. Repligen (RGEN) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road. The treatment of subjects is expected to commence in the second half of this year. Garrett Motion (GTX) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road. I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Do you ever wonder how long you should hang onto your tax paperwork? This form of recordkeeping may lead taxpayers to ask how long they need to keep and store documentation or if they are meant to... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
