Title: Stocks to Watch Tuesday: UnitedHealth, Marvell, CVS, Humana
Date: 2025-04-08 15:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/692c3d51-daaa-36ee-95f8-e489135278e8/stocks-to-watch-tuesday%3A.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. ↗️ Nvidia (NVDA), Intel (INTC): Chip stocks rallied midday Tuesday, with Broadcom (AVGO) getting a particular boost after it authorized a $10 billion share repurchase program. TSMC (TSM)'s American depositary receipts gained, though the stock fell in Taiwan. Looking beyond Wall Street's top -and-bottom-line estimate forecasts for BlackRock (BLK), delve into some of its key metrics to gain a deeper insight into the company's potential performance for the quarter ended March 2025. ClearBridge Investments, an investment management company, released its “ClearBridge Dividend Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The ClearBridge Dividend Strategy proved resilient and delivered positive returns despite a 4.3% decline in the benchmark S&P 500 Index. Despite increased caution over the economy and markets, the firm […] Levi Strauss & Co. CEO Michelle Gass said if the company raises prices due to President Donald Trump's tariffs, the increases would be "very surgical." Susquehanna analyst Mehdi Hosseini notes that Taiwan Semiconductor may be more resilient than expected to President Donald Trump’s tariffs. Levi Strauss Chief Executive Michelle Gass said the jeans maker will be “surgical” with any price hikes, rather than make across-the-board changes in response to tariffs.  The company has created a task force to look at tariff-mitigation strategies, including cost cutting, wringing concessions from suppliers and consumer price increases.  "We believe the brand has pricing power," Gass said. Applied Materials (AMAT) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock suggests that there could be more strength down the road. We recently published a list of 11 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) stands against other best American energy stocks to buy now. On Friday, April 4, oil futures reached multiyear lows following China’s response to the tariffs imposed […] LEVI posts earnings beat in first-quarter fiscal 2025. DTC revenues increase 9% on a reported basis. Truist Financial (TFC) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report. Shares of health insurance operators surged Tuesday after the government said it would pay a higher rate to Medicare insurers than previously estimated. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
