Title: Desiring Durable Passive Income During an Economic Downturn? These Elite Dividend Stocks Have Hiked Their Payouts In Each of the Last 4 Recessions.
Date: 2025-04-15 11:09
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/15/desiring-durable-passive-income-during-an-economic/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=9e6099a7-f35f-4994-b308-2fbdcab2177a&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Economic forecasters are raising the odds that we could experience a recession in the coming quarters. Goldman Sachs has hiked its recession probability a few times in recent weeks, bumping it from 20% all the way to 45%. Meanwhile, JPMorgan is even more bearish. Its recession model sees a nearly 80% chance the economy goes into a recession, up from 60% not long ago. 
Recessions tend to cause corporate profits to decline, which drives many companies to cut costs through layoffs and other initiatives. Some companies will even cut or suspend their dividend payments to shareholders to conserve cash. 
However, other companies are more recession-resistant due to the durability of their cash flows and the strength of their balance sheets. ExxonMobil (XOM 1.20%) and Coca-Cola (KO -0.15%) have proven their ability to weather recessions over the decades. They've both increased their dividends throughout at least the past four recessions. There's a good chance they can withstand the next one with similar ease. 

XOM Dividend data by YCharts. Gray bars are recessions.
ExxonMobil hiked its dividend payment by 4% earlier this year, extending its streak to 42 years of annual payment increases. "We're proud of the fact that we've increased our annual dividend per share for 42 years in a row, something only 4% of S&P 500 companies can claim," stated CFO Kathy Mikells during the oil giant's fourth-quarter earnings conference call. She continued, "And we plan for that track record to continue for decades to come, which is only possible by investing in the high-quality growth opportunities that drive leading returns and higher cash flows." 
The energy company has been investing heavily in transforming its business to dramatically improve its underlying earnings power while also expanding into lower-carbon energy. This strategy has boosted its earnings capacity by nearly $14 billion over the past five years on a constant price and margin basis. Exxon plans to invest over $140 billion into major capital projects and its Permian Basin development program through 2030, which, along with structural cost savings, should add another $20 billion to its annual earnings capacity. 
That incremental income will give Exxon even more fuel to grow its dividend, which is already on an incredibly safe foundation. Last year, Exxon produced $34.4 billion in free cash flow, easily covering its $16.7 billion dividend outlay. Meanwhile, it has a fortress balance sheet with an ultra-low 6% leverage ratio and a massive $23.2 billion cash balance. These factors put the oil giant's 3.8%-yielding dividend on a rock-solid foundation that should continue withstanding recessions. 


Coca-Cola boosted its dividend payment by 5.2% earlier this year. That extended its dividend growth streak to 63 straight years. That raise kept Coca-Cola in the ultra-elite group of Dividend Kings, companies with 50 or more years of annual dividend increases. 
The company has benefited from the durable and growing demand for its beverage brands. Its portfolio features multiple billion-dollar brands that generate lots of free cash flow for the company. Coca-Cola expects to produce $9.5 billion in free cash flow this year, more than enough to cover its dividend outlay ($8.4 billion last year). The company also has a strong cash-rich balance sheet ($12.9 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments) with leverage at the low end of its target range. 
Coca-Cola's long-term target is to organically grow its revenue by 4%-6% annually, which should drive mid-to-high single-digit earnings-per-share growth. Meanwhile, the company can enhance its growth rate by making accretive acquisitions. That puts it in a strong position to continue increasing its 2.9%-yielding dividend. 
Exxon and Coca-Cola have increased their dividends every year for several decades, which includes the last four recessions. They're in excellent positions to continue raising their payout during the next downturn, whether that happens later this year or further in the future. Because of that, they're great dividend stocks to buy for a durable passive income stream. 

 

Before you buy stock in ExxonMobil, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and ExxonMobil wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 156% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025


JPMorgan Chase is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Matt DiLallo has positions in Coca-Cola and JPMorgan Chase. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Goldman Sachs Group and JPMorgan Chase. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Join Stock Advisor Now to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 662.32%!** Don't Miss Out!
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.