Title: 1 Dow Jones Stock to Target This Week and 2 to Keep Off Your Radar
Date: 2025-04-08 14:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-dow-jones-stock-target-142550851.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season While the Dow Jones represents industry leaders, not every stock in the index is a safe bet. Some are facing headwinds like declining demand, rising costs, or disruptive new competitors. Finding the best companies in the Dow Jones isn’t always straightforward, and that’s why we started StockStory. That said, here is one Dow Jones stock positioned for long-term growth and two that may face some trouble. Market Cap: $121.6 billion Originally founded in 1906 as a thermostat company, Honeywell (NASDAQ:HON) is a multinational conglomerate known for its aerospace systems, building technologies, performance materials, and safety and productivity solutions. Why Does HON Give Us Pause? Core business is underperforming as its organic revenue has disappointed over the past two years, suggesting it might need acquisitions to stimulate growth Earnings growth over the last five years fell short of the peer group average as its EPS only increased by 3.9% annually Free cash flow margin shrank by 3.4 percentage points over the last five years, suggesting the company is consuming more capital to stay competitive Honeywell’s stock price of $190.05 implies a valuation ratio of 17.3x forward price-to-earnings. Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including HON in your portfolio, it’s free. Market Cap: $80.73 billion Widely known for its success in the paint industry, Sherwin-Williams (NYSE:SHW) is a manufacturer of paints, coatings, and related products. Why Are We Hesitant About SHW? Organic revenue growth fell short of our benchmarks over the past two years and implies it may need to improve its products, pricing, or go-to-market strategy Projected sales growth of 2.6% for the next 12 months suggests sluggish demand 8.4 percentage point decline in its free cash flow margin over the last five years reflects the company’s increased investments to defend its market position At $325.43 per share, Sherwin-Williams trades at 25.7x forward price-to-earnings. Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why SHW doesn’t pass our bar. Market Cap: $214.4 billion With nicknames spanning Mickey D's in the U.S. to Makku in Japan, McDonald’s (NYSE:MCD) is a fast-food behemoth known for its convenience and broken ice cream machines. Why Is MCD Interesting? Same-store sales growth averaged 4.5% over the past two years, showing it’s bringing new and repeat diners into its restaurants Asset-lite franchise model is reflected in its superior unit economics and a best-in-class gross margin of 56.9% MCD is a free cash flow machine with the flexibility to invest in growth initiatives or return capital to shareholders McDonald's is trading at $305.90 per share, or 24.1x forward price-to-earnings. Is now the time to initiate a position? See for yourself in our comprehensive research report, it’s free. Market indices reached historic highs following Donald Trump’s presidential victory in November 2024, but the outlook for 2025 is clouded by new trade policies that could impact business confidence and growth. While this has caused many investors to adopt a "fearful" wait-and-see approach, we’re leaning into our best ideas that can grow regardless of the political or macroeconomic climate. Take advantage of Mr. Market by checking out our Top 5 Strong Momentum Stocks for this week. This is a curated list of our High Quality stocks that have generated a market-beating return of 175% over the last five years. Stocks that made our list in 2019 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+2,183% between December 2019 and December 2024) as well as under-the-radar businesses like United Rentals (+322% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free. Trade policy and industrial policy must work together for reindustrialization. The post Trade policy changes alone won’t bring manufacturing back appeared first on FreightWaves. UBS lowered the firm’s price target on Sherwin-Williams (SHW) to $400 from $430 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. The firm sees another challenging earnings cycle, with “largely ok” downstream earnings, while upstream/commodity earnings will be impacted by higher costs and likely weaker end of quarter demand, the analyst tells investors in a research note. UBS sees earnings misses to drive stocks down vs. provide relief. Published first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-m Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC) is increasingly behaving like a high-volatility, liquid version of gold, according to Bernstein analysts. What Happened: In a note to clients on Tuesday, the analysts wrote that despite falling roughly 26% amid ongoing tariff ... UBS analyst Steven Fisher downgraded the stock to Sell from Hold. He slashed his price target by 37% to $243 a share from $385. The company’s point-of-sale devices are manufactured overseas, and therefore subject to across-the-board import taxes. Ever since President Donald Trump announced his tariff plan, there's been no shortage of stocks that are trading for a big discount to their previous highs.  Although it's entirely possible for the stock market to remain volatile for a while, it looks like an excellent time to add shares of industry-leading companies like Walt Disney (NYSE: DIS) and Starbucks (NASDAQ: SBUX), and that's exactly what I did recently.  Walt Disney struggled in the post-pandemic years to bring its streaming business to profitability and also may have priced its theme parks and related add-ons a bit too aggressively, without investing nearly enough in improving the customer experience. Interest paid on a home equity loan may be tax deductible if you use the funds for specific purposes. Find out whether you qualify for this deduction. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club. Your mid-fifties is a good time to do a retirement check. To be clear, you should always have at least one eye on retirement. This isn't something to ever forget entirely. But most of the time, that means nothing more than making sure your annual contributions go through in-full, on-time and to the right places, […] The post What’s a Realistic Retirement Budget? I’m 55 With $490k Saved, Making $80,000 Annually. appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
