Title: Jim Cramer on Caterpillar Inc. (CAT): ‘Critics Proven Wrong as Growth Prospects Brighten’
Date: 2025-05-07 17:09
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-caterpillar-inc-cat-170941260.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published a list ofJim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks.In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the impacts that tariffs have had on businesses. He shared that firms are scrambling to diversify their supply chains from China as higher costs affect business margins. Using the example of the firm known for making Monopoly and Nerf, Cramer commented: “Well I mean look everybody’s scrambling, I know that. . .[toy company’s] scrambling everywhere to be able to make it so that a nine dollar toy doesn’t cost 19. And I think that our companies are, often, not given the credit that they deserve to be able to get things to move around, pull their weight, do things overseas, David, it’s not like they’re the only ones, China, that can make this stuff. Cause the stuff is not like, it’s not like making a Grace Blackwell GB200 NVIDIA chip.” One material that’s caught Cramer’s attention is ethane. He believes that ethane’s role in the plastics supply chain and the fact that China can’t make it can enable the material to play a key role in President Trump’s trade talks. Cramer commented: “We have to focus on this ethylene, because it’s the one thing that they’re panicked on in China. They’re not panicked on copper, they’re panicked that they’re not getting ethane, which makes ethylene, which makes plastic. Because boy do they ever make make plastic.” In fact, Cramer went as far as to ‘advise’ the President and his team to leverage US ethane production against China: “But the building block of all that stuff is Louisiana, ethane. If the President and Navarros and these trade guys were to say, you know what guys, we saw that you wouldn’t tariff ethane, cause you need it so bad, we’re done, we’re gonna ship it to Korea. Then see what happens. That’s what they should do. That’s like, free advice there.” As for the car industry, Cramer believes that Trump’s advisor Peter Navarro won’t be satisfied even if some car companies build their assembly plans in America. “Peter Navarro would say over and over, we need the engines made we don’t want the assembly,” he believes. To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on May 1st. For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A construction crew operating a hydraulic shovel during a nighttime project. Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 62 Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) is an industrial equipment company that sells construction and mining equipment. Its business exposes the firm to broader economic performance. As a result, Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT)’s shares have dipped by 10% year-to-date as the firm has struggled with weak sales. Cramer’s previous remarks have linked the firm’s performance to the Biden administration’s infrastructure spending package. Here are his latest comments: “I was going to do Caterpillar, Hold to Buy. That was a good piece. Baird had fought it every step of the way, the reason I didn’t do it is I didn’t want to make fun of the guy for being completely wrong.” Overall, CATranks 10thon our list of stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of CAT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CAT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. We have published an article titled Billionaire Richard Chilton’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Canadian Pacific Kansas City Limited (NYSE:CP) stands against Richard Chilton’s other stock picks. Richard Chilton is a veteran investor and the founder of Chilton Investment Company, a long-standing […] If you're worried about how Trump's tariffs might affect your finances, you're not alone. Act now to protect your money against future price increases. The company slashed its 2025 earnings forecast due to the ongoing financial fallout from the US-China tariffs. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […] Alex Mashinsky, the founder and former chief executive of bankruptcy cryptocurrency lender Celsius Network, was sentenced on Thursday to 12 years in prison after pleading guilty in December to securities fraud and commodities fraud.  Mashinsky's sentence was imposed by U.S. District Judge John Koeltl in Manhattan, and is among the longest in a criminal case arising from the 2022 meltdown in cryptocurrency markets. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.