Title: Nvidia, defensive consumer plays, Logitech: Trending Tickers
Date: 2025-04-11 15:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nvidia-defensive-consumer-plays-logitech-150202189.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Madison Millsand Yahoo Finance Executive EditorBrian Sozzioutline what's driving interest in some of the trending tickers on Yahoo Finance's platform.
Citi analysts cut their Nvidia (NVDA) price target to $150 per share, citing reduced chip sales in 2025 and 2026 due to the trade war.
Jefferies analysts outline their top defensive retail and consumer-facing picks, including Uber (UBER), Exxon (XOM), McDonald's (MCD), and Netflix (NFLX).
Logitech (LOGI) withdraws its full-year 2026 guidance, citing tariff uncertainty.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalystshere.
It's now time for some of today's trending tickers. We're watching concerns for Nvidia GPU sales, some defensive plays and Logitech withdrawing its 2026 outlook. Let's get into it. First up, shares of Nvidia ticking higher about an hour into your trading day, up a little over 3/10 of a percent right now. City analyst cutting their Nvidia price target to $150, maintaining a buy rating. City also revising their estimates for GPU sales down by 3% for 2025 and 2026. Analysts saying the trade war could put enterprise AI projects and hyperscalar CAPEX at risk. Joining me to discuss for a moment, Brian Sozzi is still here with us. And Brian, I think what's interesting at least when I talked to my sources of the likes of Amazon, for example, they have said there has been no downturn in demand for AI, for chips. And it's interesting to hear this call coming out for, uh, Nvidia on the back of that.
Why this call sticks with me, Madison, is because it is really the first estimate cuts or downgrade I have seen on Nvidia really, at all, even since its last earnings report, because the company was heavily, heavily defended after its earnings report. So, uh, it's an immediate flag for me. Has me thinking is demand starting to slow down in video. Uh, also, keep in mind, go to the ticker page on Yahoo Finance for Nvidia, click on analysis, you can see the street remains very, very bullish. So if this is the first sign to come, you theoretically could see, uh, a leg down, another leg down in Nvidia as the street cuts estimates and potentially cuts its rating. So, uh, I give this analyst a credit. Uh, he's the first, but he may not be the last.
He certainly may not. But let's talk about some other calls this morning. Jefferies out this morning with some of their top plays for tariff uncertainty with what they say is a balance of risk and safety for the unsteady market. The note includes a range of consumer-facing names ranging from Uber to Exxon and McDonald's. And Sozzi, I know you had an interesting response to some of these calls.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't really agree with most of them. Uh, yeah, there we go. Uh, I don't agree that Uber is a recession-resistant play. I just don't see it. Now, they are bullish on Netflix. I get it. I don't think the economy is going to come to a point where we're cutting our Netflix subscriptions. One I do agree with, I agree with McDonald's as consumers trade down. Uh, McDonald's historically during recessions does pretty well financially, uh, and I believe stock price too, uh, as well. But again, I think this note, I appreciate what Jefferies is trying to do here. Uh, I look at Exxon. I mean, oil prices have plunged. Not sure how Exxon is going to do amazing things come earning season with oil prices off the highs. So, uh, I'm poking a couple, couple pins in this one.
Yeah. Price of oil per barrel right now doesn't even cover the cost of production. So an interesting call as the.
That's a stocks in translation right there. Buddy, I mean.
There you go. We'll pitch it for next week. We'll see. We'll see. All right, finally, Logitech withdrawing its fiscal year 2026 outlook due to uncertainty. That's a sentence you're going to be hearing a lot from us this quarter. Logitech reaffirming its outlook for fiscal year 2025, which did end on March 31st. The company, which produces computer accessories and software, just the latest to withdraw its forward guidance following Delta Airlines and also Walmart. Sozzi, two, we're going to keep playing.
You want to go old? I remember Madison, I remember the first camera that I had was like this circular ball from Logitech. It went on like my compact Presario. I mean, this thing was awesome. But why this bothers me from Logitech is because 40% of their production comes from one plant out in China. They have exposure to Vietnam, but I think this is the first sign of weakness in the computer, uh, not only the component parts, but also computer makers. It's an HP, uh, it's a Dell. Uh, so, uh, there's more than me. This is not just a Logitech thing. All these companies rely on China, Vietnam, Malaysia for parts. So if Logitech is warning, best believe you could see pressure on these other companies.
And also, for our audience, you can scan the QR code here to track the best and worst performing stocks of the session with Yahoo Finances trending tickers page.
Uber (UBER) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Toyota Motor Corporation (NYSE:TM) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May. While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment manager, […]
Uber Technologies (UBER) reachead $73.10 at the closing of the latest trading day, reflecting a +1.13% change compared to its last close.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.