Title: FTC takes step toward reversing Chevron, Exxon board restrictions
Date: 2025-04-11 18:38
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/ftc-seeks-public-ex-pioneer-183820519.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The U.S. Federal Trade Commission took a step toward potentially reversing bans on certain oil executives joining the boards of Chevron and Exxon Mobil that the Biden administration made a condition that allowed them to acquire two other oil producers.
Exxon, which acquired Pioneer Natural Resources last year, had agreed to bar former Pioneer CEO Scott Sheffield from its board. Chevron, which agreed to buy Hess in 2023, consented to a similar order keeping that company's CEO, John Hess, off its board.
The FTC said on Friday that it was seeking public comment on petitions filed by Sheffield, Chevron and Hess Corp seeking to reverse the bans.
“Mr. Hess is a highly respected industry leader, and our board would benefit from his global experience, relationships and expertise," a Chevron spokesperson said in a statement.
Both deals got the greenlight from the FTC, then led by Chair Lina Khan, on the condition that Hess and Sheffield be barred from the respective boards over concerns they would coordinate with members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Both John Hess and Sheffield denied the allegations. A spokesperson for Hess Corp said the concerns raised by the FTC were "entirely without merit."
FTC Chairman Andrew Ferguson, then a commissioner, and fellow Republican Commissioner Melissa Holyoak voted against the agreements, saying they overstepped the agency's authority.
Exxon, the No. 1 U.S. oil company, bought Pioneer in a deal worth $59.5 billion last year. Chevron's acquisition of Hess for $53 billion is pending ongoing arbitration proceedings related to potential preemptive rights over Hess's stake in the oil-rich Stabroek block in Guyana.
(Reporting by Doina Chiacu and Ismail Shakil in Washington, Jody Godoy in New York and Sheila Dang in Houston; Editing by Mark Porter and Marguerita Choy)
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Monday suggested that he might temporarily exempt the auto industry from tariffs he previously imposed on the sector, to give carmakers time to adjust their supply chains.
The deal would help expand Lowe's offering for its professional customers at a time when the company and its rival Home Depot are facing slower demand for home remodels and construction activity.  Last year, Home Depot acquired building materials supplier SRS Distribution in an $18.25 billion deal to broaden its professional customer base.  Dallas, Texas-based Artisan Design sells and provides installation services, including flooring, cabinets and countertops, to homebuilders and property managers.
OTTAWA — Conservative Leader Pierre Poilievre is promising that a government led by him would use the notwithstanding clause to override Charter rights to implement his tough-on-crime agenda — something no prime minister has ever done.
Use the annual growth in your TFSA contribution room to boost your passive income and enjoy the returns tax-free by holding these two TSX stocks in your portfolio. The post How I’d Allocate My $7,000 TFSA Contribution for Optimal Returns appeared first on The Motley Fool Canada.
Proposal promises to fast-track energy projects, invest in critical minerals and protect energy security
NEW YORK (AP) — The latest government waste touted by billionaire Elon Musk's cost-cutting Department of Government Efficiency is hundreds of millions of dollars in fraudulent unemployment claims it purportedly uncovered.
FREDERICTON — New Brunswick Premier Susan Holt announced on Monday a comprehensive review of the province’s debt-laden electric utility.
SANTIAGO (Reuters) -Chile, Canada and Peru - three of the largest copper suppliers to the United States - have told President Donald Trump's administration that imports of the metal from their countries do not threaten U.S. security interests and should not face potential tariffs.  The comments by the three countries come during an escalating tariff war between the United States and nearly every trading partner on which it relies.  Copper is used in construction, transportation, electronics and many other industries.
Pension plan was called a 'lifeline under threat' by the Canadian Association of Retired Persons
TOKYO/OTTAWA (Reuters) -Honda said it has no plans to move car production from Canada and Mexico to the U.S., responding to a report that it might move operations in an effort to avoid potentially devastating tariffs.  "No changes are being considered at this time," Honda Canada said in an emailed statement.  "Honda has not made any production decisions that affect operations in Mexico, nor are any currently being considered," Honda Mexico said in an emailed statement.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.