Title: UnitedHealth asks healthcare providers for hack loan repayments
Date: 2025-04-11 20:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unitedhealth-asks-healthcare-providers-hack-203010975.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Amina Niasse and Bhanvi Satija
(Reuters) -UnitedHealth Group is demanding that healthcare providers repay the loans they received from the company after a cyberattack at its tech unit Change Healthcare last year, according to two providers on Friday.
The largest U.S. health insurance company loaned out $9 billion to providers who had been struggling after the massive ransomware attack in February last year shut down payment and processing systems, some of which took months to resume.
Healthcare providers said they have received emails from UnitedHealth's Optum unit in recent months demanding full repayment and threatening to withhold reimbursement.
The Wall Street Journal first reported the news.
UnitedHealth's Change Healthcare unit said in a statement that it planned to "work with providers" on repayment options.
"Now, more than one year post the event and with services restored, we have begun the process of recouping the interest-free funding we provided to providers," a spokesperson for Change Healthcare said.
The initial agreement stipulated failure to repay could result in payments garnished, the two providers said, but they described the terms as having taken advantage of providers desperate after the hack.
Catherine Mazzola, CEO of New Jersey Pediatric Neuroscience Institute based in Morristown, New Jersey, said her practice had been docked reimbursement totaling $68,000 from February 19 through March 29.
The funds withheld were reimbursements from New Jersey Medicaid plans, Mazzola said. Her practice took out two loans of $35,000 and $500,000, she said.
"The amount payable on this statement has been used to repay amounts owed under your agreement," a statement sent to Mazzola and viewed by Reuters said.
Mazzola added that her practice had already paid $40,000 since the hack.
Another provider, Christine Myer, said she received a letter on April 1 asking for full payment of her loan within five business days. Her primary care practice had taken out a total of $756,000 after struggling to stay afloat following the hack, she said.
UnitedHealth previously released a notice saying $3.2 billion of loans given to providers had been repaid as of October 15.
The breach at Change was the largest healthcare data breach in the U.S., affecting the personal information of nearly 200 million people. It caused widespread disruptions in claims processing, impacting patients and providers across the country.
(Reporting by Bhanvi Satija in Bengaluru and Amina Niasse in New York; Editing by Mohammed Safi Shamsi, Caroline Humer and Marguerita Choy)
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.