Title: Chevron's Venezuelan oil cargoes canceled, stalled amid payment uncertainty
Date: 2025-04-11 15:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevrons-venezuelan-oil-cargoes-stalled-150350683.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
HOUSTON (Reuters) -At least two vessels carrying Venezuelan crude chartered by Chevron are stalled due to state oil company PDVSA canceling their export authorizations, according to shipping data and sources, as the government had no certainty of payment amid the hardening of U.S. sanctions on the OPEC-member country.
An individual license issued in 2022 by the United States for Chevron to operate in Venezuela was revoked in March by U.S. President Donald Trump's administration with a wind-down period granted until May 27. But PDVSA's orders are now cutting the deadline short.
The U.S. oil producer awaits customs paperwork to return the cargoes to ports after PDVSA on Thursday canceled set-sail authorizations to two of the Chevron-chartered vessels that had finished loading.
The Venezuelan company also suspended loading permits to four other Chevron tankers, which began to sail away empty on Friday, according to the sources and LSEG shipping data, adding uncertainty to the U.S. company's exports from Venezuela.
The Venezuelan government blamed the U.S. measures for the issue, saying they prevented Chevron from paying for the oil.
"Because of the economic war initiated by the U.S. government against oil companies, Chevron has returned cargoes of crude to PDVSA," Vice President Delcy Rodriguez posted on Telegram. "This crude is being sold on international markets.
As of Friday, the Chevron-chartered vessels Dubai Attraction and Carina Voyager remained loaded in Venezuelan waters waiting for paperwork for the cargoes' return, according to the sources and shipping data.
The cargoes had been declared as exports to Venezuela's customs authority, so Chevron must now obtain authorization for their return. PDVSA is requesting the cargoes be returned in coming days at ports including Amuay, the sources said.
Carina Voyager was bound for Chevron's Pascagoula refinery in Mississippi, while Dubai Attraction was scheduled to transfer its cargo to the Valero Energy-chartered tanker Cap Corpus Christi off Aruba, according to the data and sources.
The Cap Corpus Christi departed partially loaded on Friday to the United States as it could not complete its load via ship-to-ship, the LSEG data showed.
Four other Chevron vessels scheduled to load this month - the Pegasus Star, Ionic Anax, Calypso and Sea Jaguar - had their loading windows suspended. Two of them were sailing away from Venezuelan waters on Friday, according to the sources and data.
Chevron, PDVSA and Valero did not reply to requests for comment.
Venezuela's vice president did not say if the cargoes would be rescheduled by PDVSA.
Chevron, whose joint ventures with PDVSA produce about a quarter of the country's oil output, exported some 250,000 barrels per day of Venezuelan crude to the United States in the first quarter under its license, granted in 2022.
That license and others to European and Asian companies in Venezuela were canceled by the Trump administration last month as Washington accused President Nicolas Maduro of not doing enough to curb illegal migration to the U.S. and restore democracy in Venezuela.
Maduro's government has long rejected the U.S. sanctions on the country's oil industry, in effect since 2019.
(Reporting by Reuters staff, additional reporting by Arathy Somesakhar; Editing by Marguerita Choy, Will Dunham and Nia Williams)
CVX's Venezuelan oil shipments halted by PDVSA amid payment uncertainty due to U.S. sanctions derails its plans to export oil.
Initial data shows high-quality reservoirs and a potentially commercial volume of hydrocarbons, the company said.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.