Title: Ecopetrol (EC) Moves 10.0% Higher_ Will This Strength Last_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 12-43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ecopetrol-ec-moves-10-0-124300253.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Ecopetrol (EC) shares ended the last trading session 10% higher at $8.95. The jump came on an impressive volume with a higher-than-average number of shares changing hands in the session. This compares to the stock's 15.4% loss over the past four weeks.
Ecopetrol is Colombia’s largest petroleum company, which is involved in the exploration, production, and transportation of oil and natural gas. The company’s stock rose due to the broader market rally fueled by President Trump's decision to pause tariff hikes and reduce tariffs for most countries. The move led to higher oil and natural gas prices, benefiting energy companies like Ecopetrol, whose revenue is closely linked to oil price fluctuations. The reduced trade tensions positively impacted investor sentiment, helping to drive Ecopetrol’s stock higher.
This oil and natural gas exploration company is expected to post quarterly earnings of $0.58 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of +16%. Revenues are expected to be $7.35 billion, down 7.9% from the year-ago quarter.
While earnings and revenue growth expectations are important in evaluating the potential strength in a stock, empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements.
For Ecopetrol, the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has remained unchanged over the last 30 days. And a stock's price usually doesn't keep moving higher in the absence of any trend in earnings estimate revisions. So, make sure to keep an eye on EC going forward to see if this recent jump can turn into more strength down the road.
The stock currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>
Ecopetrol belongs to the Zacks Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry. Another stock from the same industry, Chevron (CVX), closed the last trading session 6.7% higher at $146.03. Over the past month, CVX has returned -11.1%.
For Chevron , the consensus EPS estimate for the upcoming report has changed -3.9% over the past month to $2.49. This represents a change of -15% from what the company reported a year ago. Chevron currently has a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Ecopetrol S.A. (EC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
NIKE resets for growth with bold innovation; lululemon powers ahead on product and global expansion. Which athletic leader is the better long-term play?
Estee Lauder (EL) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds. Geothermal stocks are companies that use heat from the earth to generate […]
Chevron (CVX) was a big mover last session on higher-than-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions might not help the stock continue moving higher in the near term.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
