Title: Google-Parent Alphabet Shares Decline as More People Use AI for Search
Date: 2025-05-08 17:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/google-parent-alphabet-shares-decline-173000517.html?.tsrc=rss

The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains. Katy Perry kissed the sky – and she liked it. Sure, it was a stunt, but Blue Origin’s recent all-female spaceflight wasn’t just for show. It spotlighted a fast-evolving commercial space economy that’s already deeply woven into our daily lives. From satellite-powered TV and GPS to real-time Earth imaging, space tech keeps the world spinning. And this is just liftoff – there’s no telling how far beyond the final frontier the space economy could go. For now, we can measure it in dollar terms. Accor We came across a bullish thesis on Adobe Inc. (ADBE) on Value Investing Subreddit Page by jackandjillonthehill. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ADBE. Adobe Inc. (ADBE)’s share was trading at $374.98 as of April 30th. ADBE’s trailing and forward P/E were 24.77 and 18.38 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Adobe presents a […] Shares plunged on fears of search disruption. That doesn’t mean the company isn’t prepared for change. Alphabet said it continues to see growth in search volumes despite Apple flagging a threat from artificial intelligence. Donald Trump's top officials have engaged in a flurry of meetings since the U.S. president on April 2 imposed a 10% tariff on most countries, along with higher tariff rates for many trading partners that were then suspended for 90 days.  Trump has also imposed 25% tariffs on autos, steel and aluminum, 25% tariffs on Canada and Mexico, and 145% tariffs on China.  "Over the next month or so, we are going to roll out dozens of deals," Lutnick said in the CNBC interview. (Bloomberg) -- Adobe Inc. will offer a package of its products to the government at a discounted rate following scrutiny on software spending by the Trump administration.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign Tourists Due to Trump PoliciesA bundle Google announced Wednesday it will help support Elementl Power with an investment into the power producer’s development of three advanced nuclear sites. Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does Novo Nordisk (NVO) have what it takes? Let's find out. Apple "has incentive for Google to appear weaker in search," at least one analyst said Thursday, brushing off the sharp drop in Alphabet stock seen Wednesday. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b