Title: Google Had a Bad Week. Why We’re Sticking With Alphabet Stock.
Date: 2025-05-08 19:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/598508fd-bace-3a0e-a6ef-69214a339899/google-had-a-bad-week.-why.html?.tsrc=rss

Shares plunged on fears of search disruption. That doesn’t mean the company isn’t prepared for change. We have published an article titled Billionaire David Tepper’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) stands against David Tepper’s other stock picks. The S&P 500 has returned 12.29% over the past 12 months as of May 2, 2025. In […] The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains. U.S. stocks rose on Thursday, with major indexes climbing. Tech led the day’s rally, and the Nasdaq closed up slightly over 1%. ASML Holding and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing power the chip industry, but ASML's EUV monopoly and strong outlook give it the investment edge. Based on the average brokerage recommendation (ABR), UnitedHealth (UNH) should be added to one's portfolio. Wall Street analysts' overly optimistic recommendations cast doubt on the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric. So, is the stock worth buying? Apple has plenty at stake in the landmark U.S. vs Google antitrust trial, starting with $20 billion in profit-rich revenue. The cloud giant joins more than 50 technology partners that are supporting the Agent2Agent standard, including Salesforce, Oracle and SAP. Apple "has incentive for Google to appear weaker in search," at least one analyst said Thursday, brushing off the sharp drop in Alphabet stock seen Wednesday. Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD) is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and commercializes medicines in the areas of unmet medical need in the U.S. and internationally. The 52-week range of Gilead Sciences stock price was $62.07 to ... Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.