Title: Apple is developing specialized chips for smart glasses and AI servers, Bloomberg News reports
Date: 2025-05-08 17:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-developing-specialized-chips-smart-174551666.html?.tsrc=rss

(Reuters) -Apple is developing specialized chips that will power future devices including its first smart glasses,artificial intelligenceservers and new MacBooks, Bloomberg News reported on Thursday. The iPhone-maker has made progress on the chip that it's developing for smart glasses, the report said, citing people with knowledge of the matter. This indicates that Apple is doubling-down to compete with the popular Ray-Ban glasses offered by Meta Platforms. Apple did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. Other processors in development will serve as the brains of future Macs as well as AI servers that can power the Apple Intelligence platform, according to the report. In a bid to compete in the lucrative AI market, Apple has made efforts to add on-device AI features to its latest line of iPhones with Apple Intelligence — a suite that helps summarize notifications, rewrite emails and give users access to OpenAI's ChatGPT, among other features. The company has already made strides in the development of in-house silicon and, in February, revealed its first custom-designed modem chip that connects iPhones to wireless data networks. The processor for its glasses is based on chips used in the Apple Watch that require less energy than components in products like the iPhone, iPad and Mac, the report stated. The chip, which could enter mass production by the end of next year or in 2027, has been customized for power efficiency and to control the multiple cameras that are planned for the glasses, Bloomberg reported. The chip will be manufactured by Taiwan's TSMC and the glasses — if successful — are likely to come to market in roughly the next two years, the report added. Apple is also working on several new Mac chips, including processors that will likely be known as the M6 and M7, according to the report. (Reporting by Arsheeya Bajwa in Bengaluru; Editing by Alan Barona) The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.