Title: Alphabet slips as Apple considers adding AI Search to browser
Date: 2025-05-08 15:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-slips-apple-considers-adding-153629264.html?.tsrc=rss

Shares of Alphabet(GOOGL) are under pressure on Wednesday after an Apple(AAPL) executive said the iPhone maker was exploring addingAIsearch to its Safari browser. According to comments made during Google’s antitrust trial, Eddy Cue said searches in Apple’s browser fell for the first time in April and that Perplexity and Anthropic could be options. Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals inTipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter. Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,delivered straight to your inbox. ADDING AI SEARCH TO BROWSER:Apple is “actively looking at” reshaping the Safari web browser on its devices to focus on AI-powered search engines in light of the potential fallout of its deal with Google and broader industry shifts, Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman, Leah Nylen and Stephanie Laireport. Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of services, made the disclosure Wednesday during his testimony in the U.S. Justice Department’s lawsuit against Alphabet. The heart of the dispute is Apple and Google’s estimated $20B-a-year deal that makes Google the default offering for queries in Apple’s included browser. He also noted that searches on Safari dipped for the first time last month, which he attributed to people using AI. Cue further stated that he believes AI search providers, including Microsoft(MSFT)-backed OpenAI, Perplexity AI and Anthropic PBC, will eventually replace standard search engines like Google. He said he believes Apple will add those players as options in Safari in the future. With that said, the executive still believes Google should remain the default in Safari, saying that he has lost sleep over the possibility of losing the revenue share from their agreement, the authors write. OF NOTE:According to a report byReuterson Tuesday, the U.S. Department of Justice has proposed for Google to sell its AdX digital ad marketplace and DFP platform for managing and delivering ads of website after a judge found the company illegally dominated two online ad-tech markets, Reuters reports. The DOJ said in a court filing that the proposed remedies, including divestitures, are necessary to end Google’s monopolies and restore competition in the space. U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema in Alexandria, Virginia last month found Google liable for “willfully acquiring and maintaining monopoly power” in those two markets. The ruling was another blow for Google after a separate judge found last year that Google held an illegal monopoly in online search. Brinkema set a September trial date on Friday, after hearing from Google and the DOJ on potential remedies for the company’s dominance in ad tools used by online publishers. PRICE ACTION:In late morning trading, shares of Alphabet have dropped almost 6% and are trading at $153.93. Also lower, Apple has slipped more than 2% to $194.26. Published first onTheFly– the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news.Try Now>> See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >> Read More on GOOGL: Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue Apple says no intention of making general search engine, Bloomberg reports Alphabet falls 4% after Apple says exploring adding AI to browser Amazon (AMZN) Makes a $84M Bet on AMD’s AI Future The Clock Is Ticking on Google’s Search Engine: What It Means for Alphabet Stock and Bottom Line Google introduces AI Max for Search campaigns The e-commerce platform said it is helping merchants stay ahead of fluid trade policies, but downplayed broader economic negative effects that tariffs have had on business. Microsoft’s (MSFT) Q3 earnings last week turned out to be a mic-drop moment for analysts, as the tech behemoth didn’t just surpass expectations, but totally crushed them. Since the announcement, seven Wall Street firms have reiterated their bullish stances on MSFT. Azure’s explosive growth, in particular, stole the show. Paired with OpenAI, Microsoft is sprinting ahead in the AI race, leaving competitors scrambling. And then, even after the stock’s post-earnings jump, MSFT still feels like a sma (Bloomberg) -- OpenAI is hiring the head of Instacart into a new role as chief executive officer of applications, reshaping leadership at the artificial-intelligence pioneer under CEO Sam Altman.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsFidji Simo, 39, will take on many of the operat H&R Block's third-quarter fiscal 2025 earnings increase 8.9% year over year. The current agreement between Apple and Google, reportedly worth around $20bn annually, makes Google the default search engine on Safari. Energizer's fiscal second-quarter net sales and earnings decline year over year. The company lowers its fiscal 2025 guidance amid ongoing macroeconomic headwinds. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around? Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.