Title: Apple Has 20 Billion Reasons to Talk Down Google Search
Date: 2025-05-08 21:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/b61dd5a6-2642-3d8f-b84e-b34bfc8bec21/apple-has-20-billion-reasons.html?.tsrc=rss

Apple has plenty at stake in the landmark U.S. vs Google antitrust trial, starting with $20 billion in profit-rich revenue. Warner Bros. stock climbs on mixed results. Disney clears estimates. Dow Jones giant to open new resort in the UAE. U.S. stocks rose on Thursday, with major indexes climbing. Tech led the day’s rally, and the Nasdaq closed up slightly over 1%. MPLX Q1 earnings gain on higher pipeline throughputs and a rise in gathered and processed volumes from the Utica and Permian Basins. Apple "has incentive for Google to appear weaker in search," at least one analyst said Thursday, brushing off the sharp drop in Alphabet stock seen Wednesday. Uber Technologies  may have posted mixed first-quarter results, but analysts say Wall Street should be looking at the company’s underlying business trends instead of focusing too closely on the numbers.  A handful of analysts boosted their price target on  Uber  shares on the heels of the earnings report on Wednesday, which included upbeat guidance for the current quarter.  Wells Fargo  analysts led by Ken Gawrelski raised their price target to $100 from $90 and reiterated an Overweight rating in a note Thursday. Palantir has made a speedy recovery from a post-earnings sell-off.  Despite the company's strong government and commercial businesses, high valuations took the stock down Tuesday after the quarterly financial report.  The enterprise software leader sells data analytics tools used by the U.S. Defense Department for intelligence gathering, counterterrorism and military purposes. The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains. Advanced Micro Devices' (AMD) stock has risen 5% since surpassing its Q1 expectations on Tuesday, but will the rally continue? NEW YORK (Reuters) -UnitedHealth Group was sued on Wednesday for allegedly concealing how backlash from the killing of a top executive was damaging its business, causing its stock to nosedive after the insurer lowered its 2025 outlook.  In a proposed class action filed in Manhattan federal court, shareholders said the insurer defrauded them after the December 4 shooting of UnitedHealthcare Chief Executive Brian Thompson by shifting away from strategies that led to higher-than-average claims denials, without revealing the impact on profitability.  UnitedHealth shares fell 22.4% on April 17, wiping out about $119 billion of market value, after the insurer cut its 2025 forecast for adjusted profit per share to between $26 and $26.50 from between $29.50 and $30. Shares plunged on fears of search disruption. That doesn’t mean the company isn’t prepared for change.