Title: Google Stock Rises. It Rejects Apple’s Claim AI Is Hurting Search Volumes.
Date: 2025-05-08 13:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/1fbcc460-af22-3ccd-a1cc-105615d8773a/google-stock-rises.-it.html?.tsrc=rss

Alphabet said it continues to see growth in search volumes despite Apple flagging a threat from artificial intelligence. The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains. Google stock tumbled after an Apple executive said that Google internet searches on its mobile Safari browser fell for the first time in April. Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does Novo Nordisk (NVO) have what it takes? Let's find out. Alphabet shares saw their worst decline in months after an Apple executive testified that the iPhone maker may reshape its Safari browser to focus on AI-powered search engines and move away from Google as the default search provider. Bloomberg's Jackie Davalos discussed the impact of this disclosure with Caroline Hyde on "Bloomberg Technology." The retailer predicts it will slash costs by more than 30% at its high-tech facilities by year's end, one executive said. Google (GOOGL) stock slid 7% on Wednesday after Apple’s (AAPL) head of services, Eddy Cue, dropped a bombshell during antitrust testimony: Safari search volume had declined in April for the first time in over two decades. AppLovin  stock soared late Wednesday on strong first-quarter earnings results.  Earnings per share rose to $1.67 versus Wall Street’s consensus estimate of $1.44, according to FactSet, and up from 67 cents last year.  It was another quarter of exceeding expectations in AppLovin’s ad business. We recently published an article titled Why These 10 Firms Nosedived Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against the other stocks. The stock market bounced back from the previous day’s losses, with all major indices finishing higher as investors cheered the central bank’s decision to […] (Bloomberg) -- OpenAI is hiring the head of Instacart into a new role as chief executive officer of applications, reshaping leadership at the artificial-intelligence pioneer under CEO Sam Altman.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsFidji Simo, 39, will take on many of the operat While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.