Title: Petrobras' Environmental Hurdles Lead to Oil Blocks Auction in Brazil
Date: 2025-04-16 10:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/petrobras-environmental-hurdles-lead-oil-104400391.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. – Petrobras’ PBR years-long disputes with the environmental authorities on drilling licenses recently led to an oil block auction, whereby Brazil’s oil regulator, ANP, will provide exploration rights in several offshore oil blocks.
The auction, which is scheduled to take place on June 17, will offer 172 blocks spanning both land and deep-water zones in northeastern and southern Brazil, including the Equatorial Margin — a region that could be key to Brazil’s energy future. The blocks across five sedimentary basins, including the deepwater Potiguar and Foz do Amazonas, located near the equator, will also be offered, which are considered to hold Brazil’s greatest potential for replenishing reserves and are projected to start declining by 2030.
Out of the 172 oil blocks, 47 are at the Foz do Amazonas, where Petrobras, currently carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold),won the exploration deal in 2023 and since then, has been awaiting environmental clearance to drill its first well. These oil blocks are expected to contain the same potential as those in Suriname and Guyana, where Exxon Mobil found billions of barrels of oil. The delay in environmental clearance certainly reduces the attractiveness of these blocks for the auction.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Certain environmental working groups have suggested dropping some Potiguar Basin oil blocks, like Atol das Rocas and the Fernando de Noronha archipelago as they are in places of extreme environmental sensitivity and ecosystem connectivity.
However, Brazil’s several ministries jointly allowed these sensitive areas to be offered for auction, even though this authorization expires just a day after the auction. This puts the Potiguar Basin at particular risk of exclusion from future rounds.
Despite the controversies, the auction has attracted interest from the industry’s big players. Thirty-one companies have registered themselves to bid for the upcoming auction, including Petrobras, Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM, Chevron Corporation CVX, BP p.l.c. BP,Shell and Equinor.
Exxon Mobil is a U.S.-based oil and gas giant that has a track record of optimal capital structure and Capex discipline across the commodity price cycle, making it a low-risk energy player producing industry-leading returns. XOM’s expected growth rate for earnings per share for the next year is 21.88%, which aligns favorably with the industry growth rate of 16.30%.
Houston, TX-based Chevron is one of the largest publicly traded oil and gas companiesthat participates in every aspect related to energy,from oil production to refining and marketing. CVX generates more than $200 billion in annual revenues and produces over three million barrels per day of oil equivalent. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for CVX’s 2025 earnings indicates 2.49% year-over-year growth.
BP, an integrated oil and gas company, is driven by its strategic shift toward traditional and renewable energy. BP plans to reduce debt and strengthen its balance sheet while prioritizing shareholder returns by generating proceeds from asset sales. XOM’s expected growth rate for earnings per share for the next year is 11.76%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (PBR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
XOM's fourth FPSO, One Guyana, has arrived, setting the stage for a major output boost from the Yellowtail field by year-end.
StoneCo and RH have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day
XOM's preliminary assessments indicate that the gas reserves at the Elektra-1 prospect are commercially infeasible for development.
CVX and XOM are aligning their Permian strategies with broader low-carbon goals but are taking slightly different paths to get there.
BP, together with its partner CVX, operates the Far South field, situated 4 miles toward the north of the Constellation field.
CVX, COP and EOG offer stability and upside, as OPEC's outlook signals slower growth but confirms oil's lasting role in the global economy.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.