Jobs report, Big Oil earnings, de minimis closure_ What to Watch
2025-05-01 23-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/jobs-report-big-oil-earnings-230053883.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Market Domination Overtime anchor Julie Hyman previews the biggest market stories and data due out for Friday, May 2, namely the April jobs report, earnings from Big Oil producers Exxon Mobil (XOM), Chevron (CVX), and Shell (SHEL), and the closing date for de minimis exemptions on low-value imports from China into the US.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
Time now for what to watch Friday, May 2nd. Starting off on the labor front. April's full jobs report coming out in the morning. Economists forecast 135,000 non-farm payrolls were added last month, while the unemployment rate and hourly wages held steady at 4.2% and 0.3% respectively. Taking a look at earnings, we'll have big oil capping off a big week of earnings. We'll be getting reports from Exxon, Chevron, and Shell in the morning. Exxon will announce results for its first quarter before the markets open. Analysts expect the company to benefit from higher oil and gas prices and better downstream margins. And finally, the Trump administration eliminating the de minimis exemption for low value imports from China. The exemption currently allows goods valued at $800 or less to enter the US duty-free. E-commerce companies like Shine, Temu, which is owned by PDD Holdings, and Alibaba, they're all bracing for the closure, which could lead to further price increases from goods for goods from those Chinese retailers.
Big tech, including Amazon, Alphabet and Microsoft, has raced to build enough data centers to meet spiking demand for generative AI training and tools. Alibaba's Joe Tsai, and other industry observers have voiced concerns that overspending in the sector could be outpacing demand. Marc Ganzi, The CEO of the digital infrastructure firm DigitalBridge, joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about what kind of demand he's seeing on the ground.
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Alibaba (BABA) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
Chevron can weather the storm, assuming prices don’t fall much lower, but it may have to cut its share-repurchase plan.  Buybacks will likely be the biggest question on the oil company’s first-quarter earnings call.  Analysts expect Chevron to report $2.16 of earnings per share, down from $2.93 a year ago.
Two energy heavyweights - Exxon Mobil (XOM) and Chevron (CVX) - are on the reporting docket this week, continuing a hectic week of earnings overall.
ConocoPhillips (COP) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
Olipop leaned on viral trends and toilet humor—and meeting consumers where they are at—to propel its soda as both fun and functional.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...