Title: Exxon Mobil Says Deal With Japan's Marubeni To Boost Global Energy Supply
Date: 2025-05-08 12:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-says-deal-japans-124446596.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) on Wednesday inked a long-term offtake deal with Marubeni Corporation.
As per the deal, Marubeni will purchase around 250,000 tonnes of low-carbon ammonia annually from ExxonMobil’s Baytown, Texas facility.
This facility is projected to produce near carbon-free hydrogen, capturing approximately 98% of CO2, which will then be used to create low-carbon ammonia.
Also Read: Chevron Vs. Exxon: Oil Giants Limp Into Q1 Earnings With Engines Stalling
ExxonMobil’s planned facility in Baytown, Texas, is projected to become the world’s largest of its kind upon its startup. It will have the capacity to produce up to 1 billion cubic feet of near carbon-free hydrogen daily (with approximately 98% of CO2 captured) and over 1 million tons of low-carbon ammonia annually.
The final investment decision for this landmark project is anticipated in 2025, contingent upon favorable government policies and the necessary regulatory approvals.
Additionally, Marubeni has agreed to acquire an ownership stake in ExxonMobil’s low-carbon hydrogen and ammonia production facility.
Barry Engle, president of ExxonMobil Low Carbon Solutions said, "By using American-produced natural gas we can boost global energy supply, support Japan's decarbonization goals and create jobs at home. Our strong relationship with Marubeni sets the stage for delivering low-carbon ammonia from the U.S. to Japan for years to come.”
Last week, the company reported first quarter total revenues and other income of $83.1 billion, which missed the consensus of $86.1 billion and adjusted EPS of $1.76, beating the consensus of $1.70.
Investors can gain exposure to XOM via EA Series Trust Strive U.S. Energy ETF (NYSE:DRLL) and Fidelity MSCI Energy Index ETF (NYSE:FENY).
Price Action: XOM shares are up 0.62% to $105.26 premarket at the last check on Thursday.
Read Next:
Chevron Q1 Profit Drops On Higher Costs, Weak International Margins
Photo by Ken Wolter via Shutterstock
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
EXXON MOBIL (XOM): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article Exxon Mobil Says Deal With Japan's Marubeni To Boost Global Energy Supply originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
XOM's low-carbon ammonia supply agreement is contingent upon the U.S. energy giant making a final investment decision on the construction of its planned hydrogen facility.
VeriSign reported Q1 earnings that came in ahead of expectations, while raising full-year guidance.  This Buffett holding is now up 37% on the year.  Shares of the internet address registry VeriSign (NASDAQ: VRSN) rallied 11.1% in April, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence.
The investment, from Q2 2025 to 2027, will focus on revitalising the Usan deep-water oilfield.
PepsiCo’s near-$2bn move for Poppi underlines the popularity of prebiotic soda. But how big can the market get? Simon Creasey explores.
SHEL generates cash flow from operations of $9.3 billion, returns $2.2 billion to its shareholders through dividends and spends $3.7 billion on capital projects.
ExxonMobil stock took a hit as crude oil prices plunged to nearly four-year lows in April.  The oil stock, however, made a sharp U-turn in April to give up all of those Q1 gains, and then some -- it fell 11.2% during the month, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  What triggered the reversal in ExxonMobil stock?
We recently published a list of 10 Undervalued Quantum Computing Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where OneSpan Inc. (NASDAQ:OSPN) stands against other undervalued quantum computing stocks to buy now. Quantum computing is turning into an essential component of the upcoming technological revolution. It is resolving […]
We recently published a list of 10 Undervalued Quantum Computing Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Seagate Technology Holdings plc (NASDAQ:STX) stands against other undervalued quantum computing stocks to buy now. Quantum computing is turning into an essential component of the upcoming technological revolution. It […]
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks with Insanely High PE Ratios Insiders Are Selling. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. (NYSE:KGS) stands against other stocks with insanely high PE ratios insiders are selling. The U.S. stock market has turned into a theater of […]
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.