Title: Exxon Mobil Says Deal With Japan's Marubeni To Boost Global Energy Supply
Date: 2025-05-08 12:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-says-deal-japans-124446596.html?.tsrc=rss

Exxon Mobil Corporation(NYSE:XOM) on Wednesday inked a long-term offtake deal with Marubeni Corporation. As per the deal, Marubeni will purchase around 250,000 tonnes of low-carbon ammonia annually from ExxonMobil’s Baytown, Texas facility. Thisfacilityis projected to produce near carbon-free hydrogen, capturing approximately 98% of CO2, which will then be used to create low-carbon ammonia. Also Read:Chevron Vs. Exxon: Oil Giants Limp Into Q1 Earnings With Engines Stalling ExxonMobil’s planned facility in Baytown, Texas, is projected to become the world’s largest of its kind upon its startup. It will have the capacity to produce up to 1 billion cubic feet of near carbon-free hydrogen daily (with approximately 98% of CO2 captured) and over 1 million tons of low-carbon ammonia annually. The final investment decision for this landmark project is anticipated in 2025, contingent upon favorable government policies and the necessary regulatory approvals. Additionally, Marubeni has agreed to acquire an ownership stake in ExxonMobil’s low-carbon hydrogen and ammonia production facility. Barry Engle, president of ExxonMobil Low Carbon Solutions said, "By using American-produced natural gas we can boost global energy supply, support Japan's decarbonization goals and create jobs at home. Our strong relationship with Marubeni sets the stage for delivering low-carbon ammonia from the U.S. to Japan for years to come.” Last week, the company reported first quarter total revenues and other income of $83.1 billion, which missed the consensus of $86.1 billion and adjusted EPS of $1.76,beating the consensus of $1.70. Investors can gain exposure to XOM viaEA Series Trust Strive U.S. Energy ETF(NYSE:DRLL) andFidelity MSCI Energy Index ETF(NYSE:FENY). Price Action:XOM shares are up 0.62% to $105.26 premarket at the last check on Thursday. Read Next: Chevron Q1 Profit Drops On Higher Costs, Weak International Margins Photo by Ken Wolter via Shutterstock Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? EXXON MOBIL (XOM): Free Stock Analysis Report This articleExxon Mobil Says Deal With Japan's Marubeni To Boost Global Energy Supplyoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com © 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. XOM's low-carbon ammonia supply agreement is contingent upon the U.S. energy giant making a final investment decision on the construction of its planned hydrogen facility. The investment, from Q2 2025 to 2027, will focus on revitalising the Usan deep-water oilfield. VeriSign reported Q1 earnings that came in ahead of expectations, while raising full-year guidance.  This Buffett holding is now up 37% on the year.  Shares of the internet address registry VeriSign (NASDAQ: VRSN) rallied 11.1% in April, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. PepsiCo’s near-$2bn move for Poppi underlines the popularity of prebiotic soda. But how big can the market get? Simon Creasey explores. SHEL generates cash flow from operations of $9.3 billion, returns $2.2 billion to its shareholders through dividends and spends $3.7 billion on capital projects. ExxonMobil stock took a hit as crude oil prices plunged to nearly four-year lows in April.  The oil stock, however, made a sharp U-turn in April to give up all of those Q1 gains, and then some -- it fell 11.2% during the month, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  What triggered the reversal in ExxonMobil stock? We recently published a list of 10 Undervalued Quantum Computing Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where OneSpan Inc. (NASDAQ:OSPN) stands against other undervalued quantum computing stocks to buy now. Quantum computing is turning into an essential component of the upcoming technological revolution. It is resolving […] We recently published a list of 10 Undervalued Quantum Computing Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Seagate Technology Holdings plc (NASDAQ:STX) stands against other undervalued quantum computing stocks to buy now. Quantum computing is turning into an essential component of the upcoming technological revolution. It […] We recently published a list of 10 Stocks with Insanely High PE Ratios Insiders Are Selling. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. (NYSE:KGS) stands against other stocks with insanely high PE ratios insiders are selling. The U.S. stock market has turned into a theater of […] Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.