Court hearing in Exxon's dispute over Chevron-Hess deal set for May 26, sources say
2025-05-01 18-16
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/court-hearing-exxons-dispute-over-181655983.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Sheila Dang
HOUSTON (Reuters) -The International Chamber of Commerce has scheduled a hearing in Exxon Mobil's arbitration dispute over rival Chevron's planned acquisition of oil producer Hess for May 26, according to two sources familiar with the matter.
The hearing will take place in London, according to a third source.
The battle between Exxon and Chevron, the two largest U.S. oil producers, centers on the lucrative Stabroek oilfield off the coast of Guyana, the biggest oil discovery of the past decade.
It has delayed Chevron's $53-billion deal to buy Hess, which was announced nearly 18 months ago.
While Exxon, Chevron and Hess have previously said the hearing in the arbitration case was scheduled for May, the date or location has not previously been reported. The sources declined to be named because the details are confidential.
A Hess spokesperson referred to a previous filing in which the company said it expected a decision in the third quarter. Exxon and Chevron did not respond to requests for comment.
The prize asset in Chevron's acquisition of Hess is the latter's 30% stake in the Stabroek block. Exxon operates the field and holds a 45% interest. CNOOC, the third partner, holds 25%.
In March last year, roughly four months after Chevron said it would buy Hess, Exxon and CNOOC filed arbitration claims, arguing that their joint operating agreement in the Stabroek block gives them a right of first refusal to buy Hess' stake. Chevron and Hess claim the right of first refusal does not apply to their merger.
The arbitration case was filed through the International Chamber of Commerce and a three-judge panel will consider the applicability of the right-of-first-refusal clause.
Closing the acquisition of Hess and gaining access to the Stabroek is crucial for Chevron. The field has pumped more crude than initially expected and would provide a material boost to Chevron's total oil output. It would also add to Chevron's oil and gas reserves, which fell to their lowest point in at least a decade at the end of 2024.
The block is estimated to hold more than 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent in recoverable resource.
In March, Chevron disclosed that it bought 4.99% of Hess' common shares on the open market, which the company said reflected its confidence in completing the acquisition.
(Reporting by Sheila Dang in Houston; Editing by Nia Williams)
(Reuters) -Amgen on Thursday said its first-quarter profit rose 24%, driven by product sales, and said that while it is premature to speculate on the impact of U.S. tariffs, tax policy would be a more effective way to influence U.S. manufacturing.  President Donald Trump's administration has opened a national security investigation into pharmaceuticals in a bid to demonstrate why the U.S. needs tariffs to increase domestic manufacturing.  "We agree with our peers that the most effective answer is not tariffs, but tax policy," Amgen CFO Peter Griffith said on a conference call.
Exxon Mobil and Chevron report first-quarter earnings and revenue early Friday. Investors await to see if falling oil prices will impact buybacks.
“Partner Mode” allows couples to review all their financial accounts and plan for the future.
Big Tech looks to have calmed Wall Street nerves overnight, helping deflect attention from the U.S. economy's tariff-skewed first quarterly contraction in three years.  In today's column, I explain why the euro zone's outperformance against the U.S. in the first quarter may be more than just a flash in the pan.  * Ukraine and the U.S. on Wednesday signed a deal heavily promoted by U.S. President Donald Trump that will give the United States preferential access to new Ukrainian minerals deals and fund investment in Ukraine's reconstruction.
Tariffs weren't on the agenda of this week's Robotics Summit, where thousands of tech industry workers mingled with humanoid and other robot varieties and talked about how to build and sell a new generation of increasingly autonomous machines.  “Jump up to the microphones,” said keynote speaker Aaron Saunders, chief technology officer of Boston Dynamics, inviting a standing-room-only crowd to ask him questions.  "And I’m the CTO, so don’t ask me about tariffs."
Mobile chip designer Qualcomm on Wednesday forecast third-quarter revenue that would not meet estimates, joining other tech companies such as Snap and Samsung that voiced concerns about the effects of U.S. President Donald Trump's trade war.  Qualcomm third-quarter estimates reflected the impact of the tariffs "as they stand today," Chief Financial Officer Akash Palkhiwala said in a conference call with analysts following the results.  "We do not see any material, direct impact - there is smaller direct impact and some minor changes in demand," Palkhiwala said, in reference to the tariffs.
Exxon  Mobil will report earnings on Friday morning amid an oil downturn that has taken the price of crude to its lowest level in about four years.  The big question is whether the price drop will cause the company to slow its stock buybacks or its production growth—or if the company plans to push ahead regardless.  Analysts expect Exxon to report $1.75 in earnings per share for the quarter, down from $2.06 last year.
In other beverage news, women-founded brand Gorgie raised $24.5 million for its better-for-you energy drink.
Is a credit card annual fee worth it? It depends on whether you can get enough value from your card to offset the yearly cost.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...