Title: The price Mark Zuckerberg wasn't willing to pay to halt Meta's antitrust trial
Date: 2025-04-16 15:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-price-mark-zuckerberg-wasnt-willing-to-pay-to-halt-metas-antitrust-trial-153134257.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta (META) CEO Mark Zuckerberg hoped to avoid a high-stakes antitrust trial playing out this week in Washington, D.C., but he wasn't willing to pay the price US antitrust cops wanted.
He and the Federal Trade Commission encountered stratospheric differences on what it would take to settle a case seeking the breakup of Zuckerberg's empire, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal.
In March, Zuckerberg offered the head of the FTC $450 million, according to the Wall Street Journal, well short of the $30 billion demanded by the FTC. He eventually increased it to $1 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal, but FTC boss Andrew Ferguson wouldn't accept anything lower than $18 billion.
The revelations about Zuckerberg's attempts to settle with the Trump administration add a new layer of drama to the legal battle between the social media giant and the FTC, which alleges Meta became a monopoly in the market for "personal social networking" by buying up potential rival social media startups such as Instagram and WhatsApp.
Meta's Facebook acquired Instagram in 2012 for $1 billion and WhatsApp in 2014 for $19 billion. The FTC reviewed and approved the purchases but now wants a judge to force Meta to divest both of them.
Zuckerberg and his top aides made multiple visits to the White House to meet with President Trump and administration officials before the trial began. Zuckerberg also made two visits to the president's private Mar-a-Lago club. And Meta donated $1 million to Trump's inaugural fund.
Trump, according to the Wall Street Journal, did ask staff to work on a potential settlement. But Ferguson and the Justice Department's antitrust chief, Gail Slater, persuaded Trump to support their recommendation to proceed to trial.
This week in court, the FTC wasted no time laying out evidence against Zuckerberg by calling the CEO as its first trial witness.
Instagram became the FTC's central topic as prosecutors confronted Zuckerberg with his past emails.
In a 2012 email, Zuckerberg told Facebook's then-CFO, David Ebersman, that purchasing Instagram and other startups could be viewed as a way for Facebook to buy time.
"Even if some new competitor springs up, buying Instagram, Path, Foursquare etc. now will give us a year or more to integrate their dynamics before anyone can get close to their scale again," Zuckerberg wrote, according to an account of the testimony reported by Bloomberg.
Zuckerberg agreed under questioning by the FTC's attorney that buying Instagram was intended to "neutralize a competitor," but he added that the purchase was also meant to boost Facebook's quality and functionality.
​​"I read this as talking about incorporating the functionality and staying ahead in terms of quality. But scale is one aspect of that, and time is one aspect of that," Zuckerberg testified, according to Bloomberg.
"It's not accurate to say that the only reason we were interested was the scale or growth rate, which I think that your question is implying."
Zuckerberg's testimony concluded on Wednesday by addressing Facebook's view of the Chinese social media app TikTok launched in 2018.
Zuckerberg viewed the app's increasing popularity as a "highly urgent" threat and "we observed that our growth slowed down dramatically."
"TikTok is still bigger than either Facebook or Instagram, and I don't like it when our competitors do better than us," Zuckerberg said, according to reports.
Antitrust lawyers have said TikTok presents a potential sticking point for the FTC's case because the company offers similar services to Facebook and Instagram, yet is excluded in the group of companies that the commission claims compete in the market for personal social networking.
"We haven't been shy about explaining why it doesn't make sense for the FTC to bring a case to trial that requires it to prove something every 17-year-old in America knows is absurd — that Instagram doesn’t compete with TikTok," a Meta spokesperson said.
"We are prepared to win at trial."
Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X @alexiskweed.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Let's explore why Phillip Morris International (NYSE: PM) and Alpine Income Property Trust (NYSE: PINE) could be long-term winners.  Because nicotine is habit-forming, demand for cigarettes and other tobacco products typically remains strong no matter what is happening in the economy.  Philip Morris International has tackled this challenge through geographic diversification and a pivot to safer, reduced-risk tobacco products.
We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US stock […]
All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg emphasized in federal court on Wednesday that he bought Instagram and WhatsApp because he saw value in the companies — not to take out competitors, as the Federal Trade Commission alleges in a historic antitrust trial.  Zuckerberg took the stand for the third day in the trial, wrapping up his testimony as the first witness Wednesday afternoon.  Hansen focused some of his questioning on emails sent by Zuckerberg and his associates that the FTC cited in earlier testimony to illustrate the Facebook founder's alarm over the growth of Instagram and his sense that he needed to neutralize its threat.
The stock market has been crashing this year and if you're a long-term investor, it can be a good time to invest in companies at discounted valuations.  Three stocks that are in a free fall right now that I still wouldn't bother buying today are Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA), Tilray Brands (NASDAQ: TLRY), and Rigetti Computing (NASDAQ: RGTI).  Shares of electric vehicle maker Tesla are down 37% year to date, and there is no shortage of reasons to explain why the stock is struggling.
These 10 stocks performed the best over the past 10 years.
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.