Title: Global Tech Stocks Drop as ASML Warning Adds to Nvidia Curbs
Date: 2025-04-16 09:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asian-tech-stocks-slide-fresh-055536977.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — Technology stocks sank as new US government restrictions on the export of Nvidia Corp. chips to China and a disappointing report from ASML Holding NV fanned trade war concerns, wiping out $155 billion in market value for the two companies alone.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space
LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs
Nvidia (NVDA) fell as much as 7.1% in US premarket trading after the chipmaker warned it will report around $5.5 billion in related charges during the fiscal first quarter, contributing to a 1.4% decline in Nasdaq 100 futures. Dutch chip-equipment maker ASML (ASML) slid as much as 7.6%. The selloff in semiconductor stocks over the past three months has already wiped out about $2 trillion in market capitalization.
President Donald Trump’s administration has barred Nvidia from selling its H20 chip in China, an escalation of Washington’s tech battle with Beijing. ASML later added to investor anxiety by posting orders that missed expectations and saying that it doesn’t know how to quantify the impact of recent tariff announcements.
The latest developments show how tariffs are already wreaking havoc on global companies, while the trade war is extending beyond mere import taxes as well. The fallout could weigh on chip-sector earnings and also set back China’s ambitions to compete on the global tech stage. ASML’s drop weighed on Europe’s technology sector, with losses across chip equipment peers pushing the Stoxx 600 Technology Index about 2.5% lower.
The H20 restrictions are “driven by concerns over China’s rise in the electronics sector, and in that sense, it is likely to become a permanent policy,” said Tomo Kinoshita, global market strategist at Invesco Asset Management. “It is expected to have a significant negative impact on semiconductor supply chain.”
Trump’s war on trade is prompting economists to scale back their forecasts for GDP growth worldwide, casting doubt over the outlook for everything from smart-phone demand to computing. Even before Washington slapped additional tariffs on much of the world — only to roll them back shortly after — many industry analysts had questioned whether big tech firms from Microsoft Corp. to Meta Platforms Inc. will continue to buy Nvidia Corp. chips at the same pace in 2025.
Among key suppliers, Korean memory maker SK Hynix Inc. slumped 3.7% Wednesday. Top foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. fell 2.5% ahead of results on Thursday. Japanese chip-equipment maker Advantest Corp. (6857.T) dropped 6.6%, extending its fall after ASML’s statement.
TSMC was already likely to slow some production expansion on a weaker economic outlook, and “the tighter rules on Nvidia’s China sales might amplify the deceleration,” Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Ken Hui wrote in a note.
For China, the broader restrictions raise concerns that access to global tech hardware will be further choked off. Exports of the most-advanced chips and equipment to the Asian nation are already banned, and the H20 is a scaled-down product specifically designed not to be too powerful.
Even after DeepSeek raised hopes that advances can be made in artificial intelligence and other fields without the most cutting-edge chips, China’s tech giants may suffer if curbs keep getting extended. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA, 9988.HK) sank as much as 5.4% in Hong Kong trading Wednesday, while Baidu Inc. (BIDU) fell 3.3%.
“It is a reminder of the potential susceptibility of tech stocks to the ongoing prickly relationship between the US and China regarding semiconductors,” said Tim Waterer, chief market analyst at KCM Trade in Sydney. “There is a reliance on the H20 chip from big name players in the Asian tech space, so any moves which could impact supply will be a drag on the broader sector.”
On the other side of the equation, China continues to work toward self-reliance in technology, though its companies are still seen lagging far behind advanced global leaders like Nvidia.
Among Chinese hardware stocks bucking the regional sector declines Wednesday, Hua Hong Semiconductor Ltd. jumped as much as 6.6% in Hong Kong while Advanced Micro-Fabrication Equipment Inc. rose 2.1% in Shanghai.
“AI innovation in China is booming and the H20 ban would not dampen it — it may accelerate the use of China domestic chips,” said Vey-Sern Ling, a managing director at Union Bancaire Privee. “Domestic AI chips may not perform as well as Nvidia’s H20, but that is missing the point. China has been able to develop innovative AI models despite US restrictions.”
—With assistance from Abhishek Vishnoi, Kit Rees, Edwin Chan, Henry Ren and Kurt Schussler.
(Adds market value data in first and second paragraphs, US premarket trading in second)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        

J&J faces several headwinds at the start of the year, including patent expiry, talc litigation, and, now, tariffs.
Tariffs put the U.S. at a short-term disadvantage and will harm competition for North American automakers once Chinese automakers arrive, Lawler said.
Nvidia was rising Tuesday after President Donald Trump said the chip maker's U.S. infrastructure permits would be expedited.
Sellers took center stage early Wednesday as news of a possible China trade barrier for Nvidia put a chill on tech firms specializing in artificial intelligence, and the markets in general.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.