Title: Nvidia drags the Nasdaq down 3% and the Dow drops 600 points as stocks tumble on trade war woes
Date: 2025-04-16 19:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nasdaq-tumbles-nvidia-takes-5-123027626.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
U.S. markets fell deep into the red on Wednesday, with chip stocks leading the retreat as U.S.-China trade tensions spooked investors. The tech-heavy Nasdaq was down sharply, off about 3.3% in afternoon trading. The S&P 500 lost 2.2% and the Dow Jones Industrial average fell 630 points, or 1.5%. Losses rippled across sectors, dragging the Russell 2000 down about 1%.
Nvidia stock plunged more than 8% after the company disclosed a $5.5 billion charge linked to fresh U.S. export restrictions on its H20 AI chips — once seen as a workaround for earlier bans. AMD (AMD) stock also fell 8%, while chip equipment giant ASML dropped 6%. after it missed first-quarter revenue estimates and warned that escalating tariffs could cloud the global outlook through 2026.
Markets retreated further as Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell warned that President Donald Trump’s tariffs were “highly likely” to fuel inflation, and suggested the central bank will wait to see the effect of tariffs before lowering interest rates.
“Tariffs are highly likely to generate at least a temporary rise in inflation,” Powell said during a speech at the Economic Club of Chicago. “The inflationary effects could also be more persistent. Avoiding that outcome will depend on the size of the effects, on how long it takes for them to pass through fully to prices, and, ultimately, on keeping longer-term inflation expectations well anchored.”
“For the time being,” Plwell said, “we are well positioned to wait for greater clarity before considering any adjustments to our policy stance.”
Still, there were bright spots. Abbott Labs (ABT) beat expectations with adjusted EPS of $1.09 and double-digit organic growth in its medical device division, including a 20% jump in diabetes-related products. Prologis (PLD), the world’s largest industrial REIT, met forecasts with $1.27 in core FFO and reaffirmed guidance — but noted rising customer caution.
Meanwhile, U.S. retail sales surged 1.4% in March, the biggest monthly gain since January 2023. Analysts said shoppers likely pulled purchases forward to avoid tariff-driven price hikes: Think customers loading up on TVs and T-shirts at Costco (COST) ahead of potential price pain.
The CNN (WBD) Fear & Greed Index remains in “extreme fear” territory — a mood that’s proven hard to shake since Trump’s tariff barrage earlier this month. It should come as no surprise: This is a market increasingly driven by policy whiplash, cheerleading soundbites, and dropped hints of trade negotiations. Mixed signals, selective leaks, and sudden reversals — often via social media or offhand remarks — are proving as influential as official announcements.
And it’s not just the policy that’s unpredictable. The choreography is, too.
The most closely watched story Wednesday centered on Nvidia (NVDA) and its disclosure of the $5.5 billion charge tied to new U.S. government restrictions on exporting its H20 AI chips to China. The Biden administration originally designed export controls to curtail China’s access to advanced AI chips — but under Trump, the policy has sharpened. Shares of Nvidia, the third-largest U.S. company by market capitalization, were down about 5% before the bell and fell further into the afternoon.
Also in chip news, semiconductor equipment giant ASML (ASML) reported first-quarter sales of €7.7 billion — below analyst expectations — and flagged “greater uncertainty” ahead due to the U.S.’s and China’s tariff policies. ASML, which makes the machines essential to high-end chip manufacturing, has seen its stock fall by 28% over the last year despite the AI boom.
Elsewhere, China posted 5.4% GDP growth for the first quarter, matching the prior quarter. Export activity surged as companies rushed to ship goods ahead of expected new U.S. tariffs. Beijing also named a new top trade negotiator. Still, market watchers seem to see little clarity ahead.
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Fed chief Jerome Powell hinted Trump tariffs will be "challenging," with the mandate to control inflation and support growth in "tension."
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s […]
Sellers took center stage early Wednesday as news of a possible China trade barrier for Nvidia put a chill on tech firms specializing in artificial intelligence, and the markets in general.
US benchmark equity indexes tumbled intraday as a sell-off in Nvidia (NVDA) shares weighed on the br
China's economy expanded at a 5.4% annual pace in January-March, the government said Wednesday, supported by strong exports ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump’s rapid increases in tariffs on Chinese products.  With the trade war clouding the outlook, analysts are forecasting that the world’s second largest economy will slow significantly in coming months, however, as tariffs as high as 145% on U.S. imports from China take effect.  Beijing has hit back at the U.S. with 125% tariffs on American exports, while also stressing its determination to keep its own markets open to trade and investment.
We came across a bullish thesis on Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) on Substack by Felix. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on AMD. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD)’s share was trading at $95.29 as of April 15th. AMD’s trailing and forward P/E were 95.29 and 20.49 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. AMD is […]
Nvidia discloses that sales of its H20 chips to China would require a license ‘for the indefinite future’ from the U.S. Department of Commerce, AMD says a license requirement for chip exports will result in charges of up to $800 million, and ASML issues disappointing sales guidance.
After Nvidia (NVDA) announced that it would take a $5.5 billion charge to its inventory, investment bank Stifel remains bullish on NVDA stock and kept a Buy rating on the shares. The chip maker will take the charge because it has to purchase “an indefinite license” in order to export its processors to China and […]
Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) shares fell more than 7% on Wednesday morning, after the company disclosed new export restrictions on its artificial intelligence (AI) chips.  Specifically, the company must now obtain licenses from the U.S. government to sell its H20 processors in China.  Nvidia stock now has plummeted 30% from the record high it reached in January.
Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.