Title: Veteran Analyst Is Bullish on NVDA, MSFT, AVGO
Date: 2025-04-16 17:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veteran-analyst-bullish-nvda-msft-174009973.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Despite the stock market's current volatility, the longer-term outlook of technology is bright because large companies are going to invest in AI in order to reduce their costs and grow, Daniel Newman, the CEO of the Futurum Group told Schwab Network today.
Newman is most bullish on tech names that have a great deal of exposure to large companies and relatively little exposure to consumers.
He identified Nvidia (NVDA), Microsoft (MSFT), and Broadcom (AVGO) as three stocks that he likes at this point.
Why Newman Is Bullish on NVDA
Nvidia is a leader in its space, and has the "software framework, (and) stacks" that it needs to succeed, Newman stated. Additionally, it will benefit from huge capital expenditures by the major cloud players, including Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) and Microsoft (MSFT), Newman asserted.
Why Newman Is Upbeat on MSFT and AVGO
MSFT will benefit from the large amount of revenue that it obtains from companies and its low exposure to consumers, Newman stated. Moreover, its high capital expenditures will improve its position coming out of any economic downturn, the tech analyst predicted.
AVGO is helping the large cloud players develop their own AI infrastructure. Over the longer term, the major cloud developers will want to create a significant amount of such infrastructure to become more independent, according to Newman.
While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
“I don’t own Nvidia (NVDA), but this is the first time I’m really starting to look at (Nvidia)” stock, prominent CNBC contributor Stephanie Link said on the channel today. Link suggested that NVDA would rebound significantly over the longer term, and she noted that she had been buying more shares of one of NVDA’s rivals, […]
Nvidia said it expects new U.S. export restrictions to China will remain in place "indefinitely".
Export restrictions placed on certain chips manufactured by Nvidia have weighed on other chipmakers, and shares of Broadcom, Qualcomm and others declined.
We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Arm Holdings plc (NASDAQ:ARM) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in […]
We recently published a list of 13 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other NASDAQ stocks to buy in 2025. On April 4, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives appeared on CNBC to discuss the potential impact […]
Oakmark Funds, advised by Harris Associates, released its “Oakmark Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The fund’s investor class returned 1.14% in the first quarter, compared to a -4.27% return for the S&P 500 Index. The fund has returned 12.76% since its inception compared to the index […]
The latest trading day saw Dell Technologies (DELL) settling at $85.49, representing a +0.35% change from its previous close.
Trump wants to bring tech manufacturing to the US. There's little chance it will happen.
Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) shares fell more than 7% on Wednesday morning, after the company disclosed new export restrictions on its artificial intelligence (AI) chips.  Specifically, the company must now obtain licenses from the U.S. government to sell its H20 processors in China.  Nvidia stock now has plummeted 30% from the record high it reached in January.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Sounds the Alarm on China Rhetoric and Dollar Panic Then Analyzes 11 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer analyzes. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.