Why Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is the Best Medical Stock to Buy According to Billionaires
2025-04-13 21:41
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-johnson-johnson-jnj-best-214127916.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of 10 Best Medical Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other best medical stocks to buy according to billionaires.Some experts view medical, healthcare, and big pharma stocks as immune from trade carnage, making them a safe haven amid the uncertainty brought about by Trump’s tariffs. On April 8, Mizuho Securities America healthcare sector strategist Jared Holz appeared on CNBC’s ‘Power Lunch’ to talk about whether the speculations around the healthcare sector being a safe haven during market turmoil are true. He also discussed why healthcare companies are failing to get increased investor respect, given that healthcare is 20% of the American economy, which translates to around 1/5th of the country’s entire national output.Holz said that the country’s major healthcare and pharmaceutical companies undoubtedly help fight its healthcare problems. However, when we look at their financial models and the way their businesses are currently set up, we have got generic patent cliffs over the next 5-7 years on the medium to long-term angle of the company, along with price concessions with the IRA and some of the things the Biden administration put into place. We have also got pricing degradation over the near term, and between those two lies competition and other setbacks. The models thus never line up well enough for investors to have a lot of confidence, as the business models do not lend themselves to long-term viability. These are the primary reasons the sector and stocks have been under pressure for so long.READ ALSO: 10 Best Mid Cap Biotech Stocks to Buy and 12 Best Diagnostics Stocks to Invest In Right Now. Holz further opined that managed care, particularly the government-centric names, are somewhat safe as they are insulated from tariffs as US-based companies. In fact, the economic slowdown is actually beneficial for them as they want less utilization and less patience through the system, which is how they typically beat numbers. He said that managed care is having a good day, and investors might think about owning some companies in the sector.It is, however, a relative game, as there are several different variables at play, and investors are essentially playing a game of hopscotch in an attempt to jump from one area to another, whether it’s tariffs, drug pricing, or other public policies. He painted a similar picture for medical device stocks that are more US-centric. These two sectors thus have less risk relative to others, making them somewhat of a safe haven.In this article, we first sifted through ETFs and financial media reports to compile a preliminary list of stocks. We then examined Insider Monkey’s exclusive database of billionaire stock holdings to select the 10 best medical stocks with the most billionaire investors. These billionaires are founders or managers of some of the world’s leading hedge funds and companies.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).A smiling baby with an array of baby care products in the foreground.Number of Billionaire Investors: 18Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 98Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) develops, manufactures, and sells a range of products in the healthcare field through its subsidiaries. With a primary focus on products related to human well-being and health, the company operates through two segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech. Its Innovative Medicine segment encompasses various therapeutic areas, including infectious diseases, immunology, neuroscience, metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, pulmonary hypertension, and oncology. The MedTech segment includes an elaborate range of medical devices and products used in cardiovascular intervention, orthopedic, interventional solutions, surgery, and vision fields.Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) has strong fundamentals. It reported sales of $88.8 billion for fiscal year 2024, reflecting a 4.3% year-over-year growth. These strong results reflect the company’s high-growth strategy. It has a solid balance sheet and generates enough cash flow through its operations to cover its high-yielding dividend.On January 13, Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) announced the $14.6 billion acquisition of neurological drugmaker IntraCellular. This acquisition will allow the company access to Caplyta, an oral drug for the treatment of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.On April 9, Goldman Sachs analyst Asad Haider resumed coverage with a Buy rating on Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and set a price target of $172.00. Morgan Stanley also raised the firm’s price target on the company to $164 from $163, keeping an Equal Weight rating on the shares.Overall, JNJ ranks 5th on our list of best medical stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential for JNJ as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than JNJ but trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.We recently published a list of Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s Top 10 Stocks Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ:RARE) stands against other Billionaire Stanley Druckenmiller’s top stock picks with huge upside potential. Wall Street is overflowing with data. If companies are […]Investment banking fees slowed at Goldman Sachs in the first quarter even as trading volatility helped lift overall revenues and profits, the latest sign of how complicated 2025 is turning out to be for some of the biggest names on Wall Street.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially […]Gauges on corporate debt, futures and 30-year Treasurys are flashing warning signs, reflecting concern over U.S. tariff policyThe Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettRetiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
