Title: The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights The Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley
Date: 2025-05-07 13:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-analyst-blog-highlights-goldman-130500450.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Chicago, IL – May 7, 2025 – Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include: The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. GS, JPMorgan JPM and Morgan Stanley's MS.
Here are highlights from Tuesday’s Analyst Blog:
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. shares have tumbled 15% in the past three months compared with the industry's decline of 10.3%. The stock has been rattled by escalating trade war concerns, with tariffs raising fears of high inflation and a possible global economic slowdown.
Following the broader market trend, GS's peer JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley's shares fell 8% and 14.6%, respectively, over the same time frame.
Given the recent pullback in the GS stock's price, many investors must think whether the stock is worth holding on to for now. Let us delve deeper and analyze the factors.
A robust revival in merger and acquisition (M&A) activity was expected for 2025, bolstered by a potentially business-friendly Trump administration, expectations for regulatory rollbacks and pent-up demand. However, the reality so far has been more complicated.
Now, the timeline for a solid rebound in M&As has shifted to the second half of 2025 due to Trump's tariff plans, which resulted in extreme market volatility. Given mounting inflationary pressure, a slowdown/recession in the U.S. economy is expected. Amid such a backdrop, companies are rethinking their M&A plans despite stabilizing rates and having significant investible capital.
Given market uncertainty and a slowdown of M&A activities, Goldman's IB revenues declined 8% year over year in the first quarter of 2025. On the contrary, its peers, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley's IB fees rose 12% and 7.7% in the first quarter.
However, Goldman's leading position in deal-making activities indicates enduring client trust. This, along with an increased IB backlog, will likely convert into higher IB revenues once the operating backdrop improves, giving Goldman a strategic edge over peers.
GS is making efforts to exit its non-core consumer banking business and sharpen its focus on areas wherein it holds a competitive edge — IB, trading, and asset and wealth management (AWM).
Last November, per the Wall Street Journal report, Goldman received a proposal from Apple to end their consumer banking partnership. Per a January 2025 Reuters report, the collaboration may end before the contract runs out in 2030. The move is expected to affect two consumer banking products that Apple currently offers — Apple Card and Apple Savings account.
In 2024, Goldman finalized a deal to transfer its GM credit card business to Barclays and completed the sale of GreenSky, its home-improvement lending platform. In 2023, the company divested its Personal Financial Management unit.
These moves demonstrate a well-thought-out exit from consumer finance, allowing Goldman to reallocate capital and attention toward higher-margin, more scalable businesses.
This strategic shift is benefiting the AWM division, which now plays a crucial role in the company's long-term growth. AWM is expanding into fee-based revenue streams to help offset the volatility of the IB business. As of March 31, 2025, AWM managed more than $3.2 trillion in assets under supervision, and is experiencing strong momentum in alternative investments and customized wealth solutions for ultra-high-net-worth individuals.
In the first quarter of 2025, Goldman reported significant net inflows into its wealth management platform, providing solid evidence of the segment's increasing market traction and client confidence.
GS maintains a strong balance sheet, with Tier 1 capital ratios well above regulatory requirements. This financial strength allows it to return capital to shareholders aggressively through buybacks and a healthy dividend yield (2.14%).
As of March 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents were $167 billion, and near-term borrowings were $71 billion.
In July 2024, the company increased its common stock dividend 9.1% to $3 per share. In the past five years, it hiked dividends four times, with an annualized growth rate of 23.6%. Currently, its payout ratio sits at 28% of earnings.
Meanwhile, GS's peer JPMorgan raised its dividend five times over the past five years, with a payout ratio of 27%. Morgan Stanley raised its dividend four times over the past five years and has a payout ratio of 43%.
Additionally, Goldman has a share repurchase plan in place. In the first quarter of 2025, the board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing additional repurchases of up to $40 billion of common stock. In February 2023, it announced a share repurchase program, authorizing repurchases of up to $30 billion of common stock with no expiration date. At the end of the first quarter, GS had $43.6 billion worth of shares available under authorization.
Although GS's IB business outlook appears uncertain in the near term, the company is well-positioned for long-term growth. Its leading position in IB and trading, combined with a diversified business model and global presence, provides a strong competitive edge. Its strong liquidity position aids capital distribution activities.
In terms of valuation, the GS stock also looks attractive. The stock is trading at a forward price/earnings (P/E) of 12.06X compared with the industry average of 12.88X. Goldman is also trading at a discount compared with its peers, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley. Currently, JPM and MS have P/E multiples of 13.59X and 13.57X, respectively.
Despite weakness in the IB business, Goldman is expected to register year-over-year growth in 2025 and 2026. This reflects the company's business diversification efforts.
Hence, given its strong fundamentals, investors can consider holding on to Goldman's stock to generate robust returns. The company carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) now. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Why Haven't You Looked at Zacks' Top Stocks?
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
See Stocks Free >>
Media Contact
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
support@zacks.com                        
https://www.zacks.com
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tim Leissner is awaiting sentencing in U.S. after pleading guilty in 2018 for his role in the bribery scandal
Smart Beta ETF report for JPEM
Truist raised the firm’s price target on Leidos (LDOS) to $175 from $155 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares after its Q1 earnings beat. DOGE pressures are beginning to abate as most companies report a minimal amount of lost revenue, the analyst tells investors in a research note. Leidos has also disclosed a “very low in the 1% range” impact from the government efficiency initiatives to date, and the company’s pending cyber acquisition is seen “favorably”, the firm adds. Published first on TheF
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the […]
The company’s practice of moving brokerage clients’ uninvested cash into low-paying sweep accounts was under scrutiny.
This decision reflects a trend among financial institutions to minimize physical branches as customers increasingly opt for online banking.
Goldman (GS) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength […]
Greg Abel, Berkshire Hathaway’s next CEO, does many things well. But will he inspire a movement as Warren Buffett has?
This move comes a day after President Trump signed an executive order to streamline approval processes for domestic plants.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.