Title: Treasuries Join Global Yield Shift With Fed Rate Decision Ahead
Date: 2025-05-07 14:49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/treasury-yields-rise-ahead-fed-084432665.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Bloomberg) -- Treasuries joined most other government bond markets in sending long-term yields lower as trade tensions continue to stoke haven demand.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance Center
Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch
Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future
Is Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?
Ten- to 30-year yields reached session lows during the US morning, led by bigger yield declines in most European government bond markets. Those were spurred in part by reports that the European Commission is set to announce a provisional list of tariffs against the US on Thursday. US short-term yields, meanwhile, pared their increases ahead of Wednesday’s Federal Reserve interest-rate decision.
The US 30-year yield declined as much as four basis points to 4.76%, its lowest level this week. The two-year pared about half of an increase of as much as four basis points. The shrinking gaps between short- and longer-term yields were larger in most European bond markets than in the US.
While US central bank policymakers are expected to leave their target range for the federal funds rate unchanged at 4.25%-4.5% in the decision to be announced at 2 p.m. in Washington, Fed Chair Jerome Powell in a news conference 30 minutes later may shed light on the outlook for rate cuts. Their quarterly forecasts published in March showed a median expectation for two quarter-point reductions by year-end, while derivative markets are pricing in roughly three.
The Fed meeting will “likely shape expectations more than usual as it is the first decision after the reciprocal tariff announcement,” said Erik Liem, a rates strategist at Commerzbank. “Verbal guidance will be key, as markets have postponed expectations” for monetary easing, he said.
US President Donald Trump’s April 2 unveiling of protectionist agenda led economists to forecast slower economic growth and higher inflation in coming quarters. Still, expectations for Fed policy have been volatile in response to mixed US economic data, and central bank officials have said there’s no urgency to cut rates.
For investors, it’s a question of how to weigh the economic pessimism that has been seen in some recent surveys against the resilience in top-tier measures of employment. While US consumer confidence fell in April to an almost five-year low, job creation exceeded all economist forecasts compiled by Bloomberg.
What Bloomberg Strategists Say:
“The Fed may be forced to cut rates this year if tariffs cause a recession. But that could mean accelerating inflation expectations push longer-term yields higher.”
— Simon White, Markets Live macro strategist
Open-interest data point to de-leveraging and position unwinds in short-term interest-rate products after the jobs were released Friday, consistent with liquidation of long positions. JPMorgan’s weekly Treasury client survey released Tuesday found neutral positions remain elevated and close to yearly highs.
Notable Treasury options activity Wednesday morning session included buying of put options on five-year note futures, targeting yields in the sector to climb around 28 basis points by Monday.
“It’s still tough, in my view, to have an especially high conviction call in terms of Treasuries right now,” said Michael Brown, a strategist at Pepperstone. “It remains to be seen which side of the fence bond market participants come down on in terms of the macro impact of tariffs, with downside growth, and upside inflation risks almost as prevalent as each other.”
Long-term Treasuries also have support from strong demand for Tuesday’s auction of new 10-year notes. An auction of new 30-year bonds is set for Thursday.
(Updates yield levels)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott
Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump
Why Juggling IVF With Work Can Be a Career Killer
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Investors grappling with uncertainty over the economic fallout from President Donald Trump's tariffs are facing the likelihood that the chaotic trade backdrop means the path of monetary policy remains up in the air.  The Federal Reserve kept rates steady on Wednesday, as expected, and said the risks of both higher inflation and unemployment had risen, leaving the U.S. central bank in no hurry to take any interest-rate actions for the foreseeable future and rendering the "appropriate response for monetary policy" unclear.  A slowdown has yet to emerge in economic data, but investors are bracing for potential damage from the Trump administration's sweeping tariffs, while the trade backdrop remains in flux as the White House negotiates with trading partners.
President Trump's tariffs have tripped many recession alarms, and economists expect the U.S. could soon experience an economic downturn. Some of the most populous states in the South are the least prepared for a recession, according to a new report.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -The U.S. dollar remained slightly stronger against major currencies including the yen and the euro on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged, in line with market expectations.  The Fed kept its benchmark interest rate steady in the 4.25%-4.50% range, but said that the risks of higher inflation and unemployment had risen and that the U.S. economic outlook remains uncertain.  "They were a little more hawkish than a lot of the market expected and they didn't really change or water down any of the views on inflation being above average or the jobs market selling at a low level," said Marvin Loh, senior global market strategist at State Street in Boston.
“Uncertainty about the economic impact has increased further,” policymakers said in a statement after a two-day meeting.
The Senate Banking Committee voted 13-11 along party lines to pass the nomination to the full chamber. A key Democrat reiterated her concerns over Bowman’s stance on tariffs, mergers and climate.
U.S. stocks ticked higher Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left its main interest alone, as was widely expected, but also warned about rising risks for the U.S. economy.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 284 points, or 0.7%, and the Nasdaq composite rose 0.3%.  Indexes swiveled repeatedly through the day, and the Dow briefly climbed as many as 400 points on hopes that the United States and China may be making the first moves toward a trade deal that could protect the global economy.
Through strategic diversification, innovation and resilient consumer spending, V is well-positioned for long-term growth.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks advanced on Wednesday in choppy trading, buoyed as semiconductor stocks rallied late on a report that regulations on artificial intelligence chips would be loosened.  For most of the session, stocks bounced around, and trading remained choppy after the Federal Reserve kept U.S. interest rates unchanged in a move that market participants expected.  Close to the closing bell, stocks rallied as chipmakers jumped after Bloomberg reported President Donald Trump's administration plans to rescind artificial intelligence chip curbs.
Gold prices on a roller-coaster ride as trade fears lift safe-haven demand, while easing tensions and rising risk appetite affect the metal.
BRASILIA (Reuters) -Brazil's central bank raised interest rates by 50 basis points on Wednesday in a sixth straight hike that pushed borrowing costs to their highest in nearly 20 years, and left future steps open amid global uncertainties and sticky domestic inflation.  The bank's monetary policy committee, known as Copom, raised the Selic to 14.75% in a unanimous decision, matching forecasts from 32 of 35 economists in a Reuters poll.  Policymakers stressed that the current environment calls for a "significantly contractionary monetary policy for a prolonged period" to bring inflation to target, dropping previous language about the need for "a more contractionary" stance.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.