Title: If Wall Street CEOs See a Recession, Their Guidance Isn’t Showing It—Yet
Date: 2025-04-13 14:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/a210e7d6-6628-344d-820b-9ed20c4629cc/if-wall-street-ceos-see-a.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo and Morgan Stanley reported solid earnings results, while BlackRock posted another quarter of record assets. In a pleasant surprise for investors—who in some cases were expecting market-sensitive firms to dial down their earnings forecasts—the companies left their outlooks largely unchanged. Uncertainty abounds.
Investors are more eager to parse management teams’ tones about a potential downturn in their forecasts than first-quarter earnings.
Even for hedge-fund managers, regarded as the smart money on Wall Street, the wild swings in markets have been hard to predict. More on how they've fared since President Trump's "Liberation Day" tariffs ...
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Assuming tariffs are negative for earnings — which is what everyone assumes — this means the E is being distorted higher by stale estimates.
Here's what Wall Street is saying about another chaotic week for markets.
Tariff exemptions for smartphones, PCs, and the other tech products announced by the White House on Friday are only temporary, says Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick.  Appearing on ABC's This Week, Lutnick said Sunday that those products are going to be part of the semiconductor sector tariffs, which are going to be announced in the coming week.  "They're exempt from the recriprocal tariffs but they're included in the semiconductor tariffs, which are coming in probably a month or two," Lutnick said.
The world of cryptocurrencies is new, innovative and ever changing. Depending on the cryptocurrency, if you got in on the ground floor, there's a good chance that you've seen a sizable return on...
TOKYO (Reuters) -Japan must strengthen the yen, such as by helping boost the country's industrial competitiveness, as the currency's weakness has pushed up households' living costs, the ruling party's policy chief said on Sunday.  Ahead of trade talks with the U.S., Itsunori Onodera, chair of the Liberal Democratic Party's Policy Research Council, also said Japan should not intentionally sell its U.S. Treasury holdings, the largest outside the United States, in retaliation against tariffs levied by President Donald Trump.  "As a U.S. ally, the government shouldn't think about intentionally using U.S. Treasury holdings," Onodera told a programme on public broadcaster NHK, rejecting an opposition lawmaker's suggestion that Tokyo use its huge holdings of U.S. government debt as a negotiating tool in bilateral trade talks.
If you have a tax-deferred retirement savings account such as a 401(k), taking earlier or larger withdrawals than required won't directly reduce future mandated distributions. However, since pulling money out now will likely reduce the future balance of your 401(k), it could indirectly reduce the size of the compulsory distributions. That's because these obligatory withdrawals […] The post Do 401(k) Withdrawals Before I Turn 73 Count Toward My RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.