Title: Veteran Investor Says He’d “Kill to Have Nvidia” in the Low $90s
Date: 2025-04-14 16:38
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veteran-investor-says-d-kill-163837555.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Intentionally overdramatizing, Dory Wiley, the CEO of Commerce Street Holdings, told Schwab Network recently, that "You'd kill to buy Nvidia (NVDA)" for prices in the low-$90 range. Wiley believes that Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is quite low, while its valuation is attractive.
During the same segment, Wiley praised JPMorgan (JPM) and its first-quarter results which it recently unveiled.
Wiley has led companies that have been involved with financial markets since 1996, according to his LinkedIn profile.
NVDA's Exposure to Tariffs Is Low, Wiley Says
"Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is less than 5%, some say less than 2%," Wiley stated. Moreover, in the low-$90s, the shares "were on sale," he believes.
Although the stock's decline naturally generates fear, such declines have historically been good buying opportunities, according to the veteran investor.
"Anytime the Vix exceeds 40, there's a 90% chance that you'll make money in the next three years," Wiley told Schwab.  And the average return during that period is 50%-80%, he added.
JPM Reported Good Results, Wiley Said
Asserting that JPM delivered good Q1 results "across the board," Wiley noted that its revenue from equity trading jumped 48% year-over-year, while its earnings climbed significantly. Additionally, its return on tangible equity came in at 7.8%, up from "closer to 5%" in March 2023, he added.
"JPM looks safe and sound," he said.
While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, […]
The U.S. stock market has been extremely volatile since President Donald Trump rolled out hefty tariffs on goods from virtually every country this month, and that wild ride has continued in the wake of his move Wednesday to temporarily hold those new import taxes at 10% for all countries except China, for which he increased them to 145%.  While no investment is a sure thing, here are three reasons why buying Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) stock now could look like a great decision in years to come.  While other companies with exposure to the artificial intelligence (AI) trend might get more attention, Alphabet has a strong position in AI through its cloud infrastructure services and its Gemini chatbot.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Snowflake Inc. (NYSE:SNOW) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new […]
(Bloomberg) -- Wall Street on Monday finally caught a respite from the deep selloffs and unusually sharp swings that have raced through markets ever since President Donald Trump unleashed his global trade war. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThat was most evident in th
Shares of semiconductor giant Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) surged 18.7% on April 9, after President Trump announced a 90-day pause on the higher "reciprocal tariffs."  Investors had long been worried about the U.S. government's decision to impose import tariffs on products from various trading partners.  Since this can lead to rising costs, disruptions in the supply chain, and retaliatory tariffs on American goods, many U.S. stocks saw a dramatic decline in early April 2025.
President Trump claimed that his re-election and tariffs were the reasons why Nvidia announced that it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S.
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining the […]
We came across a bullish thesis on NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) on Substack by Compounding Your Wealth. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on NVDA. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)’s share was trading at $110.93 as of April 11th. NVDA’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.73 and 24.75 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. NVIDIA Corporation has solidified […]
We recently published a list of 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best growth stocks to buy according to billionaires. Can the Stock Market Have a Big Rebound? The stock market has been on […]
Both ABBV and MRK are leading pharmaceutical companies with strong portfolios in oncology and immunology.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.