Title: Bond Rebound Relieves Markets Dazed by Week of Trade Turmoil
Date: 2025-04-14 21:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bond-market-rebound-relieves-markets-200910752.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Wall Street on Monday finally caught a respite from the deep selloffs and unusually sharp swings that have raced through markets ever since President Donald Trump unleashed his global trade war.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
That was most evident in the Treasuries market. US government bonds rebounded from a five-day selloff that last week sent 10-year yields surging by the most in over two decades and fanned fears that an accelerating exodus from the securities would push the financial system toward a crisis.
The relief — however fleeting it may turn out to be — was echoed in the equity market, where major indexes saw modest gains after Trump extended a temporary tariff exemption to imports of smartphones and other electronics and did nothing new to accelerate his conflict with China.
“No news is good news in this environment,” said Adam Phillips, managing director of investments at EP Wealth Advisors.
“We’re not saying the bottoms are in — we’re hopeful they are — but things can flare up at any time. One press conference or post on X could spark new headwinds,” he said. “We’re not in the clear yet.”
The bond market’s recovery pulled down the benchmark 10-year Treasury rate by about 12 basis points to 4.37% as bonds advanced across maturities.
That drop eased concerns that built last week, when a steady rise in yields threatened to deal the economy another hit by pushing up the cost of all kinds of loans. There was speculation it could worsen as Trump undermines confidence in US policy, with some speculating that the Federal Reserve would potentially need to step in.
But yields had risen so much — and so quickly — that by Monday some on Wall Street were seeing it as a chance to buy, especially since bonds will likely gain if the economy stalls and the Fed resumes cutting interest rates rates.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent moved to tamp down concerns about the market in an interview with Bloomberg Television Monday, saying he has tools to steady it, like buybacks, if needed. He also said there’s no evidence that overseas governments are selling their stockpiles of Treasuries.
JPMorgan Asset Management’s Bob Michele, the global head of fixed income, said in an interview on Bloomberg Television that Treasuries may have hit bottom. Barclays Plc said five-year bonds were attractive given the “downside risks.”
“You do appreciate some of the stability in the market,” Vishal Khanduja, head of broader fixed-income markets at Morgan Stanley Investment Management. “These yield levels are compelling for a country that is going into a slower growth environment at best.”
There remains little doubt that Trump’s shifting tariff policies are poised to exert a major drag on the economy by keeping businesses in wait-and-see mode and dampening the confidence of consumers. And Wall Street traders dazed by the rapid-fire reversals in the previous seven days since Trump’s tariff reveal said they have no confidence that the volatility is over with.
The VIX Index — which is known as the fear gauge — remains higher than it was on April 2, even though it has pulled back sharply from recent peaks. A similar gauge for the Treasury market points to continued volatility ahead. And the 10-day realized volatility on the S&P 500 remains at the highest since the early days of the pandemic.
By recent standards, though, the swings on Monday were far less jarring than last week, when the S&P 500 swung more than 10% in a single session. The S&P 500 ended the day up 0.8% after paring its gains late in the trading day.
“What we’ve experienced over the last couple of weeks is it feels like the administration is trying to get its footing on its international trade policy in real time,” said Keith Buchanan, senior portfolio manager at Globalt Investments. “We’re all trying to figure out what the heck is going on.”
--With assistance from Michael Mackenzie and Isabelle Lee.
(Updates to include reference to Bessent interview in ninth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Still, currency markets were a lot calmer in early Asian hours after last week's turmoil that badly bruised the dollar despite a surge in Treasury yields, highlighting the shaky investor confidence in the greenback and U.S. assets.  Market focus has been on the ever-shifting tariff headlines with the U.S. removing smartphones and other electronics from its duties on China over the weekend providing some relief, although comments from President Donald Trump suggested the reprieve is likely to be for a short time.  Trump's imposition and then abrupt postponement of tariffs on goods imported to the U.S. has sowed confusion, adding to the uncertainty for investors and policymakers around the world.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, […]
On Monday, Intel Corp (NASDAQ:INTC) announced plans to sell 51% of its Altera business to Silver Lake at a valuation of $8.75 billion. Intel will own the remaining 49% of the Altera business, enabling it to participate in Altera’s future success while focusing on its core business. Intel also announced that Raghib Hussain will succeed Sandra Rivera as CEO of Altera, effective May 5. Also Read: Taiwan Semiconductor Clocks Massive Q1 Revenue Growth Despite US Tensions The transaction will likely c
Intentionally overdramatizing, Dory Wiley, the CEO of Commerce Street Holdings, told Schwab Network recently, that “You’d kill to buy Nvidia (NVDA)” for prices in the low-$90 range. Wiley believes that Nvidia’s exposure to tariffs is quite low, while its valuation is attractive. During the same segment, Wiley praised JPMorgan (JPM) and its first-quarter results which […]
Taiwan will simulate the impact of any U.S. tariffs on the semiconductor industry and seek talks with Washington on the issue, the island's economy minister said on Tuesday.  The Trump administration is probing the import of chips, along with pharmaceuticals, in a bid to impose tariffs on both on grounds that extensive reliance on foreign production of semiconductors and medicine is a national security threat.  The United States relies heavily on chips imported from Taiwan, a reliance former President Joe Biden sought to end during his term by granting billions of dollars in Chips Act awards to lure chipmakers to expand production in the country.
TOKYO (Reuters) -Global markets are experiencing volatility from uncertainty over U.S. tariff policy but not seeing a huge decline in short-term liquidity, a senior Bank of Japan official said on Tuesday.  Global stock, currency and bond markets have whipsawed due to President Donald Trump's back-and-forth comments on tariffs, with some analysts seeing the recent sharp declines in U.S. Treasuries and the dollar as a sign markets are losing confidence in the safe-have status of U.S. assets.
The filing in federal court in Texas by the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and business groups that brought the case asked U.S. District Judge Mark Pittman in Fort Worth to enter a final order terminating the late fee rule.  Pittman had previously blocked the CFPB from implementing the rule, which was part of Democratic President Joe Biden's broader crackdown on "junk fees,” though Trump’s Republican administration could have defended the rule on appeal.
Investors are looking for solid dividend stocks with volatility returning to the markets.  Coca-Cola (NYSE: KO) has historically weathered recessions well.  It has increased the dividend for 63 consecutive years after recently increasing its quarterly payment by 5% to $0.51.
(Bloomberg) -- As China staggers into a slowdown caused by Donald Trump’s trade war, a hobbled jobs market is impairing the resilience Beijing needs to battle it out against the US.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageTrump’s 145% tariffs on China’s goods are threatening to
Advanced Micro Devices' Chief Executive Lisa Su said on Tuesday that it is ready to start chip production at TSMC's plant in Arizona and will certainly make more AI servers in the U.S.  Su was speaking to reporters at National Taiwan University in Taipei.  U.S. President Donald Trump said on Sunday he would be announcing the tariff rate on imported semiconductors this week, adding that there would be flexibility with some companies in the sector.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.