Title: Traders Bet It Will Take Longer for Fed to Start Cutting Rates
Date: 2025-05-06 20:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/traders-bet-longer-fed-start-203233757.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Bloomberg) — Traders are betting on a slower pace of interest-rate cuts from the Federal Reserve this year, with economic resilience forcing policymakers to remain on hold for longer before easing more sharply in 2026.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance Center
NYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee Law
NJ Transit Strike Would Be ‘Disaster’ for Region, Sherrill Says
Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch
Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future
Just a day ahead of the US central bank’s latest policy decision, money markets are pricing three quarter-point reductions this year, one less than at the start of April. About a half point of additional cuts are expected next year, the most priced in for 2026 at any point in the current easing cycle.
Traders will be scrutinizing comments by Fed Chair Jerome Powell on Wednesday — when the central bank is expected to keep its benchmark rate steady at 4.25%-4.50% — for clues on whether President Donald Trump’s economic policies are prompting any change in policymakers’ view on the timing for further rate cuts. Prior to the customary, pre-decision blackout period, officials urged patience, particularly with higher US tariffs set to fan near-term inflationary pressures.
Market expectations for a cut at the June policy meeting have also faded since Friday, when employment data came in stronger than economists predicted. Monday’s April ISM services data also hinted at economic strength, adding to pressures for front-end yields which are particularly sensitive to monetary policy.
“Unless something bad happens between now and June, it means the Fed doesn’t need to go,” said Kevin Flanagan, head of fixed income strategy at Wisdom Tree. Short-term yields are vulnerable given that the Fed in March had forecast two rate reductions this year, he added.
Traders are also positioning for later rate cuts in options markets. For example, the maturity date of one particular position hedging against deep cuts was just extended for the second time in a couple weeks.
Open interest data from the CME showed a considerable amount of de-leveraging and position unwinds in the front end of the curve after the April payrolls, consistent with liquidation of long positions.
In the cash market, conviction remains light as investors grapple with Trump’s trade policies and their potential impact on central bank policy. Tuesday’s JPMorgan Treasury client survey showed neutral positions remain elevated and close to yearly highs.
Here’s a rundown of the latest positioning indicators across the rates market:
JPMorgan Treasury Client Survey
In the week up to May 5, JPMorgan clients increased long positions by one percentage point, shifting out of neutrals with short positions unchanged. Outright longs are at a three-week high, although neutral positions remain most elevated.
Most Active SOFR Options
Across SOFR options out to the Dec25 tenor, the 95.75 strike was active in the past week due partly to buying of the Jun25 95.9375/95.75 put spread and the Sep25 95.875/95.75/95.6875/95.5625 put condor. The 97.25 strike was also used heavily over the past week, partly due to buying in the Dec25 96.75/97.25 call spread for new risk, where a position of around 75k has now been built.
SOFR Options Heatmap
In SOFR options across Jun25, Sep25 and Dec25 tenors, the most populated strikes remain the 95.625 and 95.75 strikes, helped by large positioning around the Jun25 puts via the SFRM5 95.75/95.625 put spread, which has recently traded. The top three most-populated strikes all contain a large amount of June 2025 put exposure.
Treasury Options Skew
Over the past week options skew on the long-bond futures has favored puts, as traders pay a premium to hedge a selloff in the long-end of the curve versus a rally. In short and intermediate tenors the skew on options continues to favor calls, implying traders are paying a premium to hedge a rally in the front and belly of the curve versus a selloff. The skew reflects the steepening price action seen on the curve, as 5s30s spread topped at 100bp last week and widest since October 2021.
CFTC Futures Positioning
Leverage continues to extend as both asset managers increase net duration longs and hedge funds net duration shorts across Treasury futures, according to CFTC data up to April 29. Asset managers have now increased net duration long over the past 8 consecutive weeks for a combined 1.3 million 10-year note futures equivalents. Over the past five weeks hedge funds have added approximately 1 million 10-year note futures to net short position. In latest week, the biggest shifts were in the 5-year notes where asset manager net long was extended by $7.4m/DV01 while hedge fund net short grew $7.7m/DV01.
—With assistance from Michael Mackenzie.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott
Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump
Why Juggling IVF With Work Can Be a Career Killer
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Restaurant Brands International on Thursday reported first-quarter results mostly below expectations.
(Reuters) -Peloton Interactive raised its 2025 revenue forecast on Thursday but reported a bigger third-quarter loss than expected as the fitness company struggles to recover from a post-pandemic slump, sending its shares down more than 14% in morning trading.  The company saw a slowdown in both equipment sales and subscriptions during the reported quarter as consumers pull back on discretionary spending amid tariff-induced economic uncertainty.  Quarterly revenue from equipment sales fell 27% to $206 million, while it ended the quarter with 6.1 million paid members, down about half a million from last year.
If markets are hoping for some hints from Jerome Powell, the Fed chairman might disappoint.
Berkshire Hathaway's stock price hit a new all-time high on May 2.  Buffett is abstaining from repurchasing Berkshire’s stock despite its swelling cash position.  On May 3, Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.A) (NYSE: BRK.B) reported its first-quarter 2025 results and hosted its annual shareholder meeting in Omaha.
TriplePoint Venture Growth (TPVG) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -10% and 7.90%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Americans are less worried about losing their jobs, according to the latest housing market sentiment survey, though they're not sure it's a good time to sell a home.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.