Title: Meta’s Zuckerberg running out of time to talk Trump into ending antitrust trial
Date: 2025-04-08 17:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/metas-zuckerberg-running-out-of-time-to-talk-trump-into-ending-antitrust-trial-172953747.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Meta (META) CEO Mark Zuckerberg is trying to convince President Trump to halt a high-stakes, government-initiated antitrust trial targeting a breakup of his $1.3 trillion empire. He is running out of time. The trial, set to begin Monday, would pit the social media giant against Trump's Federal Trade Commission, which claims Meta violated antitrust laws by acquiring start-up rival companies such as Instagram and WhatsApp instead of competing with them. The FTC launched the case during Trump's first term. Government prosecutors are seeking a dramatic breakup of the company that owns Facebook, asking for a judge to force Meta to spin off mobile apps Instagram and WhatsApp. Instagram's $32 billion US ad revenue in 2024 represented 48.4% of Meta's total revenue that year, according to Emarketer. Zuckerberg would like to avoid the potentially devastating blow to the company and has made multiple visits to the White House to meet with President Trump and administration officials. The Wall Street Journal, Politico, and the New York Times reported he is trying to settle the case before the trial begins, although the Journal reported the president had not decided whether the administration should settle the case or take Meta to trial. Trump's hand-picked FTC chairman, Andrew Ferguson, has said he would defer to the president's orders on how to proceed against Meta. During a Y Combinator conference in Washington last week, Ferguson said, "I think it’s important for me to obey lawful orders," when asked if he would drop a lawsuit like the FTC's case against Meta at the president's discretion. "I think that the president recognizes that we’ve got to enforce the laws, so I’d be very surprised if anything like that ever happened," Ferguson added. Barry Barnett, an antitrust litigation attorney with Susman Godfrey, doubts that Zuckerberg's overtures will lead the FTC to drop its case. “A settlement looks unlikely,” Barnett said, pointing out the extensive workup that the commission has performed to get the case to trial. Barnett noted the case’s long history with 518 docket entries, the 37 days that the judge set for trial, and the “all-or-nothing nature of the FTC’s case.” Together, Barnett said, the factors suggest a fierce fight will unfold in the courtroom starting April 14. New York University antitrust law professor Eleanor Fox said it's no surprise that Zuckerberg is lobbying to settle the high-stakes case, given the strong incentives for Meta to avoid trial. “I believe the facts are clear that Zuckerberg decided to compromise the competition by vacuuming up emerging promising competitors rather than compete,” Fox said. What’s more, Fox said, is that District of Columbia federal district court Judge James Boasberg agreed that the FTC’s claims were strong enough to go forward with the case after first granting Meta’s motion to dismiss it. Fox added that Zuckerberg has further incentive to lobby for a settlement because the president has made it clear that he is open to dismissal of legal actions in return for promises to support him. A decision by the administration to go forward with a trial could frustrate Zuckerberg’s efforts to curry favor with the new administration. Meta sank a $1 million donation into Trump’s inaugural fund and Zuckerberg attended the inauguration along with other Big Tech CEOs. Before Trump took office, Zuckerberg visited the president’s private Mar-a-Lago club to meet with his transition team. At the heart of the case are claims that Facebook’s acquisitions of Instagram in 2012 for $1 billion and WhatsApp in 2014 for $19 billion, along with smaller technology companies, were carried out in an illegal "buy-or-bury" scheme intended to quash innovators that threatened to outcompete Facebook on mobile devices. "Facebook has systematically tracked potential rivals and acquired companies that it viewed as serious competitive threats,” the FTC alleged, claiming the actions violated Section 2 of the Sherman Act. Fox said she expects Facebook’s 2013 acquisition of the controversial mobile analytics company, Onavo, to be problematic for its defense if it is forced to face trial. Onavo offered Facebook users the benefit of more internet browsing privacy by providing them with a virtual private network (VPN) service. However, at the same time, it gobbled up and analyzed their user data. Facebook shuttered the app in 2019. “I believe it is clear that Facebook bought the application Onavo to identify [promising competitors],” Fox said. The FTC’s original complaint, filed in December 2020, alleged that Facebook used its acquisitions to illegally block rival companies from entering the market for “personal social networking.” At first, Boasberg dismissed the lawsuit, saying the FTC didn't meet its requirement to show that Facebook held monopoly power in the alleged market. Boasberg later accepted an amended complaint that was refiled during former President Joe Biden’s administration by FTC Commissioner Lina Khan. In a court document filed last week, Judge Boasberg emphasized that the FTC’s case isn’t a slam dunk. He pointed out that the agency must first show that Meta did, in fact, hold predominant market share in a relevant product market, protected by barriers to entry. Then, in order to prevail, he said, the FTC would need to show that Meta’s acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp were anticompetitive. WhatsApp's business messaging brought in $1.7 billion in 2024 and grew its business user base in the fourth quarter to more than 530 million daily active users. “If these facts are given the weight they deserve, the main issue will be remedy, not liability,” Fox said. Liability on the FTC’s claims would not automatically force Meta to divest Instagram and WhatsApp. Divestment would depend on a separate phase of the trial where the judge must find a remedy that balances hardships between Meta and its users. Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X @alexiskweed. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance FRANKFURT/LONDON (Reuters) -European pharma companies warned the European Commission president at a meeting on Tuesday that U.S. tariffs would expedite the industry's shift away from Europe and toward the United States.  Pharma trade lobby EFPIA, whose members include European pharma giants Bayer, Novartis and Novo Nordisk, said it had called on EU President Ursula von der Leyen to push for "rapid and radical action" to mitigate the "risk of exodus" to the United States. Wondering how to pick strong, market-beating stocks for your investment portfolio? Look no further than the Zacks Style Scores. We recently published a list of Deep Value Stocks ETFs: Top 10 Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Invesco S&P SmallCap 600 Pure Value ETF (NYSE:RZV) stands against other deep value ETFs to invest in. This year, growth stocks are largely overvalued, trading at massive premiums compared to […] Oil has had a rocky 2025 so far with U.S. oil prices tracking an even bigger decline than that of stocks.  Late Monday, Goldman Sachs analysts forecast that West Texas Intermediate, the U.S. standard, will fall to $58 a barrel by the end of 2025 and hit $51 by Dec. 2026.  WTI futures last traded at $60.99 a barrel, while Brent crude sold for $64.43 a barrel. Global shipments of personal computers rose 9.4% in the first quarter of this year as PC makers boosted consignments to the United States in anticipation of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs, research firm Canalys said on Wednesday.  As higher tariffs on more countries across the globe take effect, both direct and indirect impacts could dampen a recovery in the PC market for the remainder of the year, Canalys said.  Pulling in shipments to the first quarter in anticipation of tariffs "allowed manufacturers and the channel to stock up ahead of potential cost increases, boosting sell-in shipments despite otherwise stable end-user demand," said Ishan Dutt, principal analyst at Canalys. We recently published a list of 13 Best Big Data Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best big data stocks to buy according to analysts. The big data companies focus on collecting, storing, and analyzing huge amounts […] When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
