Title: Nvidia commits $500 billion to AI infrastructure buildout in US, will bring supercomputer production to Texas
Date: 2025-04-14 14:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-commits-500-billion-to-ai-infrastructure-buildout-in-us-will-bring-supercomputer-production-to-texas-143540782.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Nvidia (NVDA) on Monday said it will produce up to $500 billion of AI infrastructure in the US within the next four years as the tech industry looks to bolster its domestic manufacturing footprint in the face of Trump's approach to trade policy and desire to onshore more US heavy industry. As part of this $500 billion commitment to the AI supply chain, Nvidia said it is building two new supercomputer manufacturing plants in Texas in partnership with contract manufacturers Foxconn (2354.TW) and Wistron (3231.TW). Nvidia expects to mass-produce supercomputers at those sites in 12 to 15 months. The chipmaker said its latest Blackwell AI chips are already in production at TSMC's (TSM) plant in Phoenix. Read more: How does Nvidia make money? Nvidia declined to answer questions about which of its products will be built at the supercomputer factories in Texas. The chipmaker's announcement follows commitments from Big Tech firms to bring manufacturing to the US as the Trump administration pursues aggressive tariffs that could have massive cost implications for global tech supply chains. Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs Since Trump took office, Apple (AAPL) has committed to investing $500 billion in the US over the next four years. Contract chip manufacturer TSMC has committed to spending $100 billion over a similar time frame. Microsoft (MSFT) said it would spend $80 billion in 2025, with half of this investment focused on the US. Meta (META) has said the company will spend up to $65 billion in 2025, with a chunk of that cash going toward building a massive data center in Louisiana roughly the size of Manhattan. The White House was quick to tout Nvidia's commitment in a post Monday. Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in the company's announcement: "The engines of the world's AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time." The executive had hinted that Nvidia would increase its US manufacturing capacity in near future during the company's annual GTC event as it looks to avoid tariffs. "We're preparing and we have been preparing to manufacture onshore," Huang told analysts in a call during the company's annual conference on March 19. Trump said on Sunday that he plans to announce a tariff on semiconductor imports "and numerous other things" this week. His commentary came shortly after the administration over the weekend issued reciprocal tariff exemptions for key technology imports, such as GPUs and AI servers. Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Nvidia said it is planning to build AI servers worth as much as $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years with help from partners such as TSMC, the latest American tech firm to back the Trump administration's push for local manufacturing.  Monday's announcement includes production of its Blackwell AI chips at TSMC's factory at Phoenix, Arizona and supercomputer manufacturing plants in Texas by Foxconn and Wistron that are expected to ramp up in 12 to 15 months.  The move aligns the AI chip giant, majority of whose processors are made in Taiwan, with a clutch of tech firms that have pledged to bring manufacturing back to the U.S. amid threats of steep tariffs from President Donald Trump. We recently published a list of the 11 Best Semiconductor Equipment Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ:LRCX) stands against other best semiconductor equipment stocks to buy according to analysts. As per Straits Research, the US semiconductor manufacturing equipment market […] The filing in federal court in Texas by the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and business groups that brought the case asked U.S. District Judge Mark Pittman in Fort Worth to enter a final order terminating the late fee rule.  Pittman had previously blocked the CFPB from implementing the rule, which was part of Democratic President Joe Biden's broader crackdown on "junk fees,” though Trump’s Republican administration could have defended the rule on appeal. The $0.45 per pound surcharge will end May 2, the day the carrier will adjust its charges for clearing sub-$800 imports through customs. Nvidia said Monday that it was partnering with some of the world’s biggest manufacturers to make AI supercomputers in the U.S., potentially on a previously unheard-of scale.  Nvidia said it was producing its most advanced AI chips at a Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing plant in Arizona.  It said it had deals with Taiwanese contract manufacturers Foxconn and Wistron to make AI supercomputers in Texas. Dimon had also offloaded some shares last year in his first such sale since taking over the top role in 2005.  JPMorgan, the largest U.S. lender, last week surpassed its first-quarter profit estimates on record equities trading and higher fees from debt underwriting and advising on mergers.  Dimon's 2024 pay package went up 8.3% to $39 million. It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
