Title: META vs. Pinterest: Which Social Media Stock is a Better Buy?
Date: 2025-04-08 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-vs-pinterest-social-media-190000400.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Meta Platforms META and Pinterest PINS are well-known social commerce providers. Social commerce is a subset of e-commerce, which essentially means using social media platforms to promote and sell products or services. It helps businesses, particularly small and medium-sized, to interact with customers directly, thereby improving reach, engagement and conversion rates. For customers, social commerce not only helps in discovering products but also complete the entire purchase journey without leaving the platform.Per bigcommerce.com, which cited Statista data, social commerce sales are expected to double from $570 billion in 2023 to more than $1 trillion by 2028. eMarketer expects retail social commerce sales to hit roughly $80 billion by 2025 in the United States. These data highlight massive growth opportunities for social media platforms as they continue promoting unique content created by brands, influencers and individuals. The platforms are offering shopping as an experience powered by livestreaming, Augmented Reality and/or Virtual Reality and gaming. Meta Platforms offers a social commerce experience to its users through Facebook and Instagram. According to Shopify, which cited Statista data, 89% of social media marketers prefer Facebook to drive social commerce sales, while one-third of social commerce buyers prefer to buy through Facebook. Instagram, on the other hand, is used by roughly 26% of the global population over the age of 13.Instagram allow users to buy products shown in images and video across the app. Shopping tags and shop tab helps user discover products and purchase them in the platform. Shop tab also allows businesses to place ads. Meta is helping brands and creators to collaborate on Instagram and has expanded the creator marketplace to new international markets including Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the U.K., Japan, India and Brazil.Apart from Facebook and Instagram, Meta Platforms is taking initiatives to promote business over WhatsApp. META has introduced AI tools that help businesses on WhatsApp assist their customers and help them discover new products. Integrated AI helps businesses on WhatsApp create ads on Facebook and Instagram more easily.Meta Verified on Instagram, Facebook and WhatsApp is a popular initiative under which the company offers four subscription plans to help businesses build credibility. All plans include the verified badge, account support and impersonation protection. This boosts consumer trusts and attracts new businesses to the platforms. Pinterest provides a platform to show its users (called Pinners) visual recommendations (called Pins) based on their personal taste and interests. Users then save and organize these recommendations into collections (called Boards).The global user base, measured by Monthly Average Users, hit 553 million in 2024. Pinterest’s tools, including native targeting, personas and interactive insights, are helping businesses target and reach customers. A vast majority of Pinterest searches — 96% — are unbranded, which means shoppers can discover new products, and 80% of weekly Pinners say that they feel inspired by the shopping experience on the platform. PINS is significantly popular among Gen Z, which make up 42% of the global user base. Both Meta Platforms and Pinterest shares have suffered from tech sell-off year-to-date (YTD) due to the escalating trade war situation post-U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to levy tariffs on trading partners, including China, Canada and Mexico. While META shares have lost 11.4% YTD, Pinterest plunged 12.4%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The Zacks Consensus Estimate for META’s 2025 earnings is pegged at $25.62 per share, up by a penny over the past 30 days, indicating a 7.38% increase over fiscal 2024’s reported figure. Meta Platforms, Inc. price-consensus-chart | Meta Platforms, Inc. Quote   However, the consensus mark for PINS’ 2025 earnings has been steady at $1.82 per share over the past 30 days, suggesting 41.09% growth over 2024. Pinterest, Inc. price-consensus-chart | Pinterest, Inc. Quote   META’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the trailing four quarters, while PINS has missed once. Meta Platforms’ average surprise of 13.77% is slightly better than Pinterest’s surprise of 13.24%, reflecting good quality of earnings beat on a consistent basis.Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar. Valuation-wise, both Meta Platforms and Pinterest are overvalued, as suggested by the Value Score of C and D, respectively. In terms of forward 12-month Price/Sales, Pinterest shares are trading at 3.93X, lower than Meta Platforms’ 6.69X. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Meta Platforms dominates the social commerce domain thanks to Instagram and Facebook. The company’s initiatives to offer user and business friendly features is a key catalyst. Although Pinterest is popular among Gen Z, we believe the company has lot to catch-up to improve competitive prowess against META.Currently, Meta Platforms has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), making the stock a stronger pick compared with Pinterest, which has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Pinterest, Inc. (PINS) : Free Stock Analysis Report Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Netflix spends significantly in local economies around the world, and its content is closely watched. That makes harsh trade actions a political liability. The new settings will provide enhanced protections for millions of teen users. As their businesses pulled back on diversity initiatives, a handful of tech executives decried the consequences of diversity, equity, and inclusion policies, or DEI.  Meta Platforms  CEO Mark Zuckerberg said that corporate culture had been “neutered.”  Multiple tech companies, including Meta, removed diversity data from their annual disclosures. Use the IBD Stock Screener to quickly filter through thousands of companies to find stocks that meet your criteria. Based on the average brokerage recommendation (ABR), Pinterest (PINS) should be added to one's portfolio. Wall Street analysts' overly optimistic recommendations cast doubt on the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric. So, is the stock worth buying? The Zacks Focus List offers investors a way to easily find top-rated stocks and build a winning investment portfolio. Here's why you should take advantage. The 7% sell rule is one of the tools nimble individual investors have that larger funds which hold large positions among a wide range of stocks may not. For the week, it was down just 0.6% compared to a 7.9% decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI), a 9.1% sell-off in the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC), and a 10% decline in the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC).  Here's why Coca-Cola is holding its ground and whether the dividend stock seems worth buying now.  This outperformance may come as a surprise given it is a global company. We recently published a list of 9 AI Stocks In Focus: Tariffs and Key Updates. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other AI stocks in focus. President Donald Trump’s new tariff regimes have been introduced under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act. A 10% […] Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
