Title: Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg takes stand in antitrust trial
Date: 2025-04-14 19:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/meta-ceo-mark-zuckerberg-takes-194254042.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Meta (META) is in court defending itself against antitrust allegations made by the Federal Trade Commission. The first day of the trial featured Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg testifying. Yahoo Finance Senior Legal Reporter Alexis Keenan reports the latest. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here. Well, day one is unfolding in the government's high-stakes antitrust trial against Meta's Facebook. The case, which was filed by the Federal Trade Commission during President Trump's first term, seeks to force Meta to sell off Instagram and WhatsApp. And here with the details is Yahoo Finance's very own Alexis Keenan, Alexis. Yeah, so already up on the stand today, first witness out of the box for the FTC, CEO Mark Zuckerberg. So he's testifying right now. Uh, we don't know so much yet about what he's been saying, but he has been asked about network effects. So the fact that buying up Instagram, WhatsApp, and other social media companies helps drive Facebook then's bottom line, of course, now owned by Meta. Now, the FTC in this case, it says that Facebook bought these companies in order to monopolize the market that they're calling personal social networking. They say that they used it to block rivals and that they harm competition. Meta on the other hand says, no, we don't even have a monopoly in social media or the personal social networking market. They say that the FTC's market definition, their baseline, that they've got it all wrong. It's flawed. They say that take a look at the different, um, companies, the social media companies that the FTC is including in the market. So the FTC says included is Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Snapchat, and another LA-based social media company called MeWe. Now, not included, importantly, as if you're arguing for Meta, is LinkedIn, YouTube, Reddit, X, and TikTok. Uh, so TikTok, it launched in 2016, uh, and Meta's up there arguing, certainly in their opening statements, and you got to include these other social media companies in this market, otherwise it just doesn't work FTC. So the judge in this case has has acknowledged that this is an uphill battle for the FTC. Uh, I saw some tweets coming out from Meta's comms executive, Andy Stone, tweeting from the courtroom, part of the opening statement, he was saying that for every single one of the many activities offered on Meta's apps, that it faces vigorous competition, he said. He said, we all compete for time in this market. Another graphic went up too during these statements showing that when that TikTok ban went to into effect very briefly, right? In January, under the executive order from President Biden, uh, that showed that traffic then flowed into Instagram, Facebook, and other social media and off of TikTok. So that's a central part of Meta's argument here. Reportedly, Alexis, reportedly, from what I understand, Zuckerberg has been actually lobbying Trump here, right? Like the president to step in, intercede, settle this case. When you talk to folks, does that come up? Like whether that's at all likelihood that the president would actually step in, step in, even at this stage of the case? Yes. Right. Yeah, in this case, yes. You know, in a lot of things we say are first when it comes to Trump 1.0 or Trump 2.0, I should say. Uh, the antitrust lawyers say, it would almost be irresponsible, perhaps, for Mark Zuckerberg to not make these overtures because Wall Street might say, well, why aren't you doing it? He's cur you need to curry favor with the president because this is how it works. You had the FTC chair and Andrew Ferguson saying, uh, that he's kind of deferring to Trump and that's that's also unusual, right? The FTC is usually thought as an independent body. So yeah, it might be looked at like you're not doing your job, CEO. Yeah, I I totally agree with Meta. And I am long Meta shares, right? So perhaps I have a vested interest. But, you know, when you think about it, to not include LinkedIn or TikTok as social media competitors, I think it's absurd. I think the only reason this thing is a trial right now is because the FTC used to be headed by Lena Khan and she wanted to go after anything that was big and techy because that's where the money is. I am shocked that the new FTC, uh, commissioners didn't drop the case. I just don't, I don't think there's a case here. Well, you have to look back though, this case was originally investigated and brought under Trump 1.0. It was a 2020 case. And it took him five years. Yeah. It's been a long time. Crazy. Yeah. And and also, Meta has made the point that the environment for social media competition has changed so dramatically, as Google has said in its case, because of AI, right? So you inject that into these platforms and everything now, five, six years later looks so different. Could if if Meta loses, Alexis, could Trump step in and tell these commissioners, hey, let let's get a deal done. Let's settle this thing? Yeah, absolutely. And certainly a deal can be made post verdict, even. So in in this case, this is a judge decision. This is not a jury trial. But yes, all all the way up until, I guess, the fat lady sings. Yeah. All right. Alexis, thank you for helping us walk through a complex stuff. Appreciate it. Bristol Myers Squibb stock skidded late Monday, tugging Cytokinetics lower, after Bristol's drug, Camzyos, failed in a heart disease study. The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Monday took the stand during the first day of a trial he hoped to avoid as the tech giant faces off against President Trump's antitrust cops in a case that threatens the $1.3 trillion empire Zuckerberg built. South Korea announced on Tuesday an increase in its support package for the country's vital semiconductor industry to 33 trillion won ($23.25 billion), up about a quarter from a 26 trillion won package unveiled last year.  The measures come in response to calls on the government to expand support at a time of growing policy uncertainty under the current U.S. administration and rising competition from Chinese rivals, the government said in a statement.  South Korea's decision to pump more money into its key chips sector is designed to help companies cope with heavier costs as they compete globally, it said. Hertz said the incident may have resulted in personal data being impacted.  The company said Cleo Communications, a vendor that provides file transfer services, experienced an incident where hackers exploited zero-day vulnerabilities within its platform in October and December.  The affected data could include customers' contact, credit card and driver's license information, Hertz said in a notification on its website, adding that a small number of those may have had their social security or passport information impacted as well. We recently published a list of 12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy For Long-Term Investment. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other tech stocks to buy for long-term investment. On April 1, Chris Verrone, chief market strategist at Strategas Research Partners, appeared on […] A weaker-than-expected revenue report was the news item driving down LVMH Moët Hennessy -- Louis Vuitton's (OTC: LVMUY) American depositary shares (ADS) on Monday.  On Sunday, LVMH published details of its first-quarter revenue, showing that its total top line for the period was just over 20.3 billion euros ($23.1 billion).  Fashion and leather goods, by far its most significant in terms of revenue, was buffeted by a 5% decline from the first-quarter 2024 result, bringing in $11.5 billion. The S&P 500 gained 0.8% on Monday, April 14, 2025, after smartphones and other electronics were exempted from President Donald Trump's "reciprocal" tariffs. The Federal Trade Commission alleges that the company engaged in a ‘systematic strategy’ to eliminate competitive threats in the social media space. Allegro had said in March that a sweetened $35.10 per share offer from Onsemi was "inadequate", just a few months after the smaller chip firm turned down a $34.50 a share proposal.  "We have decided to withdraw our acquisition proposal given the reluctance of Allegro’s Board of Directors to fully engage and explore our proposal," Onsemi CEO Hassane El-Khoury said. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
