Title: The Stock Market Has Crashed: My Top 5 Dirt Cheap Tech Stocks to Buy Now
Date: 2025-04-09 22:10
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/09/the-stock-market-has-crashed-my-top-5-dirt-cheap-t/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=7bbd7b9d-9077-4990-9a95-31eb7f7c1f26&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation. Key Points President Trump's announcement of tariffs on imports from countries worldwide has rocked the stock market -- and the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC 12.16%) has led the decline, crashing more than 20% from its most recent high. Why are tech stocks being hit so hard? These companies rely on production of parts and finished goods in countries around the world, from China to India -- and the companies now will have to pay the new import duties as they bring these items into the U.S. All this has prompted investors to worry about tech earnings ahead, fleeing shares of these companies. As a result, the valuations of many well-established tech players have plummeted, leaving them at dirt cheap prices. Of course, Trump's tariffs represent a risk, and we don't yet know how the situation will play out. But throughout time, solid companies always have been able to manage challenges and go on to recover and grow. It's unlikely the government and tech giants themselves will allow the worst to happen. This means now is a good time for long-term investors to go bargain hunting for stocks that may win over time. Here are my top five dirt cheap tech stocks to buy now, each trading for 23x forward earnings estimates or less. Image source: Getty Images. Nvidia (NVDA 18.34%) is the global leader in artificial intelligence (AI) chips, and this has helped the company generate double- and triple-digit quarterly revenue growth over the past couple of years. We're still in the early phases of AI growth, with, as chief executive officer Jensen Huang says, about $1 trillion of outdated computers to update worldwide -- so a huge growth opportunity lies ahead. The company recently released its latest chip architecture, Blackwell, and demand soared past supply, showing Nvidia's strength in the marketplace. To reinforce its leadership, Nvidia recently shared its roadmap to update chips on an annual basis, with detailed information on advancements to come. While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale! Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 731% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 146%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future! *$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 9, 2025. Today, Nvidia stock trades for 21x forward earnings estimates, down from about 50x just a few weeks ago. This represents a rare opportunity to get in on the leader in a high-growth market for a song -- and investors who seize this chance may thank themselves a few years from now as the AI boom continues. Meta Platforms (META 14.45%) represents another strong bet on the future of AI. The company is known for its social media apps, from Facebook and Messenger to WhatsApp and Instagram -- but today, it's building its presence in AI too. Meta AI, available across its apps, has become the world's most-used AI assistant, and Meta aims to eventually develop AI assistants to help all its users across their needs. Why is this important? These AI assistants will spur us to spend more time on Meta's apps -- and that should encourage advertisers to advertise more there, lifting Meta's revenue. The company announced as much as $65 billion in AI spending this year and aims to build a data center so big that it could cover part of Manhattan. Right now, Meta is trading for 20x forward earnings estimates, down from 29x back in February. This is a great moment to get in on Meta for its long-established leadership in social media and the billions in advertising revenue that it generates -- as well as the company's potential to become an AI giant. Image source: Getty Images. Broadcom (AVGO 18.31%) is a networking powerhouse, producing thousands of products used in a variety of areas -- from data centers to your living room. Revenue has soared in recent times as big cloud service providers (CSPs) scale up their AI infrastructure and come to Broadcom for networking solutions and its XPU chips. Typically, Broadcom's chips are used for networking-related tasks such as managing the flow of data -- this is compared to Nvidia's graphics processing units (GPUs), which generally are used for jobs like the training and inferencing of models. In the most recent quarter, AI revenue jumped 77% to more than $4 billion, and Broadcom expects this positive momentum to continue. Three major CSPs are on track to each reach 1 million XPU clusters in 2027, and Broadcom is working with two other CSPs to help them create AI accelerators tailored to their needs. Broadcom shares trade for 23x forward earnings estimates, down from more than 35x earlier this year. As the AI growth story continues, Broadcom should benefit, making today's price a very reasonable entry point for investors. Oracle (ORCL 12.17%) has seen explosive growth in recent quarters thanks to a platform that offers users its database management expertise and a flexible cloud offering. I say "flexible" because Oracle makes it easy to use its cloud, along with other clouds such as Microsoft's Azure or Amazon Web Services, for example. This has been a winning strategy for Oracle, with multicloud database revenue from Microsoft, Amazon and Alphabet's (GOOG 10.08%) (GOOGL 9.90%) Google Cloud soaring 92% in the recent quarter. Customer demand has reached records, and the company aims to double its data center capacity this year to keep up. Remaining performance obligations, or contract amounts not yet invoiced, of $130 billion offer us reason to be optimistic about revenue ahead too. Today, Oracle trades for 21x forward earnings estimates, down from more than 30x just a few weeks ago, making it another smart bargain addition to any growth portfolio. Alphabet, trading for 16x forward earnings estimates right now, is the cheapest of the "Magnificent Seven" stocks -- the group of tech giants that led market gains over the past two years. As owner of Google Search, the world's most popular search engine, and Google Cloud, a high-growth cloud services provider, Alphabet has built a strong business that generates billions of dollars in earnings quarter after quarter. On top of this, Alphabet is heavily investing in AI and using its own large language model, Gemini, to improve Google Search -- and Alphabet sells Gemini-powered AI tools to customers of Google Cloud. The tech giant, like Meta, recently pledged to reinforce spending in AI this year, announcing $75 billion in capital expenditures, and this could put it on track for long-term AI leadership. And that's why right now Alphabet looks like a steal that long-term investors won't want to miss.     Before you buy stock in Nvidia, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nvidia wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $469,399!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $590,231!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 731% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 146% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor. See the 10 stocks ›  *Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025   John Mackey, former CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Randi Zuckerberg, a former director of market development and spokeswoman for Facebook and sister to Meta Platforms CEO Mark Zuckerberg, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Adria Cimino has positions in Amazon and Oracle. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Nvidia, and Oracle. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom and recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft and short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale! Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 584.94%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!  Continue › *$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 9, 2025. Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card! Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back. Stocks Mentioned  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Related Articles Motley Fool Returns Market-beating stocks from our flagship service. Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/09/2025. Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year. Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns. 
        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
       Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)  Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 584.94%!** While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!  Continue › *$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 9, 2025.