Title: Why Meta's antitrust trial is an 'uphill battle' for the FTC
Date: 2025-04-14 15:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/why-metas-antitrust-trial-uphill-150828555.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Meta's (META) antitrust trial begins on Monday as the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) challenges the company's past acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp, arguing they unfairly cemented Meta's social media monopoly. Chamber of Progress founder and CEO Adam Kovacevich joins Morning Brief to discuss what's at stake and whether divestment is truly on the table. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. Adam, great to speak with you here. Any chance of Instagram, WhatsApp, actually getting divested? Sure, there's a chance. We don't know. I think the judge in this case has said that the FTC has kind of an uphill battle here. Um, they have to do two things. The FTC has to do two things. First they have to prove that meta has a monopoly in what in the relevant market which the FTC has said is personal social networking. The challenge for the FTC with that is they say that market includes Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, company called MeWe, but the FTC says that it does not include LinkedIn, Reddit, X, TikTok, YouTube. And of course meta will push back on that saying that actually the market's much bigger, right? But the second thing that the FTC has to do is they have to prove that meta's acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp helped meta maintain a monopoly position through unfair competition. And as you said like, these are these are 11 year old, 12 year old acquisitions. Uh, in some ways, I think what the government's asking for is a little bit of a do over here of the regulatory approval that they gave, you know, uh, 11 years ago, 13 years ago. What does the government really want in terms of some type of of defining change to how the company operates here? Well, it's pretty clear that they want Instagram and WhatsApp to be spun off from meta. Like that is the clear objective of the case because they are saying that the essentially the the acquisitions of of these companies 11 years ago, 12 years ago, uh gave, you know, meta sort of an unfair position. I think the problem, the most inconvenient fact for the government here is that the FTC looked at both of these acquisitions at the time they were implemented and approved them. And and I think it's important to say, like, these are really small companies at the time they were approved, right? You had, you know, something like Instagram had like three or four million users and WhatsApp had this very small number of users. Now, you know, under meta, they've grown those to hundreds of millions of users, right? So meta's going to say that it provided scope and scale for these services to grow and that that wouldn't have happened if both companies had remained independent. The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up. A weaker-than-expected revenue report was the news item driving down LVMH Moët Hennessy -- Louis Vuitton's (OTC: LVMUY) American depositary shares (ADS) on Monday.  On Sunday, LVMH published details of its first-quarter revenue, showing that its total top line for the period was just over 20.3 billion euros ($23.1 billion).  Fashion and leather goods, by far its most significant in terms of revenue, was buffeted by a 5% decline from the first-quarter 2024 result, bringing in $11.5 billion. Shares have gained more than 50% over the past year on the back of strong quarterly results. Has anybody been watching? Palantir (NASDAQ: PLTR) stock posted big gains in Monday's trading.  The software company's share price closed out the daily session up 4.6% and had been up as much as 9.9% earlier in the session.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite closed out the day up 0.7% and 0.6%, respectively. Apple led the "Magnificent Seven" stocks higher Monday as investors cheered the Trump administration's temporary tariff exemptions for tech products announced over the weekend. Apple, Nvidia and other tech company stocks rebounded on Monday, after the Trump administration said tariffs affecting the electronics industry on products like smartphones are coming later. Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming. The Dow was up about 500 points, or 1.2%, with only three stocks down on the day.  The Nasdaq Composite jumped 1.8%.  At the sector level, tech was leading the way after smartphones, PCs, servers and other technology goods were exempted from the recent round of tariffs—though the Trump administration has teased industry-specific levies. Meta went to court Monday against the Federal Trade Commission in an antitrust case that could force the social media titan to sell off Instagram or WhatsApp. It could change social media as we know it. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
