Title: Is The Coca-Cola Company (KO) the Best Dow Stock?
Date: 2025-05-07 18:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-company-ko-best-185542904.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other Dow stocks.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the US economy and carries great historical significance as well.
It also acts as a reference point for analysts and investors. However, not all stocks within this elite group of companies perform equally. While some thrive on innovation and economic boom, others struggle due to various setbacks and economic trends.
We decided to break down the index and find out the best and worst stocks, looking at what was making them perform unexpectedly this year.
In order to come up with our ranking of the best and worst Dow stocks, we first assigned a rank to each stock based on the number of hedge funds holding the stock. We then looked at the short interest in each stock and assigned the top rank to the company with the least short interest.
We then combined the two ranks to see which stock was the best on average. The list is in ascending order, with the best stock taking the number one spot.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A row of factory workers assembling bottles of sparkling soft drinks on a conveyor belt.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81
Short Interest as of Apr 30, 2025: 0.89%
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) operates as a beverage company. It engages in the manufacturing and sale of different nonalcoholic beverages. The company was in the spotlight as different analysts reacted favorably to its recently released earnings.
BNP Paribas analyst Kevin Grundy highlighted that the firm has an industry-leading portfolio, improved EPS delivery, and market share momentum, which are the main drivers of its bullish thesis. Wells Fargo analyst Chris Carey believes that the Q1 results should soothe investors’ nerves and boost confidence because of the solid margins, top-line growth fueled by volumes, and early confirmation of reiterated 2025 guidance. Moreover, Morgan Stanley analyst Dara Mohsenian believes the strong results confirm that the company is well-positioned for growth among its peers.
The firm has also updated its 2025 guidance. It expects organic revenue to grow by 5% to 6%, along with the comparable currency-neutral EPS growth of 7% to 9%.  However, for the full year, The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) anticipates currency fluctuations to affect revenue by 2% to 3% and EPS by 5% to 6%. The company plans to prioritize local branding campaigns and focus on affordability to meet consumer needs.
Overall, KO ranks 14th on our list of best and worst Dow stocks. While we acknowledge the potential of KO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than KO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Coca-Cola (KO) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Sabre (SABR) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Rediscovers Love For Magnificent 7 & Discusses These 11 Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Hasbro, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer found his […]
We came across a bullish thesis on The Hershey Company (NYSE:HSY) on ValueInvestorsClub by angus309. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on HSY. The company’s shares were trading at $186.36 when this thesis was published, vs. the closing price of $163.28 on Apr 25. HSY manufactures and sells confectionery products and pantry […]
We came across a bullish thesis on Altria Group, Inc. (MO) on Substack by Serhio MaxDividends. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on MO. Altria Group, Inc. (MO)’s share was trading at $60.48 as of May 6th. MO’s trailing and forward P/E were 10.15 and 11.30 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Altria Group, Inc., […]
We came across a bullish thesis on Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) on Substack by Chit Chat Stocks. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on OMAB. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB)’s share was trading at $88.42 as of May 2nd. OMAB’s trailing and forward P/E were […]
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […]
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.