Title: Coca-Cola to change plastic bottle recycling claims in Europe
Date: 2025-05-07 13:44
URL: https://www.just-drinks.com/news/coca-cola-recycling-claims-europe/?.tsrc=rss

The soft drink giant's decision follows a greenwashing complaint submitted two years ago by the European Consumer Organisation (BEUC). 
The Coca-Cola Company has agreed to revise the recycling-related claims displayed on its plastic bottles across Europe following a legal complaint. 
In 2023, a greenwashing complaint was filed by the European Consumer Organisation (BEUC) and its members from 13 countries, the European Commission said.  

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            




The complaint at the time flagged “misleading” recyclability messages used by companies including Coca-Cola bottler Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company, Danone and Nestlé. 
Following the grievance, the Commission said the Coca-Cola Company had “voluntarily” entered discussions with the Consumer Protection Cooperation (CPC) network, led by the Swedish Consumer Agency and the Hungarian Competition Authority, and had agreed to update labels on its bottles with clearer messaging. 
Phrases such as “I am a bottle made from 100% recycled plastic” will be replaced with “This bottle, excluding label and cap, is made from 100% recycled plastic”.  
Labels saying “Recycle me again” will be changed to “Recycle me” to avoid misleading consumers about a fully closed recycling loop, the Commission said.  
Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis.
In a separate statement, Coca-Cola said: “The commitments we have voluntarily aligned with the CPC Network underline our shared ambition of providing clear and factual information about our products to consumers.” 
The Commission said Coca-Cola will also have to “ensure that the overall impression of the label and the marketing is not misleading consumers regarding environmental benefits of the packaging”. 
BEUC director general Agustín Reyna said: “We expect authorities to monitor if Coca-Cola turns their words into deeds and to take strong measures if this is not the case.” 
Coca-Cola said it would implement the changes over the coming months and continue to refine its communications “as the needs of our consumers evolve.” 
Environmental non-profit ClientEarth, which supported BEUC’s 2023 complaint, said the outcome challenges the idea that recycling alone makes plastic bottles environmentally sustainable. 
Kamila Drzewicka, a senior lawyer at the NGO, added the move “should be seen as the floor, not the ceiling – regulators and courts across the EU now have a clear mandate to take action against such practices”.

Nominations are now open for the prestigious Just Drinks Excellence Awards - one of the industry's most recognised programmes celebrating innovation, leadership, and impact. This is your chance to showcase your achievements, highlight industry advancements, and gain global recognition. Don't miss the opportunity to be honoured among the best - submit your nomination today!

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    




Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Just Drinks : Just Drinks Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Drinks & Beverage Industry News | Market Research - Just Drinks

				Powered by
				

© Verdict Media Limited 2025
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

As part of GlobalData's extensive network of websites, this site is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation,  personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services.  Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessiblehere.

We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.  We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website. 

By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’.