Title: Gallaudet University Students Create Global Sign Name for Coca-Cola
Date: 2025-05-08 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gallaudet-university-students-create-global-140000779.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
New Coca-Cola Sign Name Debuts with Reimagined Iconic 1971 "Hilltop" Ad, This Time in American Sign Language and Featuring Gallaudet Students Filmed on Campus
WASHINGTON, May 8, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Gallaudet University, the leading institution in the world for deaf and hard of hearing students, announced today that a group of university students has created and presented The Coca-Cola Company with its own global corporate sign name.
The new name sign debuts with a reimagining of Coca-Cola's iconic 1971 "Hilltop" ad, filmed in American Sign Language with students, faculty and alumni on Gallaudet's Washington, D.C. campus.
Backed by research and input from the university and broader deaf communities, a cohort of Gallaudet students developed the corporate name sign and gifted it today in honor of Coca-Cola's 139th birthday.
The Coca-Cola Company's new global sign name, developed over the past year through Gallaudet's student-led Communications and Marketing Lab, visually represents the iconic soft drink in American Sign Language (ASL), reinforcing the Company's commitment to inclusion and accessibility, and its connection with the global deaf and hard of hearing community.
The visual expression signs out the letters "C-O-K-E" in ASL with an added rhythmic hand motion representing the brand's signature dynamic ribbon.
"It is more than fitting that The Coca-Cola Company is the first global corporation to receive a sign created by students at Gallaudet University," said Storm Smith, Gallaudet University's Director of Storytelling. "We are deeply honored to have partnered with Coca-Cola on this. Our hope is that many other global brands will now follow in Coca-Cola's footsteps, recognizing the extraordinary value a global sign name brings and the importance of creating a stronger connection with our global signing communities."
"Gallaudet came to us wanting to create a name sign as a way to better represent the company and brand in ASL and within the deaf community," said Cameron Mattingly, Director of Stakeholder Partnerships, Coca-Cola North America. "The goal was to create expressions that better reflected our mission to 'Refresh the World and Make a Difference.' Everyone came together to bring this to life in an inclusive way, which speaks volumes about our partnership and shared values."
Reimagining "Hilltop" — Teaching the World to Sign
To highlight the significance of its new sign name, Coca-Cola turned to its iconic 1971 "Hilltop" commercial, a timeless symbol of unity. Filmed on Gallaudet's Washington, D.C. campus, a group of Gallaudet students are joined by staff and alumni to sign the lyrics to "I'd Like to Buy the World a Coke," incorporating the brand's new name sign. When the chorus of the familiar jingle comes around, the film prominently features American Sign Language without the song's audio to capture the essence of the deaf community's communication.
Reimagining "Hilltop" in ASL not only honors the legacy of the original but also reflects The Coca-Cola Company's ongoing commitment to inclusion and accessibility, celebrating Deaf culture, identity, and belonging.
"Coca-Cola is all about inspiring connection and moments of uplift, which this storytelling captures beautifully by paying homage to a classic commercial in an inclusive way for the deaf community," said Nikki Moorer, Coca-Cola Brand Manager.
Gallaudet University's Student-Led Marketing Consulting Practice for Global Brands 
Since its founding in 1864, Gallaudet University has been a pioneering leader in advancing worldwide recognition and prioritization of sign language. Building on its linguistic expertise and cultural leadership, Gallaudet University launched a student-led marketing consulting practice in 2023 to help global brands develop authentic sign names that enhance accessibility and inclusion for deaf and hard of hearing communities.
Coca-Cola's new sign name is the result of an interdisciplinary collaboration by students majoring in Communication Studies, Business Administration, and Linguistics, showcasing how Gallaudet's unique academic model can blend strategy, storytelling, and language to influence brand identity at a global level.
With more than 400 million deaf and hard of hearing people worldwide and an estimated $10 billion global sign language economy, a universal sign name offers brands a powerful marketing opportunity.
Gallaudet University and The Coca-Cola Company's Longstanding Partnership 
Two years ago, Gallaudet began conversations with The Coca-Cola Company about the importance of establishing a corporate sign name. With support from Brandi Rarus, Gallaudet University's Chief Enrollment and Communications Officer, the project moved forward under the creative leadership of Storm Smith, the university's Director of Storytelling. Drawing on her background in advertising, branding, and inclusive marketing, Storm led the development process and invited four Gallaudet students to collaborate over the course of a year.
Together, the team conducted in-depth research, focus groups, and creative testing in collaboration with Coca-Cola executives, resulting in the creation of a new ASL brand sign for the company.
The sign name project is one of many initiatives in a decades-long partnership enjoyed by Gallaudet University and The Coca-Cola Company dating back to the 1980s and including scholarships, career development programs and the original Deaf Way festival in 1989.
Gallaudet University, federally chartered in 1864, is a bilingual, diverse, multicultural institution of higher education that ensures the intellectual and professional advancement of Deaf, hard of hearing and Deafblind individuals through American Sign Language and English.
About The Coca-Cola CompanyThe Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is a total beverage company with products sold in more than 200 countries and territories. Our company's purpose is to refresh the world and make a difference. We sell multiple billion-dollar brands across several beverage categories worldwide. Our portfolio of sparkling soft drink brands includes Coca-Cola, Sprite and Fanta. Our water, sports, coffee and tea brands include Dasani, smartwater, vitaminwater, Topo Chico, BODYARMOR, Powerade, Costa, Fuze Tea and Gold Peak. Our juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverage brands include Minute Maid, Simply, and fairlife. We're constantly transforming our portfolio, from reducing sugar in our drinks to bringing innovative new products to market. We seek to positively impact people's lives, communities and the planet through water replenishment, packaging recycling, sustainable sourcing practices and carbon emissions reductions across our value chain. Together with our bottling partners, we employ more than 700,000 people, helping bring economic opportunity to local communities worldwide. Learn more at www.coca-colacompany.com and follow us on Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn.
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gallaudet-university-students-create-global-sign-name-for-coca-cola-302450068.html
SOURCE Gallaudet University
The Zacks Style Scores offers investors a way to easily find top-rated stocks based on their investing style. Here's why you should take advantage.
Wondering how to pick strong, market-beating stocks for your investment portfolio? Look no further than the Zacks Style Scores.
MNRO made it to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) value stocks list on May 8, 2025.
Bank of America (BAC) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Louis Bacon’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) stands against other stock picks with huge upside potential. Louis Moore Bacon is the founder, Chairman, and principal investment manager of Moore Capital Management, a global […]
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.