Title: 4 Energy Stocks to Gain Despite Oilfield Service Industry Woes
Date: 2025-04-11 13:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/4-energy-stocks-gain-despite-135200464.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
A volatile pricing environment for commodities, driven by rising trade tensions and strict capital management by upstream energy firms, is diminishing the demand for oilfield services, creating a challenging outlook for the Zacks  Oil and Gas- Field Services industry. Companies in this sector must adeptly navigate the evolving landscape of energy transition to succeed. Failing to meet energy transition objectives could adversely impact their cash flow.Among the companies in the industry that are likely to survive the business challenges areSLBSLB,Halliburton CompanyHAL,Baker Hughes CompanyBKR andArchrock IncAROC.
About the Industry
The Zacks Oil and Gas - Field Services industry comprises companies that primarily engage in providing support services to exploration and production players. These companies help in manufacturing, repairing and maintaining wells, drilling equipment, leasing of drilling rigs, seismic testing and transport and directional solutions, among others. Also, the firms help upstream energy players locate oil and natural gas and drill and evaluate hydrocarbon wells. Hence, oilfield services businesses are positively correlated to expenditures from upstream firms. Furthermore, with countries worldwide investing heavily in liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminals, a few oilfield service companies are extending their reach beyond the hydrocarbon fields and capitalizing on contracts for manufacturing equipment used in LNG facilities to decrease carbon emissions.
3 Trends Defining the Oilfield Services Industry's Future
Exposure to Volatile Oil & Gas Prices:The demand for oilfield services is predominantly tied to exploration and production activities as the companies assist the upstream players in effectively setting up oil and gas wells. Given the reliance of oil explorers and producers on a volatile and uncertain commodity pricing landscape, which is currently being affected by the escalating US-China trade war, the business of oilfield service companies like SLB and Halliburton is susceptible to uncertainty.
Lower Upstream Spending:Although the commodity pricing scenario is still favorable for exploration and production operations since the breakeven prices are much lower for existing wells in the shale plays, there has been a slowdown in drilling activities, which may continue as upstream players are prioritizing stockholder returns rather than boosting output. The reduction in drilling activity indicates lower demand for oilfield services, as companies like SLB and Halliburton, which primarily assist upstream operators in setting up oil and gas wells, are adversely impacted by this shift.
Impacts of Failing Energy Transition Goals on Cashflows:The prosperity of companies within the industry hinges greatly on their adeptness in navigating the evolving energy transition landscape. This encompasses the ability of oilfield service providers to efficiently tackle the decarbonization of oil and gas operations while expanding the adoption of inventive, low-carbon and carbon-neutral technologies. Consequently, falling short of energy transition objectives will affect cash flow.
Zacks Industry Rank Indicates Bearish Outlook
The Zacks Oil and Gas – Field Services is a 22-stock group within the broader Zacks Oil - Energy sector. The industry currently carries a Zacks Industry Rank #149, which places it in the bottom 40% of more than 250 Zacks industries.
The group’s Zacks Industry Rank, which is basically the average of the Zacks Rank of all the member stocks, indicates gloomy near-term prospects. Our research shows that the top 50% of the Zacks-ranked industries outperform the bottom 50% by a factor of more than 2 to 1.
Before we present a few stocks that you may consider, let’s take a look at the industry’s recent stock-market performance and valuation picture.
Industry Lags S&P 500 & Sector
The Zacks Oil and Gas – Field Services industry has lagged the Zacks S&P 500 composite and the broader Zacks Oil – Energy sector over the past year.
The industry has plummeted 27.1% over this period against the S&P 500’s rise of 4.7% and the broader sector’s 15.2% decline.
One-Year Price Performance
Industry's Current Valuation
Since oil and gas companies are debt-laden, it makes sense to value them based on the EV/EBITDA (Enterprise Value/Earnings before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortization) ratio. This is because the valuation metric takes into account not just equity but also the level of debt. For capital-intensive companies, EV/EBITDA is a better valuation metric because it is not influenced by changing capital structures and ignores the effect of non-cash expenses.
Based on the trailing 12-month EV/EBITDA, the industry is currently trading at 5.45X compared with the S&P 500’s 15.53X and the sector’s 4.14X.
Over the past five years, the industry has traded as high as 12.87X and as low as 1.10X, with a median of 8.24X.
Trailing 12-Month Enterprise Value-to EBITDA (EV/EBITDA) Ratio
4 Oilfield Services Stocks Trying to Survive Industry Challenges
Archrock
Archrock's acquisition of Total Operations and Production Services (“TOPS”) brings a young, fully electric compression fleet, in turn significantly expanding ARCH’s capacity and improving margins. By retaining the TOPS management team, Archrock, currently sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), has gained valuable expertise in managing electric-driven compression fleets, positioning itself as a leader in the shift toward electrified natural gas compression.
Price and Consensus: AROC
Baker Hughes
With its business footprint spreading across natural gas, LNG (liquefied natural gas), clean energy and mature oilfields, Baker Hughes' long-term prospects look bright. The diverse business portfolio secures BKR with steady earnings even if the operations remain volatile. Importantly, Baker Hughes is strengthening its global presence to secure additional cash flows while expanding to prospective regions like Namibia, Oman and Abu Dhabi. Currently, BKR carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).
Price and Consensus: BKR
SLB
SLB’s diversified business portfolio, leadership in digital technology, and strategic expansions into low-carbon and data center markets position it to sustain its growth and margins, even though upstream investments are moderating. Zacks #3 Ranked SLB also has a strong focus on shareholder returns and running its business efficiently.You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank(Strong Buy) stocks here.
Price and Consensus: SLB
Halliburton
Halliburton, with a Zacks Rank of 3, is a leading oilfield service player with strong cash flow and smart investments in growth areas. While the industry faces ups and downs, its innovations and global reach should keep it ahead of competitors. Notably, HAL has identified four key growth areas comprising drilling technologies, unconventionals, well intervention and artificial lift with the potential to contribute $2.5 to $3 billion in annual revenues within the next three to five years.
Price and Consensus: HAL
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
Schlumberger Limited (SLB) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Halliburton Company (HAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Baker Hughes Company (BKR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Archrock, Inc. (AROC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.