Title: Seeking Clues to Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Q1 Earnings_ A Peek Into Wall Street Projections for Key Me
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 13-15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/seeking-clues-johnson-johnson-jnj-131512923.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Wall Street analysts expect Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) to post quarterly earnings of $2.57 per share in its upcoming report, which indicates a year-over-year decline of 5.2%. Revenues are expected to be $21.66 billion, up 1.3% from the year-ago quarter.
Over the past 30 days, the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been adjusted downward by 0.3% to its current level. This demonstrates the covering analysts' collective reassessment of their initial projections during this period.
Before a company reveals its earnings, it is vital to take into account any changes in earnings projections. These revisions play a pivotal role in predicting the possible reactions of investors toward the stock. Multiple empirical studies have consistently shown a strong association between trends in earnings estimates and the short-term price movements of a stock.
While investors typically use consensus earnings and revenue estimates as indicators of quarterly business performance, exploring analysts' projections for specific key metrics can offer valuable insights.
Bearing this in mind, let's now explore the average estimates of specific Johnson & Johnson metrics that are commonly monitored and projected by Wall Street analysts.
The consensus estimate for 'Sales- MedTech- Total' stands at $8.16 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +4.3% year over year.
The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'Sales- Innovative Medicine- WW' will likely reach $13.49 billion. The estimate suggests a change of -0.5% year over year.
Analysts predict that the 'Sales- MedTech- Surgery- WW' will reach $2.41 billion. The estimate suggests a change of -0.5% year over year.
Analysts forecast 'Sales- Innovative Medicine- Oncology- WW' to reach $5.58 billion. The estimate points to a change of +15.9% from the year-ago quarter.
It is projected by analysts that the 'Sales- Innovative Medicine- Oncology- CARVYKTI- WW' will reach $341.85 million. The estimate points to a change of +117.7% from the year-ago quarter.
The consensus among analysts is that 'Sales- Innovative Medicine- Neuroscience- SPRAVATO- WW' will reach $319.68 million. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +42.1%.
Analysts expect 'Sales- MedTech- Cardiovascular- ABIOMED- WW' to come in at $408.39 million. The estimate suggests a change of +10.1% year over year.
Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'Sales- MedTech- Cardiovascular- Other Cardiovascular- WW' should arrive at $94.89 million. The estimate points to a change of +3.1% from the year-ago quarter.
According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Sales- MedTech- Orthopaedics- Hips- US' should come in at $268.43 million. The estimate suggests a change of -0.6% year over year.
The average prediction of analysts places 'Sales- MedTech- Orthopaedics- Hips- International' at $154.50 million. The estimate suggests a change of +1.6% year over year.
The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'Sales- MedTech- Orthopaedics- Knees- US' of $240.27 million. The estimate suggests a change of -0.7% year over year.
Analysts' assessment points toward 'Organic Sales Growth (Operational growth)' reaching 3.7%. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 3.9% in the same quarter of the previous year.View all Key Company Metrics for Johnson & Johnson here>>>Shares of Johnson & Johnson have demonstrated returns of -7.3% over the past month compared to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -5.3% change. With a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), JNJ is expected to mirror the overall market performance in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Pharma stocks tumbled Thursday after the Trump administration said the delay for reciprocal tariffs doesn't apply to sector-specific tariffs.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Tariff Pain Isn’t Over Yet And Reviews These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer dissected […]
A wild ride in an escalating trade war has torn at Big Pharma’s shares while global markets flag in the back-and-forth winds.
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
Stocks like NVDA, HOOD and IBKR are poised to benefit once the Bitcoin rally resumes.
Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions could translate into further price increase in the near term.
Besides Wall Street's top -and-bottom-line estimates for Fulton Financial (FULT), review projections for some of its key metrics to gain a deeper understanding of how the company might have fared during the quarter ended March 2025.
QuinStreet (QNST) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions may not translate into further price increase in the near term.
Logitech (LOGI) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road.
Investors often look to defense stocks during unpredictable times, and 2025 is no exception. Just months into a new Trump administration, signs point to potentially historic defense spending, as reports suggest a budget near $1 trillion for the Pentagon. Heightened tensions with China, continuing unrest in Eastern Europe, and NATO allies ramping up their military outlays have all contributed to a favorable outlook for the industry. Most recently, a geopolitical spat with China could unleash a th
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
