Title: Johnson & Johnson's New 'Compelling Data' Shows Sustained Symptom Improvement In Muscular Disease Pa
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 18-26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnsons-compelling-data-shows-182632656.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) on Tuesday announced results from additional analyses of the Phase 3 Vivacity-MG3 study and the ongoing open-label extension (OLE), evaluating the long-term efficacy and safety of nipocalimab in a broad population of antibody-positive adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).
Patients treated with nipocalimab plus standard of care (SOC) maintained improvements in their MG-ADL (activities of daily living) and QMG (quantifies disease severity) scores over 84 weeks with sustained reductions in total immunoglobulin G (IgG).
Nipocalimab demonstrated a mean change in MG-ADL of -5.64 (p<0.001) after 60 weeks in the OLE for study participants receiving nipocalimab and SOC, and -6.01 (p<0.001) mean change for study participants who transitioned from placebo and SOC to nipocalimab and SOC.
Also Read: Johnson & Johnson’s Tremfya Shows Efficacy In Late-Stage Psoriatic Arthritis Study
In the antibody-positive population, 45% of patients receiving steroids at the OLE baseline were able to decrease or discontinue steroids at the time of this data cut by more than half of the baseline dose.
Among these patients, the mean dose of prednisone decreased from 23 to 10 mg daily.
Nipocalimab had a consistent and tolerable safety profile throughout the OLE phase.
Additional findings from the Phase 3 Vivacity-MG3 study indicate that patients treated with nipocalimab plus SOC achieved statistically significant improvements in their QMG score by -4.9 versus placebo plus SOC (p<0.001) over weeks 22 and 24.
Patients in the nipocalimab plus SOC treatment group were four times more likely to sustain symptom improvement at 20 weeks than the placebo plus SOC group, as measured by a three- or greater-point improvement on the QMG score.
Results show significantly more patients treated with nipocalimab (36.4%) versus placebo (10.5%, p<0.001) spent greater than 75% of the study duration, demonstrating improvements in the QMG score.
A reduction of more than three points in the QMG score indicates a decrease in the severity of the patient’s symptoms due to improvements in muscle strength, allowing patients to carry out important daily activities such as swallowing and chewing.
Price Action: JNJ stock is down 0.21% at $150.31 at the last check on Tuesday.
Read Next:
Amazon Touts AI Milestone, Says New Model Outshines GPT-4o In Real-Time Speech
Image via Shutterstock
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK. Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
JOHNSON & JOHNSON (JNJ): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article Johnson & Johnson's New 'Compelling Data' Shows Sustained Symptom Improvement In Muscular Disease Patients originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. However, in Oregon, 0% loans are a reality. The governor's office recently announced that the state is issuing loans without interest for developers to build middle-income housing. The incentive, ...
Stock and bond markets suffered on Wednesday after President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs came into effect and China retaliated.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Early retirement is different. Every retirement plan is based on a combination of goals, risks and personal budget. You want to build a portfolio for security, so you never need to worry about money again, while also generating the returns that you need to maintain your lifestyle. Often, this means restructuring your portfolio in retirement […] The post I’m 54 and Retiring Soon. How Should I Structure My $1.6 Million Portfolio? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
