Title: Walgreens, CVS, & US drugmakers make big moves_ What to know
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 14-03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/walgreens-cvs-us-drugmakers-big-140318681.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Walgreens (WBA) stock is rising after the company reported better-than-expected second quarter earnings while preparing for privatization.
Yahoo Finance Senior Health Reporter Anjalee Khemlani highlights the company's cost management strategy, CVS's (CVS) leadership changes amid similar challenges in the retail drug sector, and moves by US drug makers, like Merck (MRK), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), and Eli Lilly (LLY), as they prepare for incoming tariffs.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.
Shares of Walgreens sticking higher this morning after the company reported an earnings beat for the second quarter, as it prepares to go private. Walgreens was the worst performing stock in the S&P 500 in 2024, but has recovered some ground in 2025. Here with more on everything happening around Walgreens Boots Alliance, we've got Yahoo Finance's Anjalee Khemlani. Where do you want to start on, because we've got the earnings, we got the company going private, there's a lot swirling.
Yeah, I know. It's a lot. I'll start with the company going private because that actually shifts how we're gonna be covering earnings, of course, once they go private, but also for right now they've completely cut us off. No, I'm kidding. They don't have an earnings call today. So I don't have additional context for you other than what the numbers say, and that's something, um, that we're gonna have to deal with moving forward. They've also pulled 2025 guidance, and that has not seemed to impact the stock negatively, as you noted it is up today. But let's take a look at the numbers and what they said, beat on the revenue, expected 38, beat with 36 38.6 billion. And then not just did earnings per share at 63 cents rather than 53. Now, wanna look at some of the other numbers, cuz we know that they're still in a cost management mode. So while they have reduced the loss since the quarter last year, uh, CEO Tim Wentworth sent a statement that the strategy to reduce cost is still in play and will take some time and so that's what we're looking at. Uh, loss per share, uh, in total $3.30 versus Q2 of 2024, which was $6.85. So that's something to keep in mind. Meanwhile, um, looking at the decrease, um, in the revenue this year had a little bit to do with tax rate front-end slow stores, slow sales at front of store, but then also, uh, a hit through legal settlements. So 969 million of legal payments, and that is from an old case with Everlywell, a COVID testing company that they had, uh, some disagreements with on how they partnered. And then an and then opioid related settlements still weighing on the company. So that's something to keep an eye on as they continue their trajectory into privatization.
It's, I can't think of a better time to have the excuse of privatization to be able to cut your forward guidance that really works out for Walgreens in this moment. I I do wanna get your take on Julian and another story in your beat that we are monitoring, which is CVS making some leadership changes this morning. What can you tell us?
Yeah. So that's an interesting one, because, um, going from one company to the other, CVS the last one standing in this really large retail drug space, um, the last ryan and having to deal with its own moves. We know that they had to shift through their CEOs, they had a shake up there now, David Joyner is CEO. And so now they're bringing in Brian Newman as the new CFO replacing, uh, Tom Cowey. And so Brian has been at UPS and other retail companies. So that's an interesting fit there, even though we know CVS has done a lot more in the health delivery space. They have a CFO in the retail space there. And then a new executive vice president and Chief Medical Officer, Amy Compton Phillips. Uh, looks like she's gonna be taking over that role from uh, Sricharu who's also taking on who also has another role as, uh, president of healthcare delivery. So a little shift there. So interesting moves right now, as we know the company is, uh, you know, dealing with some of the same pressures that Walgreens was facing in terms of, you know, weakness in front of store sales and just all the changes that are coming down the pike with prescriptions, PBMs, etcetera. So should be interesting to see how this pans out.
You know, investors have heard us talk a lot about healthcare at the start of this year and and and here from fact set is perhaps one of the most important markers of why. Healthcare sector expected to report the highest year of year earnings growth rate of all 11 sectors at 35.8%. You think about the industry and the sector right now, US drug manufacturers, they're planning a lot of shifts right now too. How are they planning for shifts under President Trump's tariffs as well though that are moving for?
We saw this before the tariffs were even announced. We have major companies like Johnson and Johnson, Eli Lilly and Merck announcing multi-billion dollar projects for shifting manufacturing to the US. You can see on your screen the numbers there, Johnson and Johnson with that 55 billion. Eli Lilly, uh, talking about 27 billion for four manufacturing, uh, uh, buildouts in the in the coming years. All of this is a long-term process though. And so in the meantime, in the interim, while these tariffs start to take place, we know that the manufacturing of drugs wasn't heavily hit by tariffs, but there are going to be announcements of, uh, terrorists that do affect pharma and so that's what they're expecting. And so in that interim, these companies have sort of ahead of the curve, tried to make announcements and and curry favor with the administration. We do know that any additional manufacturing like, uh, that already exists here, any capacity that already exists here is really going to benefit getting, you know, that windfall from anyone scrambling to to get their, uh, manufacturing going. It's also interesting to note that, uh, it is very company specific, um, and also pharma subsector specific, because medical devices are still going to be impacted by those tariffs, and that's an a subsector that is trying to work with the administration to come out of impact as well.
Anjali, thank you so much. Really appreciate it. Thanks for joining us.
WBA has retracted fiscal guidance for 2025, given its impending divesture to Sycamore Partners.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Lead Rally Amid Market Bloodbath. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS) stands against other stocks that lead rally amid market bloodbath. The stock market took a battering anew on Tuesday, with all major indices registering steep losses […]
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
