Title: Trump says pharmaceutical tariffs may be coming_ What to know
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-09 14-11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/trump-says-pharmaceutical-tariffs-may-141157823.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Drugmaker stocks, including Eli Lilly (LLY), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Merck (MRK), and Pfizer (PFE), are under pressure on Wednesday after President Trump announced that he may impose tariffs on pharmaceutical imports. Yahoo Finance Senior Health Reporter Anjalee Khemlani joins Morning Brief to break down the details.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.
Well drug makers are falling today after President Trump announced tariffs on pharmaceutical imports could be coming shortly. Yahoo finances, Angeli Camlani is here now with more on the potential levies. Angeli, what can you tell us?
That's right, Manny. We heard from President Trump last night at the National Republican Congressional Committee dinner saying, quote, "We're going to be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals, and when they hear that, they will leave China. They will leave other places because most of their product is sold here." He's right about that last part. The US market is a large one for pharmaceuticals. Um, but there is question, there are questions about which companies will be hit more than others. You can see on your screen some of the stocks that are getting hit, some of the ones that are native to the US and do have manufacturing already set up in the US. We've heard already some of these commit to even further expansion, including Johnson & Johnson with a $55 billion commitment, Eli Lilly with $27 billion, and Merck with about eight billion in recent months, in anticipation of this announcement and of the tariffs. We know that they were exempt from the initial round of tariffs that were hit, uh, hitting country specifically, uh, but we do know that also, um, those that are based in the EU, for example, or in, in Europe in general, have a little bit more concern about the impact of the tariffs. Names like AstraZeneca, GSK, as well as Sanofi are among those that are headquartered overseas, but they do, some of them do have some manufacturing here. Also, questions about, um, the general supply chain of pharma, which includes, you know, active ingredients, which are base formula ingredients from China and other countries versus the fill and finish process, which is the end process that takes place here in the United States. All of it a very complex question for these companies. There are also trade groups in Europe that's already warned the EU that they will see a shift to the US and an outflow of capital if it does not, uh, strengthen its own rules and regulations in the country to kind of encourage companies to stay there. So a lot going on right now. We do now, we don't know the details of any potential tariffs, so we just have to wait and see what those numbers look like in order to know the true impact.
Angeli, thanks so much. Appreciate it.
We came across a bullish thesis on Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Substack by Charly AI. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on MRK. Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK)’s share was trading at $81.91 as of April 9th. MRK’s trailing and forward P/E were 12.15 and 9.10 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Merck […]
Higher demand for LUMN's PCF solutions bodes well, but a debt-laden balance sheet and competition in the AI space remain overhangs.
Elanco Animal Health (ELAN) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions may not translate into further price increase in the near term.
IDEXX (IDXX) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions could translate into further price increase in the near term.
Yes, shares of the pet-product retailer have dropped 11%, to $33.29, since the stock market topped out on Feb. 19.  It’s a painful drop, to be sure, but Chewy stock has held up better than the  which has dropped 12% since its all-time high, partly because consumers are likely to keep spoiling their pets even if they cut spending elsewhere.  Fourth-quarter sales of $3.25 billion grew 7% year over year, excluding the extra week in the quarter, and beat expectations of $3.19 billion, according to the company’s latest earnings report, released in late March.
The CMS announced a hike in MA payments for fiscal year 2026, which will likely deliver a notable boost to UNH & HUM's bottom lines.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
