Tariff exemptions, Goldman Sachs earnings, Meta trial_ 3 Things
2025-04-14 13:11
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/tariff-exemptions-goldman-sachs-earnings-131117733.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Here are three of the stories Wall Street is watching on Monday, April 14.Futures (ES=F, NQ=F, YM=F) are rising after President Trump excluded a number of electronic goods from his reciprocal tariffs.Goldman Sachs (GS) shares are on the rise after posting better-than-expected Q1 results.Meta (META) faces off against the Federal Trade Commission in court.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.Let's get to the three things that you need to know today.First up, stock futures pushing higher this morning amid temporary tariff relief from the White House. The exclusions published late last week narrow the scope of trade levies by excluding smartphones, laptop computers, hard drives, computer processors, and more from President Trump's sweeping tariffs on imports from countries like China and India. Shares of Apple and Nvidia powering higher today on the back of the news despite a warning from Trump that sectoral tariffs will soon hit those exempted technology products.Plus Goldman Sachs shares powering higher after its stock traders posted their highest quarterly revenue haul on record. The bank joining peers like Morgan Stanley and JP Morgan who also posted record trading hauls induced by market volatility. Meanwhile, Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon saying the bank is entering into a very different environment for the second quarter, but he's confident in its ability to serve clients.And Meta's blockbuster antitrust trial kicking off today. The social media company will face off against the FTC in a high stakes trial that could result in the company divesting Instagram and WhatsApp. Kicking off in Washington, it is expected to last weeks and centers around the FTC's allegations that Meta monopolizes the personal social networking market following its acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg and former COO Sheryl Sandberg are expected to take the stand at the trial as they argue that they are not a monopoly.It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...Goldman Sachs  on Monday reported first-quarter profit that beat analyst expectations as tumultuous markets proved a double-edged sword.  The bank’s trading business boomed, benefiting from market swings, while revenue from investment bankers’ advisory work declined.  Goldman’s stock and bond traders took advantage of volatile markets, which can create opportunities for making big bets.We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued […]Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg took the stand on Monday in a historic antitrust trial that could force the tech giant to break off Instagram and WhatsApp, startups it bought more than a decade ago that have since grown into social media powerhouses.  The Federal Trade Commission called Zuckerberg as its first witness, as it seeks to prove that Meta acquired Instagram and WhatsApp to preserve its monopoly in the social networking space.  In opening statements, FTC attorney Daniel Matheson said Meta has used its position to generate enormous profits even as consumer satisfaction has dropped.Goldman Sachs's equity-trading revenue rose 27% from a year earlier to $4.19 billion in the first quarter as stock traders posted their highest quarterly revenue haul on record. Sonali Basak reports on Bloomberg Television.A surge in trading activity fueled by investor uncertainty about President Trump’s policies is minting money for  Goldman Sachs  and other big banks.  The Wall Street firm joined  JPMorgan Chase  and  Morgan Stanley  in reporting a bigger profit for the first quarter, fueled by record revenue in its equities trading and lending unit.  Banks have been raking in fees as investors reposition their portfolios in anticipation of how Trump’s trade and other economic policies might rattle markets.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
