Title: Nike initiated, GM downgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls
Date: 2025-04-15 13:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-initiated-gm-downgraded-wall-133950377.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. The most talked about and market moving research calls around Wall Street are now in one place. Here are today's research calls that investors need to know, as compiled by The Fly.Top 5 Upgrades:  UBS upgraded HubSpot (HUBS) to Buy from Neutral with a price target of $675, down from $775. The firm cites valuation for the upgrade with the shares down 35% since mid-February Barclays upgraded Autoliv (ALV) to Overweight from Equal Weight with a price target of $97, down from $110. With the firm's recommendations shifting to a more defensive positioning, it believes Autoliv can relatively outperform the sector. HSBC upgraded KKR (KKR) to Buy from Hold with a price target of $119, down from $170. The firm says that despite heightened macro uncertainty, it sees opportunities. Needham upgraded Neurocrine (NBIX) to Buy from Hold with a $138 price target. The firm cites its positive physician survey on Crenessity's ramp in congenital adrenal hyperplasia for the upgrade. BofA upgraded DuPont (DD) to Neutral from Underperform with a price target of $75, down from $88. While the firm does see earnings risks to DuPont from trade disruptions, it views the near 30% pullback in the shares in the last two months as excessive. BofA also upgraded Westlake (WLK) to Buy from Neutral. Top 5 Downgrades: Barclays downgraded General Motors (GM) to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $40, down from $70. The downgrade of GM reflects the company's "significant risk" to near-term earnings from tariffs. BofA downgraded PepsiCo (PEP) to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $155, down from $185. Frito-Lay North America's growth is likely to remain below long-term trendline this year and while international segments are scaling and making large contributions to sales and profit growth, it's not enough at this point to make up for slower growth at the North American snacks segment, the firm tells investors. Barclays downgraded Mobileye (MBLY) to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $14, down from $22. The downgrade of Mobileye reflects its thesis that auto tech is at risk of a slower uptake. Baird downgraded Universal Health (UHS) to Neutral from Outperform with a price target of $224, down from $274. The firm sees minimal incremental buyers of stocks in the managed care and healthcare facilities group until the policy overhang clears. Baird also downgraded Tenet Healthcare (THC), Molina Healthcare (MOH), Elevance Health (ELV) and HCA Healthcare (HCA) to Neutral from Outperform. Wells Fargo downgraded Howmet Aerospace (HWM) to Equal Weight from Overweight with a price target of $118, down from $132. The firm cut estimates across the aerospace group, as it thinks a global economic slowdown hits both original equipment makers and the aftermarket. Wells also downgraded Hexcel (HXL) to Equal Weight from Overweight. Top 5 Initiations:  Berenberg initiated coverage of Nike (NKE) with a Hold rating and $58 price target. Within sporting goods, the firm favors incumbents over "challenger brands" given their "deep" franchise values which underpin the long-term sustainability of returns. Benchmark initiated coverage of MercadoLibre (MELI) with a Buy rating and $2,500 price target. MercadoLibre "stands out as a dominant regional leader in the global e-commerce setting," says the firm. Piper Sandler initiated coverage of RxSight (RXST) with a Neutral rating and $18 price target. The firm likes the company's novel light adjustable lens technology and that it plays in the "massive" innovative intraocular lens marketplace, but is taking a "wait-and-see approach." Citi reinstated coverage of Omnicom (OMC) and Interpublic Group (IPG) with Buy ratings and price targets of $103 and $35, respectively. U.S. tariffs will likely hurt U.S. advertising spending, but the firm finds both stocks "very compelling" even with the tariff impact. Needham initiated coverage of Aurora Innovation (AUR) with a Buy rating and $10 price target. The firm says the company is positioned to leverage its Aurora Driver platform and industry partnerships to create the market for autonomous trucking on U.S. highways.  NKE's Jordan Brand Air Rev comes up with Flight Lock technology to bring a customizable system of containment to aid golfers. We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data […] PFE's decision to scrap the development of danuglipron comes after a study participant develops potential drug-induced liver injury. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds. Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it. It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.