Title: Dell stock pops, Pfizer halts GLP-1 pill trial, M&T Bank outlook
Date: 2025-04-14 17:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/dell-stock-pops-pfizer-halts-172944323.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Josh Liptonexamines some of the trending stories for investors to watch as part of today'sMarket Minute.
Dell Technologies (DELL) stock pops as investors weigh a temporary tech tariff exemption.
Pfizer (PFE) has announced that trials for its weight-loss pill are being halted.
M&T Bank's (MTB) first quarter earnings were in line with analyst estimates, though the bank cut its full-year net interest income forecast.
Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, withYahoo Finance's Market Minute.
It's time for your Yahoo! Finance's market minute. US stocks trim gains as investors now await text current reprieve from President Trump's tariffs. Dell among the tech names getting a lift today. That's following exclusion of smartphones, computers and other consumer electronics from Trump's tariffs. However, confusion over the future of tariffs on China and on specific sectors continues to hang overhead. Pfizer announcing it's halting a late stage trial of its GLP1 pill candidate weight loss stocks such as Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly getting a pop as Pfizer pauses its competing pill. And lastly, M&T Bank reporting first quarter results roughly in line with estimates, while looking ahead the bank did slash its net interest income forecast for the full year. However, Piper Sandler noting that guide revision was not surprising. And that's your Yahoo! Finance market minute. For more on what's trending on Yahoo! Finance, scan the QR code below.
The drugmaker said one patient became ill after being treated with its experimental weight-loss drug, danuglipron.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new […]
Apple gets some very good news from the White House and its stock jumps. Apple will be exempt from President Donald Trump's 125% tariffs on goods produced in China. This includes products such as iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, and AirTags. Bloomberg's Mark Gurman says this would have been destructive for Apple and it would have had to raise prices by hundreds of dollars. He's on "Bloomberg Open Interest." 125% tariffs on goods produced in China, including iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, and AirTags, and a 10% tariff on goods imported from other countries has been dropped for those products.
M&T Bank (MTB) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -0.88% and 1.59%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Dell Technologies Inc. (NYSE:DELL) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely […]
Pfizer bows, but is not entirely out of the GLP-1 race.
Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming.
China just played another of the tariff cards it holds in the escalating trade war with President Donald Trump.  It’s the rare-earth metals one.  Beijing is restricting exports of the metals, which are critical for electric vehicles, smartphones, and a host of other technologies.
MTB's first-quarter 2025 results were affected by a rise in non-interest expenses. An increase in NII and fee income offered support.
The Federal Trade Commission says Meta has monopolized the social-media market—and should be broken up.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.