Title: Pfizer Inc. (PFE): “Dead Money… Close the Casket,” Says Jim Cramer
Date: 2025-04-14 16:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-inc-pfe-dead-money-165323179.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar.
On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on new tariffs comes to an end. While discussing the latest Consumer Price Index report, Cramer acknowledged that the numbers looked favorable, with inflation appearing relatively tame and even some categories experiencing actual price declines. He pointed to energy prices, saying, “The best, anything it touched energy, which is plummeting.”
READ ALSO:Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocksand10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently.
“This is essentially an embargo. President Trump’s ecstatic that the tariffs are already taking in $2 billion a day. He’s thrilled that supposedly 75 countries are begging for something more reasonable than the 90-day pause when the 90-day pause comes to an end.”
According to Cramer, President Trump is “ecstatic” that these tariffs are already generating $2 billion a day in revenue and is thrilled about 75 countries “supposedly” asking for something more workable once the 90-day grace period concludes. Despite the seemingly positive revenue flow, Cramer expressed concern over the broader consequences. He pointed out that many Americans have yet to grasp the full impact of trade policies that have allowed foreign businesses to flood U.S. markets with inexpensive products, often pricing out domestic companies.
While many consumers embraced the lower costs, Cramer reminded his audience that it came at the expense of American jobs. “Now we’re going to have to pay a price. He stressed that consumers should be prepared to pay significantly more for a wide range of goods. He said that the additional cost largely will likely benefit foreign companies, which will hike prices in response to the tariffs imposed on them. He clarified his position by stating he is not a staunch advocate of free trade for its own sake. “No other country plays by the rules on trade, so we shouldn’t either,” he said but cautioned:
“We just have to be more thoughtful about this or we’ll end up doing more harm than good. Again, as someone who wants fair trade, not free trade, I am rooting for the president to pull this off, but not at the expense of great American companies that have done nothing wrong and are the best in the world.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 10 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 10. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A medical technician wearing protective gloves and a mask mixing a biopharmaceutical solution.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 92
A caller asked if Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) was a buy or not and Cramer remarked:
“Well, let me tell you something… right now, we have a government that is trying to figure out whether it’s going to tax the heck out of drug companies, raise tariffs outta drug companies or not. I can’t make a prediction anymore. It yields 8%. Normally I say fine, but you know what? Let’s say you decide, you know what, we need big tariffs on Pfizer. You’ll say, wow, I’m buying that stock at 18 rather than 21. So I’m going to have to say, pass.”
Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) focuses on discovering, creating, manufacturing, and supplying biopharmaceutical products. Its work covers areas such as heart health, infectious illness, cancer treatment, immune system conditions, and vaccines. On March 31, Cramer said:
“Is Pfizer dead money? I mean I think it’s been mummified. I don’t know. I mean it’s like, wow. Look at that thing. Close the casket… Alright, Pfizer is unfortunately dead money. Dr. Bourla’s a terrific guy… what can I say? He’s a terrific guy. He’s a terrific guy.”
Overall, PFEranks 1ston our list of stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. While we acknowledge the potential of PFE as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than PFE but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.
Pfizer still has another obesity pill in development, PF-07976016, which is currently in a Phase IIa trial.
↗️ Goldman Sachs (GS): The Wall Street bank posted better-than-expected results, boosted by a surge in equities trading in the first quarter, which ended just before President Trump's sweeping tariffs disrupted markets.
Pfizer (PFE) announced Monday that it is ending development of its daily weight-loss pill following a liver injury to a patient participating in a trial.
After Palantir (PLTR) announced on March 25 that it had made a deal to provide NATO with an AI system meant to boost the alliance’s fighting prowess, Wedbush’s Dan Ives believes that the news is meaningfully positive for PLTR stock. The prominent analyst kept a $120 price target and an Outperform rating on the shares. […]
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining the […]
The drugmaker said one patient became ill after being treated with its experimental weight-loss drug, danuglipron.
We came across a bullish thesis on PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) on Value Investing Subreddit Page by suitupyo. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on PEP. PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP)’s share was trading at $144.43 as of April 11th. PEP’s trailing and forward P/E were 20.78 and 17.42 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. PepsiCo (PEP) is […]
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) will release its first-quarter financial results before the opening bell on Tuesday, April 15. Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at 82 cents per share, up from 76 cents per share in the year-ago period. Bank of America projects quarterly revenue of $26.91 billion, compared to $25.82 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. On April 7, Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck upgraded Bank of America from Equal-Weight to O
Intentionally overdramatizing, Dory Wiley, the CEO of Commerce Street Holdings, told Schwab Network recently, that “You’d kill to buy Nvidia (NVDA)” for prices in the low-$90 range. Wiley believes that Nvidia’s exposure to tariffs is quite low, while its valuation is attractive. During the same segment, Wiley praised JPMorgan (JPM) and its first-quarter results which […]
New York's attorney general sued DailyPay and MoneyLion on Monday, accusing the app-based financial technology companies of exploiting workers by charging excessive fees to collect paychecks more quickly, with effective interest rates above 200% and sometimes topping 750%.  Attorney General Letitia James called the companies predatory payday lenders that obscure the "exorbitant and plainly usurious" fees they charge workers, who hope to bridge gaps between payroll schedules and when bills come due.  James said MoneyLion's $8.99 fee on a $100 two-week advance under the "Instacash" brand name carries an effective annual interest rate of 234%, while DailyPay's $2.99 fee on a $20 seven-day advance carries an effective rate above 750%.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.