Title: Humana reports strong first quarter earnings as Medicare Advantage costs hit the mark
Date: 2025-04-30 11:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/humana-reports-strong-first-quarter-earnings-as-medicare-advantage-costs-hit-the-mark-112011548.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Humana (HUM) reported first quarter earnings that topped Wall Street expectations Wednesday, helping drive shares 5% higher in premarket trading.
The healthcare company beat on adjusted earnings per share of $11.58, compared to Wall Street's estimates of $10.09. Revenue came in at a slight miss of $32.11 billion, just under the consensus of $32.15 billion.
Humana results stayed in line with its own expectations, and it reaffirmed its full-year guidance. The company expects its medical loss ratio — the ratio of premiums taken in versus paid out — to be between 90.1% to 90.5% for the year.
While that is on the higher side of the Affordable Care Act's required threshold of 85%, Humana said that it's confident in its pricing strategies and that the Medicare Advantage spend is in line with expectations.
CEO Jim Rechtin said in on an earnings call Wednesday that the company is doing well with the items within its control.
"The best way to describe where we are in this moment is while there are challenges to navigate, there are no surprises," Rechtin said.
Humana is one of the larger Medicare Advantage providers, and its quarterly report has been on investors' watchlist after UnitedHealth Group's (UNH) earnings miss earlier this month, which was in part related to higher costs in its Medicare Advantage book than expected. That impacted Humana's stock as well, which sank more than 12% on April 17. It did not fully recover from that and was up only about 6% at the end of trading on Tuesday.
Humana has also faced other headwinds in its Medicare Advantage business, including losing the most star ratings among its peers this year. This means it could get lower revenue from Medicare payments and will likely see a loss of members as the plans' ratings go down — the company is currently engaged in a lawsuit over these ratings.
Humana has about 18% of the Medicare Advantage market, while UnitedHealth boasts 29%. The third largest is CVS (CVS) at 12%, with its Medicare Advantage plans under Aetna. CVS reports earnings on May 1.
The company is focused on expanding CenterWell, its health services and mail-order pharmacy business unit. Humana said NovoCare, the online pharmacy for Novo Nordisk (NVO), was chosen as part of Novo's latest effort to dispense the blockbuster weight-loss drug Wegovy directly to cash-paying patients.
Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee as AnjKhem on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest health industry news and events impacting stock prices
Eli Lilly's CEO waved off the Novo Nordisk-CVS GLP-1 formulary deal as he focuses on the future of the company's obesity pipeline.
CVS Health hiked its 2025 forecast above Wall Street’s expectations after improving Medicare benefits contributed to a better-than-expected first quarter.  The health care giant said Thursday that it also got a boost from better star ratings for its Medicare Advantage plans, which are privately run versions of the federal government coverage program.  CVS Health and other health insurance providers have been struggling for several quarters now with rising costs from their Medicare Advantage customers.
(Reuters) -CVS Health raised its full-year profit forecast on Thursday and said it plans to exit the market for Obamacare health insurance plans in 2026, as it seeks to turn around its fortunes after a series of challenges last year.  CVS shares jumped 5% to $69.84 after it raised its 2025 profit forecast to $6 to $6.20 per share from $5.75 to $6 previously.  CEO David Joyner, who took the helm of the healthcare conglomerate in October, has laid out cost-cutting plans and reshuffled the top management to help the company navigate one of the most challenging periods in its six-decade history.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Cigna (CI) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
The National Police Association applauds the order as providing needed support, while civil liberties groups warn of federal overreach and the danger of escalating tensions.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio