Title: 3 things we've learned from healthcare earnings
Date: 2025-05-01 18:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/3-things-weve-learned-healthcare-180401035.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Yahoo Finance Senior Health Reporter Anjalee Khemlani joins the Wealth team in breaking down the biggest themes she is seeing in the healthcare space from this earnings season, ranging from CVS Health's (CVS) earnings beat, trends in health insurance providers, rising medical costs, and the pricing on GLP-1 weight-loss drugs.
Catch Anjalee's coverage of Eli Lilly's (LLY) stock reaction to its earnings print.
Also, watch Yahoo Finance's interview with Oscar Health (OSCR) CEO Mark Bertolini from December 2024, where he characterized the healthcare system as having been "broken for some time."
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here.
CVS is the latest major name in health care to report earnings this season. Joining me now, we've got three key takeaways from the health care earnings so far, with our senior health reporter, Anjali Camlani. All right, so let's break down some of these takeaways here.
Yeah, so, uh, obviously the health care sector is very large. So we'll do a subsector takeaway. I want to focus first on the insurance sector. That's really moving in some different directions than we've seen before. Medicare advantage, which had been a big theme last year and really burdening the companies with costs, hasn't been as much of a factor this year. And so we're seeing after United Health care took a big hit because of its increased utilization. Others like CVS today, as well as Humana yesterday, have said that that is not as much of a hit. So that's good news. I mean, seniors aren't using as much healthcare as they need to. Maybe they've, you know, we've come off of that post-pandemic rush of utilization. So cost should be normalizing there. Meanwhile, the ACA marketplace has seen some exits and companies are touting this as, you know, helping to control costs. But that is bad news for consumers, of course, because the fewer options you have in the marketplace, that means the fewer options you have for being able to choose your own insurance. And that's something that we've seen other insurers, like Oscar Health, which has been a big player in the ACA marketplace, kind of take a look at and talk about the need for more competition. Meanwhile, we've seen the shift, um, a little bit away from that. So, if you want to hear what Oscar Health CEO, Mark Bertolini said in the past, take a listen.
We believe an individual market for every American so they can buy what they need and they want in covering their health care costs is the way to go in the future. But I think that's the way we need to go, and I think that's the new version of health care for Americans versus the 80-year-old version we're living with now.
That 80-year-old version being employer health care. So we're kind of seeing a shift into what's known as Icra. I won't bore you with the details, but there is a little bit of innovation happening in that space. So something for folks to think about when it comes to, you know, the insurance sector. Meanwhile, pharma, you know, that's a big one, and I know, you know, we talked about some of the cuts from some of those biotech firms, but really with tariffs top of mind right now for these companies, the question remains, what will that mean with trickle down? Will that increase cost of drug pricing? Will it increase costs at the hospital in fact? Those are all things that we're waiting to see, especially as medical device makers got hit the most with the existing tariffs. They're working on carve outs to see if that comes through or if they're going to have to endure that pain for the rest of the year and going into next year. Meanwhile, GLP-1 costs a little bit of a drop there, interesting after compounding was taken out of the market. Thanks to the FDA removing these drugs from the shortage list. We've seen the deal, like Novo Nordisk and CVS today, with that formulary plan. And so having CVS choose and prefer Wegovy, which is Novo Nordisk drug over Eli Lilly, is sort of setting the market up for a little bit more competition as we also wait for pill forms to come out. And no news on that on what those cost prices will be. So a lot of up and down movement as you can see. On the tariff point, I also want to remind everyone that we've seen all of these major companies, uh, contribute, or commit rather, uh, upwards of, you know, $1 billion, anywhere from $1 billion to $50 billion and $55 billion in manufacturing commitments and response to those tariffs and hopes that they might not appear.
All right. Well, we will wait and see if they do or don't. Of course, they're waiting for some exemptions, like some other industries have begun to see, and some are still trying to get the ear of the president for. Anjali, thanks so much.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Analysts are Talking About Amid Trump’s Tariff War. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks analysts are talking about amid Trump’s tariff war. Markets saw some glimmer of hope as President Donald Trump indicated […]
American International Group (AIG) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 11.43% and 2.59%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Repare will obtain upfront and near-term payments of $4m and a 10% common equity position from DCx.
QuantumScape's solid-state battery would improve range, cost, and safety.  It is building toward commercialization and has a cash runway until late 2028.  EV maker Lucid has enjoyed five consecutive record quarterly deliveries.
Cardinal Health Inc. (NYSE:CAH) on Thursday reported third-quarter 2025 adjusted EPS of $2.35, up 13% year over year, beating the consensus of $2.17. Sales remained flat at $54.9 billion, missing the consensus of $55.35 billion. Adjusted operating earnings increased 21% to $807 million. Third-quarter sales for the Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment remained unchanged at $50.6 billion. Third-quarter revenue increased by 20%, excluding the impact of the customer contract expiration, dr
Instead of clarity, the "hard" growth data is seen as a distortion or a warning.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for GoDaddy (GDDY) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold dropped to a two-week low on signs of potential trade-talk progress between the US and other nations, quelling demand for a haven despite worries about weakening economies.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Bo
Eli Lilly misses first-quarter estimates for earnings but beats the same for sales. Mounjaro and Zepbound sales beat estimates. Stock declines.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio