Title: UnitedHealth names new CEO of Optum
Date: 2025-04-30 15:19
URL: https://www.healthcaredive.com/news/unitedhealth-new-optum-ceo-patrick-conway/746797/?.tsrc=rss


                
                    
                        Let Healthcare Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
Patrick Conway will replace Heather Cianfrocco, who is being promoted to UnitedHealth’s executive vice president of governance, compliance and information security.
Previous title: Chief executive officer, Optum Rx
UnitedHealth has named Conway the new chief executive officer of Optum, the healthcare behemoth’s health services division.
Effective May 6, Conway will replace Heather Cianfrocco, who is being promoted to UnitedHealth’s executive vice president of governance, compliance and information security, the company announced Tuesday.
The executive changes are meant to help develop a leadership team “with a range of experiences across its diverse portfolio of businesses and in ongoing service to its mission and the people it serves,” UnitedHealth said in a statement.
Conway has been with UnitedHealth for five years, joining in 2020 as CEO of Optum’s care solutions business before being promoted to CEO of Optum Rx in 2023.
Prior to joining the Minnetonka, Minnesota-based company, Conway had a long career in both the public and private health payment sectors, including a stint at the CMS during the Obama administration.
Optum has been a consistent performer for UnitedHealth, even as the company reported fluctuating performance in its health insurance division stemming from rising medical costs over the past year. However, in the first quarter Optum’s results also came in below analysts’ expectations, despite being up 11% year over year to $3.9 billion.
Optum has also struggled with legislative and regulatory scrutiny of its major PBM business and the ramifications of a massive cyberattack last year.
Conway is also stepping up as Optum CEO during a time of public focus on UnitedHealth executives following the killing of UnitedHealthcare’s CEO Brian Thompson late last year.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Regulators’ assessment of customer support centers has spurred recent lawsuits from insurers. But the metric “is going to have a smaller weighting on star ratings moving forward,” the director of Medicare said.
The Biden administration is attempting to push through a slew of reforms to the controversial MA program in its final months in power, though it will need the Trump administration’s buy-in to get them across the finish line.
Subscribe to Healthcare Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Regulators’ assessment of customer support centers has spurred recent lawsuits from insurers. But the metric “is going to have a smaller weighting on star ratings moving forward,” the director of Medicare said.
The Biden administration is attempting to push through a slew of reforms to the controversial MA program in its final months in power, though it will need the Trump administration’s buy-in to get them across the finish line.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines