Title: CVS posts Q1 earnings beat, raises full-year guidance
Date: 2025-05-01 10:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cvs-posts-q1-earnings-beat-raises-full-year-guidance-103035785.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
CVS (CVS) reported first quarter earnings Thursday, beating Wall Street's expectations. The company also raised its full-year 2025 guidance, with adjusted earnings per share now expected in the range of $6 to $6.20, up from $5.75 to $6.
CVS reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.25 compared to Wall Street's consensus of $1.69. Revenue came in at $94.6 billion, compared to estimates of $93.6 billion.
The company's stock was up nearly 7% in premarket trading on Thursday.
The Street had been concerned about Medicare Advantage players, like CVS's Aetna, after UnitedHealth Group's (UNH) miss, in part related to higher-than-expected utilization of Medicare Advantage, which would have extended a concerning trend last year.
But with the improvement in medical loss ratio (MLR) — the ratio of premiums received to claims paid out, mandated to be at 85% by the Affordable Care Act — CVS has helped show the hit to UnitedHealth was a one-off.
CVS reported an MLR of 87.3%, in line with peer Humana (HUM), and a 3% drop from the same period in 2024, when the company reported 90.4%.
The company attributed the improvement to its plans' increased star ratings, awarded last year, which resulted in increased Medicare payments. In addition, CVS has exited the ACA marketplace, which gave it more control over cost management.
Read more about CVS's stock moves and today's market action.
CVS announced two key developments in the hot weight-loss market Thursday, marking a shift from insurers that are ending coverage and employers that have put restrictions on access and coverage.
The first development was placing Novo Nordisk's (NVO) blockbuster GLP-1 drug Wegovy as a preferred drug on its formulary, to the exclusion of competitor Eli Lilly's (LLY) Zepbound, for $499 per month.
"Now that there's adequate supply of both of these GLP-1s, CVS Caremark was able to negotiate Wegovy against Zepbound to determine which manufacturer of these clinically similar products could deliver the greatest overall value and lowest net cost for our clients that choose to participate on our standard commercial formularies," a spokesperson told Yahoo Finance in a statement Thursday.
That means patients will be steered to Wegovy if they are prescribed a weight-loss drug and have CVS Caremark as their pharmacy benefit manager (PBM).
CVS "is taking a formulary action on July 1, 2025 to prefer Wegovy for its members. The company will enhance the value of these new medications by combining them with additional lifestyle clinical support as part of the CVS Weight Management program offered to clients through CVS Caremark," the company said in a statement.
Caremark is one of the largest PBMs in the country, boasting a 27% market share.
The move could help Novo Nordisk, which has recently been lagging behind competitor Eli Lilly, with new prescriptions for weight-loss injectables.
The second major development Thursday was CVS noting it is the first retail pharmacy to partner with NovoCare, Novo Nordisk's online direct-to-consumer platform. To date, Novo Nordisk has partnered with telehealth and online pharmacies — most recently popular platforms Hims & Hers (HIMS) and Ro.
"This will enable CVS Pharmacy to provide convenient, safe and affordable access to Wegovy for eligible patients at its more than 9,000 community health locations across the country," CVS said in a statement.
Anjalee Khemlani is the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee as AnjKhem on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky @AnjKhem.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Eli Lilly's CEO waved off the Novo Nordisk-CVS GLP-1 formulary deal as he focuses on the future of the company's obesity pipeline.
CVS Health hiked its 2025 forecast above Wall Street’s expectations after improving Medicare benefits contributed to a better-than-expected first quarter.  The health care giant said Thursday that it also got a boost from better star ratings for its Medicare Advantage plans, which are privately run versions of the federal government coverage program.  CVS Health and other health insurance providers have been struggling for several quarters now with rising costs from their Medicare Advantage customers.
We recently published an article titled Jim Cramer Listed 20 Best Performing Stocks of the Last 20 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nova Ltd. (NASDAQ:NVMI) stands against the other stocks. Discussing two decades of Mad Money, Jim Cramer took a moment to highlight the top-performing stocks since the […]
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) stands against the other stocks. As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes […]
U.S. manufacturing activity contracted in March after growing for two months straight as President Donald Trump's wave of tariffs eroded business and consumer confidence, impacting demand for Air Products' gases and related services.  The company said volumes were squeezed due to weak global helium demand and the divestiture of its LNG process technology and equipment business.  Air Products, which makes a range of industrial gases including hydrogen, helium and nitrogen, now expects annual adjusted earnings to be between $11.85 and $12.15 per share.
(Bloomberg) -- Shares of Qualcomm Inc., the biggest maker of chips that run smartphones, slid after the company gave a tepid revenue forecast, underscoring concerns that tariffs will hurt demand for its products.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing U
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says AI Data Centers Have Potential & Discusses These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where META stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the […]
Amazon reported first-quarter earnings that topped analysts’ expectations, but its outlook disappointed.
UPS downgraded, ServiceNow upgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls
For the six months ended 31 March 2025, Visa’s net income was $9.7bn, up from $9.55bn in the same period of the previous year.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio