Title: China Suppliers Mock Tariffs With Nike, Lululemon Deals on TikTok
Date: 2025-04-15 00:18
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-suppliers-mock-tariffs-nike-151351512.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- TikTok users in the US are being inundated with videos from Chinese influencers encouraging American buyers to overcome punitive Trump tariffs by buying direct from the “world’s factory” — China.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
Mostly filmed at Chinese factories purporting to supply top US brands from Lululemon Athletica Inc. to Nike Inc., the influencers aim to “expose” how the vast majority of consumer goods are made in the world’s second-largest economy. Many of them provide website URLs and contact details for viewers to order directly from these suppliers. “Why don’t you just contact us and buy from us? You won’t believe the prices we give you,” said one creator selling luxury handbags.
In another video, TikTok creator @LunaSourcingChina, stands outside a factory she says makes Lululemon yoga leggings for $5 to $6 even though they retail in the US for more than $100. “The material and craftsmanship are basically the same,” she says.
A Lululemon spokesperson said the company manufactures about 3% of its finished goods in Mainland China and that authentic products are only available for purchase at Lululemon stores, official websites and authorized partners.
Some of the most popular videos – many uploaded in March but only gaining traction in recent days – have been amplified by a video titled “China exposed the truth” with 8.3 million views and 492,000 likes, as of Monday morning, New York time. The one that reveals the Chinese supplier to Lululemon garnered 2.6 million views and over 215,000 likes, while a “How we bypass tariffs” clip had close to 1 million views and 118,000 likes.
“This campaign appears to be a calculated attempt to undermine President Trump’s tariff policy on China by leveraging TikTok to promote Chinese manufacturing as cheaper, more desirable, and accessible—even in defiance of trade restrictions,” said Alex Goldenberg, senior advisor at the Network Contagion Research Institute at Rutgers University.
While it’s unclear how ordering directly from Chinese suppliers would allow consumers to sidestep the tariff — the duty waiver for small parcels that are sent to American homes is also being scrapped from May 2 — the videos are aimed at undermining the White House narrative that the economic measures are in Americans’ interest.
The levy on Chinese exports is now 145%, while Trump has paused additional tariffs on other countries for 90 days.
The flood of posts also reflects the increased effectiveness of Chinese creators at reaching into the daily lives of ordinary Americans. TikTok’s algorithm, and its ability to influence what information millions of US users see, is one of the main driving forces behind US government efforts to force its Chinese owner ByteDance Ltd. to relinquish control of its international operations. TikTok didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.
Other Chinese social media apps like Xiaohongshu, or Red Note, have also gained popularity among young US users amid uncertainty around access to TikTok.
“These posts are much more confrontational and mocking of the US, rather than showing it as a threat,” said Tom Harper, lecturer in Chinese international relations at the University of East London. They follow a wave of AI-generated images depicting Americans working on assembly lines, Harper added.
Some of the videos directly criticize US trade policies and call on American citizens to take action.
“For decades your government and oligarchs ship your jobs to China, not for diplomacy, not for peace, but to exploit cheap labor and in the process, they hollow out your middle class, crash your working class and told you to be proud while they sold your future for profit,” user @neil778027 said in a video. “Americans, you don’t need a tariff, you need a revolution.”
On Friday, the US announced tariff exemptions on a range of Chinese products including electronics, computers and semiconductors, although it’s not known how long these exceptions will apply. Regardless, they will not affect most of the goods exported by China to the US, including the clothing and accessories produced by Chinese suppliers featured in the TikTok videos.
Many European high-end luxury brands are also featured, but the makers of the videos don’t explain why they are featuring European brands in their pushback against the US.
Another key question raised by the videos is whether the factories have non-disclosure agreements with their international clients and how the videos will potentially affect long-standing business relationships between brands and their manufacturers.
Cameron Johnson, senior partner at Shanghai-based consultancy Tidalwave Solutions, who recently visited the Chinese trading hub of Yiwu, sees it as part of a fundamental shift in purchasing practices for China.
“In the past, you might use a middleman or a trading company to source your products for your deal with quality control or go visit the factory, establish those relationships, and then maybe you would come on occasion,” he told Bloomberg TV. “But now what we’re seeing is just a complete democratization of sourcing products.”
--With assistance from Annabelle Droulers, Daniela Wei, Zheping Huang and Omar El Chmouri.
(Adds comment in seventh paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Nike Inc. (NKE) has found itself caught in the crosshairs of ongoing tariff updates, particularly following the latest round of reciprocal tariffs imposed by the Trump administration. These tariffs,...
We recently published a list of 19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. On April 2, 2025, President Donald Trump declared […]
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.