Title: NIKE, Inc. (NKE)_ Among Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout
Date: 2025-04-16 20:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-inc-nke-among-mid-202406498.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout.
On April 2, 2025, President Donald Trump declared “Liberation Day” and signed Executive Order 14257, imposing a baseline 10% tariff on nearly all U.S. imports, effective April 5. Higher tariffs—ranging from 11% to 50%—were scheduled for 57 countries and territories, including the European Union, China, and Japan. These increased rates were set to begin April 9 but were postponed for 90 days, with the exception of China, which continued to face elevated tariffs.
In April, some insiders took advantage of the dip to buy shares, while others chose to sell. Analyzing insider trading can provide valuable insights: purchases often signal confidence in the company’s future, while sales may reflect personal or diversification choices. Therefore, insider trading should be evaluated in the context of the company’s financial health and overall market conditions.
Today, we’re focusing on stocks that insiders are buying in April. Using Insider Monkey’s insider trading screener, we identified 19 mid- and large-cap companies where at least one insider bought shares between April 2 and April 14. From this list, we ranked the top 19 stocks based on the highest value of insider purchases during this period.
Our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds, focusing on insider trading and stock picks from hedge fund investor newsletters and conferences. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A team of trainers and athletes displaying a wide range of athletic and casual footwear.
Market Cap: $81.79 billion
NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) is a globally recognized and popular brand that designs, markets, and sells athletic footwear, apparel, and equipment under names like NIKE, Converse, and Jumpman. Its products are sold through retail stores, digital platforms, and independent distributors around the world. It is also one of the 10 best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires.
For the third quarter of fiscal 2025, Nike (NYSE:NKE) reported $11.3 billion in revenue, a 9% decline from the previous year. Gross margin also fell by 330 basis points, reaching 41.5%. Wholesale revenues were $6.2 billion, down 7% on a reported basis and down 4% on a currency-neutral basis year-over-year. Net income was $800 million, down 32%, and diluted earnings per share was $0.54, a decrease of 30%.
On April 4, one insider, a director at Nike, Holmes Robert Swan acquired $502,756 worth of Nike shares at an average price of $58.46 per share. With this purchase of 8,600 shares, Swan increased his holdings to 31,983 shares.
According to the 32 analysts, Nike (NYSE:NKE) stock is a “Moderate Buy” with a price target of $86.19 per share. The average price target suggests a potential upside of 55.67% from the latest price.
Overall, NKE ranks 12th on our list of mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. While we acknowledge the potential of NKE, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NKE but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Nike (NYSE: NKE) needs no introduction.  Nike's winning culture has been replaced by a losing track record due to ongoing challenges.  If you're taking a closer look at Nike stock, know that adding the company to your portfolio is only a brilliant move if you believe one thing.
We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US […]
Nike Inc. (NKE) has found itself caught in the crosshairs of ongoing tariff updates, particularly following the latest round of reciprocal tariffs imposed by the Trump administration. These tariffs,...
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Penny Stocks to Invest in Under $1. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Senseonics Holdings, Inc. (NYSEAMERICAN:SENS) stands against other penny stocks to invest in under $1. Earlier on February 12 this year, Chief Investment Officer at Cetera Financial Group, […]
Nike initiated, GM downgraded: Wall Street's top analyst calls
(Bloomberg) -- TikTok users in the US are being inundated with videos from Chinese influencers encouraging American buyers to overcome punitive Trump tariffs by buying direct from the “world’s factory” — China.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageMostly filmed at Chinese fa
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.