Title: GOOGL vs. Reddit_ Which Digital Advertising Stock is a Better Buy_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 19-00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/googl-vs-reddit-digital-advertising-190000479.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Alphabet GOOGL is a behemoth in the digital advertising market in which Reddit RDDT is the latest challenger. Increasing deployment of AI and machine learning are driving content creation, while chatbots and virtual assistants are helping advertisers offer personalized user interactions and content personalization. These benefit both GOOGL and RDDT stocks. Both are expected to benefit from growing digital advertising spending, which, per eMarketer, expects to surpass 80% share of total ad spending in 2025.However, shares of both Alphabet and Reddit have suffered from worsening macroeconomic environment post U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to levy tariffs on trading partners including China, Mexico and China. This is expected to hurt digital advertising spending this year as automotive, fast-moving consumer goods and retail verticals lower spending, per Investing.com that cited analysis from KeyBanc Capital Markets.Year to date, Alphabet shares have lost 16.1%, outperforming Reddit’s plunge of 32.1%.

Image Source: Zacks Investment Research

So, Alphabet or Reddit, which is a better buy under the current scenario?
eMarketer expects Alphabet to generate more than $200 billion in global digital ad revenues driven by Google and YouTube’s ad revenue growth in 2025. In 2024, Alphabet generated 75% of total revenues from online advertising. However, Google’s growth rate is expected to grow modestly.Alphabet generates advertising revenues from Google Search & other, YouTube ads and Google Network, which includes revenues generated on Google Network properties participating in AdMob, AdSense and Google Ad Manager. In 2024, Google advertising revenues increased 11.2% over 2023 to $264.59 billion driven by 13.2% increase in Google Search & other revenues and 14.7% increase in YouTube ads.Alphabet’s initiatives to deploy AI and infuse AI in Search are expected to drive top-line growth. Circle to Search is driving additional Search and is gaining popularity among younger users. Vertex usage increased 20 times in 2024, with strong developer adoption of Gemini Flash, Gemini 2.0, Imagen 3 and Veo. GOOGL recently launched Gemma 3, a collection of lightweight, state-of-the-art open models that can run on a single GPU or TPU.
RDDT’s strong user growth, improved advertising performance across multiple channels, and strong investments in AI-driven tools to enhance its global reach and ad solutions has been a key catalyst. Advertising accounted for 91.2% of Reddit’s 2024 revenues, which totaled $1.3 billion. Total revenues jumped 62% over 2023 driven by an increase in advertising revenues (up 50.3% over 2023) attributed to an increase in impressions delivered.Reddit’s expanding advertising products portfolio is a key catalyst. The AI-powered Headline Generator and Reddit Pro Trends help businesses uncover real-time insights and grow organically on the platform. These tools enhanced the value that Reddit provides to advertisers, attracting customers and retaining existing ones.RDDT continues to evolve its platform with new features aimed at improving user experience and community engagement. In March 2025, Reddit introduced tools to enhance user engagement and simplify posting. These include a post-check to prevent rule violations, post-recovery for retrieving removed content, and clear community info on posting requirements. These updates make it easier for users to follow guidelines and engage with communities without the frustration of accidental rule violations.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for GOOGL’s 2025 earnings is pegged at $8.92 per share, up by a couple of cents over the past 60 days, indicating a 10.95% increase over 2024’s reported figure.
Alphabet Inc. price-consensus-chart | Alphabet Inc. Quote

The consensus mark for Reddit’s 2025 earnings has jumped 39.8% to $1.16 per share over the past 60 days, suggesting 134.83% growth over 2024.
Reddit Inc. price-consensus-chart | Reddit Inc. Quote

Both GOOGL’s and RDDT’s earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in all the trailing four quarters. However, Reddit’s average surprise of 194.08% is better than Alphabet’s surprise of 11.57%, reflecting good quality of earnings beat on a consistent basis.Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.
Valuation-wise, both Alphabet and Reddit are overvalued, as suggested by the Value Score of C and F, respectively. In terms of forward 12-month Price/Sales, Alphabet shares are trading at 5.69X, lower than Reddit’s 10.15X.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Although Alphabet dominates the digital advertising market, Google’s ad growth is expected to grow at a moderate pace. Meanwhile, despite trading at a premium compared with GOOGL, Reddit’s prospects benefit from an expanding advertising business, increasing international reach, and improving the user experience with upgraded search and discovery features. Currently, Reddit has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), making the stock a stronger pick compared with Alphabet, which has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Reddit Inc. (RDDT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
QCOM vs. AMAT: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option?
As markets celebrate Trump's 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs, are Tesla, Amazon, NVIDIA, Alphabet, Amazon, Apple and Meta Platforms stocks worth buying now?
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other AI stocks to watch now. The trade war between two of the world’s biggest economies, China and the US, is deepening even further. In a […]
Follow Buffett's stance of patience amid market slump / uncertainty, if you are a fan of Oracle of Omaha.
Wall Street closed sharply lower on Tuesday, weighed down by the raging tariff war.
Let's find out which auto insurer is a safe investment option, BRK.B or CB.
A Reddit user's daring question on the r/stocks subreddit has sparked hundreds of comments and a heated online debate: Could President Donald Trump's tariff policy be a massive financial scheme benefiting his inner circle? In a post that quickly gained traction, the user wrote: “Is it possible that Trump, his family, and billionaire buddies are benefiting from Trump's tariffs?” The theory suggested Trump might be giving insiders advance notice of tariff announcements, allowing them to sell high,
COIN, TEF and CBNA made it to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) momentum stocks list on April 10, 2025.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
