Title: Trump Trade: Smartphones, computers, chips get break from highest tariffs
Date: 2025-04-15 15:15:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-trade-smartphones-computers-chips-151512534.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Catch up on the top industries and stocks that were impacted, or were predicted to be impacted, by the comments, actions and policies of PresidentDonald Trumpwith this daily recap compiled by The Fly: Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter withTop Smart Score Stocks. Filter, analyze, and streamline your search for investment opportunities usingTipranks' Stock Screener. TARIFFEXEMPTION:According tonew guidancefrom U.S. Customs and Border Protection, PresidentTrumphas exempted smartphones, computers, and other electronic devices and components, including semiconductors, solar cells, flat panel TV displays, flash drives, and memory cards from the reciprocal tariffs imposed on China. White House deputy press secretary Kush Desai said in a statement that Trump “has made it clear America cannot rely on China to manufacture critical technologies such as semiconductors, chips, smartphones, and laptops.” Desai added, “At the direction of the President, these companies are hustling to onshore their manufacturing in the United States as soon as possible.” Dan Ives, head of technology research at Wedbush, told CNBC, “This is the dream scenario for tech investors. Smartphones, chips being excluded is a game changer scenario when it comes to China tariffs.” President Donald Trump stated in a Truth Socialpost, “NOBODY is getting ‘off the hook’ for the unfair Trade Balances, and Non Monetary Tariff Barriers, that other Countries have used against us, especially not China which, by far, treats us the worst! There was no Tariff ‘exception’ announced on Friday. These products are subject to the existing 20% Fentanyl Tariffs, and they are just moving to a different Tariff ‘bucket.’ The Fake News knows this, but refuses to report it. We are taking a look at Semiconductors and the WHOLE ELECTRONICS SUPPLY CHAIN in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations. What has been exposed is that we need to make products in the United States, and that we will not be held hostage by other Countries, especially hostile trading Nations like China, which will do everything within its power to disrespect the American People. We also cannot let them continue to abuse us on Trade, like they have for decades, THOSE DAYS ARE OVER! The Golden Age of America, which includes the upcoming Tax and Regulation Cuts, a substantial amount of which was just approved by the House and Senate, will mean more and better paying Jobs, making products in our Nation, and treating other Countries, in particular China, the same way they have treated us.” BIG RELIEF:JPMorgan lowered the firm’s price target on Apple(AAPL) to $245 from $270 but kept an Overweight rating on the shares, saying the latest updates from the Trump administration late on Friday, exempting smartphones and PCs from reciprocal tariffs, is a “big relief” for Apple. While the exemption will help return investor focus back to some of the company’s medium-term drivers, “several concerns” remain from the developments over the last two weeks, the firm tells investors in a research note. JPMorgan thinks these will “limit investors from immediately turning to any bull case” for Apple.Semiconductortariffs are still to be announced and could impact Apple, adds the firm. JPMorgan updated its estimates for lower demand from the macro slowdown and potential further downside risk on the resumption of tariffs. It forecasts slowing demand from fiscal Q4 into fiscal 2026 and revised its fiscal 2026 and 2027 iPhone volume expectations to 232M and 242M, respectively, from 249M and 255M units prior. DEPORTATION EFFORTS:Prison operatorGeoGroup(GEO)has built a lucrative side business of digital tools to surveil immigrants on behalf of the federal government over the last decade, making it one of the Trump administration’s big business winners amid deportations, the New York Times’ Paul Mozur, Adam Satariano and Aaron Krolikreport, citing legal aid groups and immigration organizations. The company’s ankle monitors, smart watches and tracking apps are aiding the government by providing the locations of unauthorized immigrants to Immigration and Customs Enforcement and legal groups estimate the number of arrests made from the digital monitoring programs is at least in the hundreds. U.S. STEEL:U.S President Donald Trump reaffirmed that he does not believe a foreign company should control U.S. Steel(X), following similar comments he made regarding the $15B takeover bid by Japan’s Nippon Steel(NPSCY), Reuters’ Jeff Mason and Kantaro Komiyareport, citing remarks Trump made to reporters. On Wednesday, Trump stated that he didn’t want to see the company “go to Japan” causing a 7% drop in the company’s stock value. Following the comment, both companies stated they were collaborating with the administration “to secure a significant investment”, however on Sunday, Trump affirmed his stance, saying, “I don’t think a foreign company should control U.S. Steel.” Published first onTheFly– the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news.Try Now>> See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >> Read More on AAPL: Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue Apple upgraded, Wayfair downgraded: Wall Street’s top analyst calls Unusually active option classes on open April 14th Apple price target lowered to $230 from $290 at DA Davidson Morning Movers: Goldman Sachs gains following first quarter results Notable open interest changes for April 14th Apple (AAPL) will effectively develop Apple Intelligence, while “new form factors” will boost the tech giant’s 2026 revenue, Angelo Zino, a senior equity analyst at CFRA Research predicted recently on the Schwab Network. Zino has a $235 price target and a Buy rating on the shares. Apple’s Positive Catalysts The development of Apple Intelligence, which […] The Magnificent Seven stocks rose Tuesday, as Nvidia and Tesla rallied. Amazon and Google dropped on the stock market today. Investors looking for ways to find stocks that are set to beat quarterly earnings estimates should check out the Zacks Earnings ESP. When a Chinese pork producer filed for bankruptcy in 2019, the news came as a jolt to Alan Hill.  The retired Apple executive from Albuquerque had invested about $100,000 last decade in Dalian Chuming Meat Processing through a U.S.-listed holding company, Energroup Holdings.  Chuming had not paid dividends for many years, but it supplied pork to Walmart and had been profitable at least as recently as 2016. Apple's main India suppliers Foxconn and Tata shipped nearly $2 billion worth of iPhones to the United States in March, an all-time high, as the U.S. company airlifted devices to bypass President Donald Trump's impending tariffs, customs data shows.  The smartphone maker stepped up production in India and chartered cargo flights to ferry 600 tons of iPhones to the United States to ensure sufficient inventory in one of its biggest markets on concern Trump's tariffs would push up costs. While consumer sentiment has taken a significant hit, players such as SFM, BJ, CHWY and KR are adapting to changing behaviors for future growth. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.