Title: 1 Wall Street Analyst Thinks JPMorgan Chase Stock Is Going to $260. Is It a Buy_
Date: 2025-04-16 05:42
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/16/1-wall-street-analyst-thinks-jpmorgan-chase-stock/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=77c5ffbb-7816-4755-9828-685f468d7f02&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
One analyst believes JPMorgan Chase (JPM -1.47%) stock isn't the bargain it once was. He substantially lowered his price target on the "Big Four" U.S. bank last week, yet he remains bullish on its prospects. Here's a detail or several about his new take on the company, and whether his positive outlook is warranted.
CFRA's Kenneth Leon published an update on JPMorgan Chase following the bank's unveiling of its first-quarter results Friday morning. As in preceding quarters the lender did well, posting solid year-over-year growth on both the top and bottom lines, and topping the consensus analyst estimates for both.
Yet like the rest of the world's businesses, JPMorgan Chase is currently sailing in unfamiliar waters. This was the crux of Leon's price target reduction, according to reports. The analyst wrote that he was narrowing his equity risk premium on the stock due to the currently high level of global uncertainty around U.S. trade policy.
Nevertheless, Leon was very complimentary about the bank's trailing performance. In his view, all of JPMorgan Chase's businesses demonstrated robust health during the quarter, with its commercial and investment bank division especially benefiting from recent market volatility.
With all this considered, Leon cut his price target to $260 per share, from his former $310. As that's nearly 12% higher than the company's most recent closing level; but he maintained his buy recommendation.
It can be tough to stay bullish on a business so exposed to the whims of the global economy. JPMorgan Chase, though, has a very solid balance sheet and a management team that knows how to earn coin in even the most turbulent times. I think maintaining a bullish stance is the smart move with this stock, and I'd be a buyer at the current discount price.
Before you buy stock in JPMorgan Chase, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and JPMorgan Chase wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $526,499!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 156% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
JPMorgan Chase is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends JPMorgan Chase. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/17/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Join Stock Advisor Now and Save 50%*
Act Fast! Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 662.32%!**
Our brand-new stock recommendation is about to be released to Stock Advisor members. Don't miss your chance to be the first to see it!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 17, 2025.
