Title: NIKE, Inc. Announces Senior Leadership Changes to Accelerate Growth and Drive Win Now Action Plan
Date: 2025-05-05 20:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-inc-announces-senior-leadership-201500601.html?.tsrc=rss

Amy Montagne Becomes President, Nike Phil McCartney Becomes EVP, Chief Innovation, Design & Product Officer Nicole Graham Becomes EVP, Chief Marketing Officer Tom Clarke Becomes Chief Growth Initiatives Officer Heidi O’Neill to Retire BEAVERTON, Ore., May 05, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) announced a series of strategic changes to its Senior Leadership Team (SLT), elevating experienced leaders to accelerate progress against its Win Now action plan to position the company for future growth. Elliott Hill, President and CEO, NIKE, Inc. and Heidi O’Neill, President of Consumer, Product, and Brand, have decided the Consumer, Product, and Brand leadership will now be divided into three distinct areas: Consumer and Sport, Marketing, and Product Creation, inclusive of Innovation and Design. These roles will now report directly to Hill. As a result of these changes O’Neill has decided to retire from Nike after 26 years. She will continue to serve in an advisory capacity until September 2025. "For nearly three decades, Heidi has been a true champion for Nike, for sport and for athletes across the globe. Her vision and dedication over the years have left an indelible mark on Nike and created an impact on the world of sport," said Hill. "Among Heidi’s many successes, she most recently elevated our brand voice, and innovation and product pipeline by putting sport and athletes at the center of everything we do. I want to thank Heidi for her passion, commitment and service and wish her the best on her next adventure." The new Senior Leadership appointments will be effective immediately and include: Amy Montagne, previously VP/GM Global Women’s, has been promoted to President, Nike, responsible for obsessing and serving consumers across all sports and driving future growth for the Nike Brand. Phil McCartney, formerly VP, Footwear, has been promoted to EVP, Chief Innovation, Design & Product Officer responsible for the creation of innovative and coveted product, season-after-season. This includes how Nike, Jordan and Converse innovates, designs, and creates products for athletes around the world. Nicole Graham, previously Chief Marketing Officer, has been promoted to EVP, Chief Marketing Officer, leading Nike, Jordan and Converse storytelling to inspire consumers and shape the brands for distinction through the passion and emotion of sport. Tom Clarke, currently strategic advisor to the CEO and member of the SLT, has assumed the new role of Chief Growth Initiatives Officer. "I’m confident that with this new structure and leadership team in place we will be able to better line up and leverage all the advantages that make Nike great," said Hill. "These exceptional leaders bring extensive Nike experience and have been instrumental in resetting our priorities to lead with sport and put the athlete at the center of everything we do." Background information on key leaders: Amy Montagnehas worked at Nike for 20 years, most recently serving as VP/GM Global Women’s. Previously she held various VP/GM roles, including Asia Pacific and Latin America, Global Men’s, Global Categories, Global Women’s, Global Merchandising, and other leadership positions in North America, Running, Women’s Training, and Sportswear. Before joining Nike, Montagne worked in allocation, planning, and merchandising at Gap Inc., Mervyn’s, and Walmart. She has a deep understanding of the athlete and how Nike can drive operational excellence to serve them effectively. She is recognized for her leadership capabilities and her ability to implement change, foster innovation, and build brand impact. Phil McCartneyis a seasoned professional with 27 years of experience at Nike. He previously served as the VP of Nike Footwear, a position he has held since 2016. Over the past nine years, he has contributed significantly to the growth of Nike by working across product development, design, and merchandising for all sports and Nike Sportswear. Phil is renowned for his ability to build, drive, and inspire teams to achieve product excellence. His diverse career at Nike includes various roles in different geographies and functions. He began his journey as an EKIN in the UK, progressed to product roles in Amsterdam, and ultimately joined Nike World Headquarters in Beaverton. Prior to his tenure at Nike, Phil was a long-distance runner representing Great Britain, which underscores his profound passion for sports. Nicole Grahamhas more than 20 years of experience in Marketing and is a visionary leader experienced at building iconic brands. She re-joined Nike as the CMO in 2023 and has a proven track record of creating world-class marketing for Nike that has energized global sports moments like the Olympics and Paralympics, the World Cup, the NBA Finals and the Super Bowl. In 2020, Nicole co-founded Adopt, a creative agency that partners with athletes, start-ups, and top consumer companies. Prior to that, she spent 18 years at Nike, honing her expertise across all facets of Marketing from sport categories to retail and Nike Direct across global, geo, and key cities. Dr. Thomas Clarkeis a 45-year veteran of Nike. He joined Nike in 1980 as the Director of Biomechanics Research, before going on to serve in roles such as Director of Research and Development; VP, Product, VP, Marketing; and GM, Nike Brand. His first senior leadership role was VP, Footwear and Apparel, and he was President and Chief Operating Officer from 1994-2000. Prior to becoming the strategic advisor to the CEO in 2023, Clarke served as the President of Innovation for Nike for 11 years, overseeing advanced innovation for the company across footwear, apparel, and accessories. He also previously served on the boards for NIKE, Inc., Newell Rubbermaid and Starwood Hotels. About NIKE, Inc. NIKE, Inc., headquartered in Beaverton, Oregon, is the world's leading designer, marketer and distributor of authentic athletic footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories for a wide variety of sports and fitness activities. Converse, a wholly-owned NIKE, Inc. subsidiary brand, designs, markets and distributes athletic lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories. For more information, NIKE, Inc.’s earnings releases and other financial information are available on the Internet athttps://investors.nike.com/. Individuals can also visithttps://about.nike.com/andfollow NIKE onLinkedIn,InstagramandYouTube. View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250505207531/en/ Contacts Media Contact:Media.Relations@nike.com PotlatchDeltic and Worthington Enterprises are part of the Zacks Industry Outlook article. We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […] My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.