Title: Nike price target lowered to $70 from $80 at Telsey Advisory
Date: 2025-05-07 13:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-price-target-lowered-70-133127981.html?.tsrc=rss

Telsey Advisory lowered the firm’sprice targeton Nike (NKE) to $70 from $80 and keeps a Market Perform rating on the shares. The firm believes Nike is still several quarters away from reaching stabilization in the business, but the company is making “the right moves” to clean up its inventory, the analyst tells investors. The company, however, continues to face several structural profit headwinds, causing a lack of visibility into the company’s financial algorithm over the next few years, the firm adds. Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals inTipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter. Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,delivered straight to your inbox. Published first onTheFly– the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news.Try Now>> See Insiders’ Hot Stocks on TipRanks >> Read More on NKE: Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue Nike Announces Major Leadership Restructuring for Growth Nike announces leadership changes; President of Consumer/Product resigns M&A News: Skechers USA Stock (SKX) Leaps 25% After it Ties Up $9B Takeover By 3G Capital Nike only Pershing investment directly impacted by tariffs so far, Ackman says Nike price target lowered to $56 from $64 at JPMorgan Greystone Capital Management, an investment management company, released its first-quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. In the first quarter, the median account return for separate accounts managed by the firm was -7.9%, net of fees. The fund unfavorably and favorably compared to the S&P 500 and Russell 2000 […] Here are the top 15 wealth-creating stocks of the last 10 years. After Palantir (PLTR) reported in-line first-quarter earnings per share and higher-than-expected Q1 revenue, Schwab Network Senior Markets Correspondent Kevin Green said on the network that PLTR’s results were “for the most part really good.” The stock is struggling because the company failed to meet investors’ elevated expectations for the name, he said. Green Notes PLTR’s […] The U.S. dollar has fallen for the fourth straight day, raising concerns about the health of the American economy and the global financial system’s confidence in U.S. policy direction. Disney reported better-than-expected results on both the top and bottom lines.  Disney increased its guidance for the rest of its fiscal year.  Disney surprised investors by handily beating expectations on both the top and bottom lines in its fiscal second quarter. After President Donald Trump suggested levying a 100% tariff on movies and shows made outside America, Citi stated that Netflix (NFLX) has a means of reducing the negative impact of such duties on its financial results. However, the bank, which kept a Neutral rating on the name, warned that the potential tariffs could lower NFLX’s […] We recently published a list of Billionaire John Paulson’s 10 Stocks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks with huge upside potential. John Alfred Paulson is an American billionaire hedge fund manager who founded Paulson & Co. in 1994. It is […] We recently published a list of Billionaire Louis Bacon’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stock picks with huge upside potential. Louis Moore Bacon is the founder, Chairman, and principal investment manager of Moore Capital Management, a […] CIBC analyst Hamir Patel lowered the firm’s price target on Mercer (MERC) to $5 from $6 on lower estimates, while keeping a Neutral rating on the shares. Despite increased uncertainty for global pulp demand given the deteriorating trade relationship between the U.S. and China, the firm notes that Mercer has some of the most modern NBSK pulp mills in the world, assets with growing scarcity value given the large capex requirements facing many Canadian peers, and limited untapped softwood fiber out Shares of  Deckers Outdoor  the worst performer in the  this year through Tuesday, may be close to hitting bottom after a slide of more than 40%.  While investors are worried about how badly President Donald Trump’s tariffs will hurt earnings, the stock’s valuation compared with shares of other footwear companies, and slowing sales growth, analysts see reason for optimism.  Deckers makes both Hoka running shoes and UGG boots.