Title: Apple airlifted 600 tons of iPhones to the U.S. to try to beat Trump’s tariffs as customers scramble to secure devices before possible price increases
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 18-24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-airlifted-600-tons-iphones-182439292.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple moved 600 tons of iPhones to the U.S. from India to shore up its supply in anticipation of tariffs. The company produces most of the supply of its marquee product, the iPhone, in China, but has recently increased production in India.
With tariff threats looming over Apple’s popular iPhone, the company has taken proactive measures to secure its supply, including airlifting literal tons of its signature product to the U.S. and upping its production in India.
As high tariffs were set to hit some of its biggest suppliers, including China, India, and Vietnam, Apple chartered cargo flights to fly 600 tons, or about 1.5 million iPhones, to the U.S., Reuters reported, citing anonymous sources.
Since March, about six planes with 100-ton capacities have flown iPhones from India to the U.S., according to an anonymous source and an Indian government official, Reuters reported.
The company also lobbied Indian airport authorities to cut down customs to six hours from a usual 30 hours at Chennai International Airport in southern India to speed up the airlift, one source added.
Apple “wanted to beat the tariff,” the source told Reuters.
The company did not immediately respond to Fortune’s request for comment.
Apple is also increasing production at its iPhone plants in India by adding workers and opening the largest factory from Foxconn, Apple’s chief supplier, on Sundays, which is usually a rest day, three sources told Reuters.
Over the years, Apple has shifted some production to India as the U.S. and China have ramped up tensions. The company assembled as much as 14% of its iPhones in India in 2024, Bloomberg reported.
On Wednesday, President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on the steep tariffs announced during “Liberation Day” and instituted a universal 10% tariff effective immediately. The steeper tariffs would have directly affected several countries from which Apple imports its products, including India and Vietnam.
The announcement shot up Apple’s shares 15% in a day, giving the stock some relief from four straight days of losses and a $700 billion market-cap plunge.
Still, Trump said Wednesday’s pause would not apply to Apple’s biggest supplier, China. Instead, its tariff rate would rise to 125% “based on the lack of respect” the country has shown world markets, Trump wrote in a Wednesday post on Truth Social. One day later, the White House clarified its tariff rate on Chinese imports is actually 145%.
Because of the U.S. trade war with China, Apple is still in a dicey situation regarding its supply chain, wrote Dan Ives, a Wedbush Securities tech analyst.
“For tech stocks this was much needed relief and pulls stocks and the market from the edge of the cliff, although China remains the biggest X variable related to Apple and the broader supply chain,” Ives wrote in a Wednesday note.
Meanwhile, Apple customers have reportedly rushed to stores to try to get their hands on new devices in anticipation of price increases.
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
An alarming spike in 10-year Treasury yields finally persuaded Trump to act on tariffs.
US Trade Representative Jamieson Greer's two appearances before Congress this week put on display the many unanswered questions about White House tariff plans that appeared to confuse even GOP lawmakers.
Americans are likely still shell-shocked by egg prices at the grocery store.
The White House claimed the "art" of Trump's deal hadn't been appreciated by media and the markets.
Apple produces around 90% of its iPhones in China, according to Wedbush Securities analysts.
TSMC announced an additional $100 billion investment in the U.S. in March.
Remember that $5 cap on overdraft fees? It's probably not going to happen.
Social Security Administration halts plan to end phone support for certain customer service needs.
Auto tariffs have arrived. If you're contemplating buying a new car before tariffs have much time to make an impact, you might want to reconsider. On the surface, buying now might seem like a way to...
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
