Title: Apple’s Steve Jobs dealt with the 2008 financial crisis by investing his way through the downturn, instead of slashing jobs and budgets—2 years later the iconic iPad was launched
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 15-41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-steve-jobs-dealt-2008-154148301.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs previously revealed how he dealt with the dot-com bust and subsequent economic downturns. Instead of slashing jobs or budgets, the late CEO prioritized “investing(ing) our way through the downturn”—and just two years after the 2008 financial crisis, Apple released the iPad.
Economic uncertainty is a challenge for business leaders of all shapes and sizes, with even a slight indication of worry sending a company’s stock falling.
However, Steve Jobs was a master at keeping his head held high—and his playbook for navigating the 2000 dot-com burst and the 2008 economic crisis might just be the blueprint today’s business leaders need.
The Apple co-founder spoke to Fortune in 2008 about the then-economic downturn.
“What I told our company was that we were just going to invest our way through the downturn,” he said. “That we weren't going to lay off people, that we'd taken a tremendous amount of effort to get them into Apple in the first place—the last thing we were going to do is lay them off.”
Instead, Jobs revealed he was upping the company’s R&D (research and development) budget “so that we would be ahead of our competitors when the downturn was over.”
“And that's exactly what we did,” the late CEO added. “And it worked. And that's exactly what we'll do this time."
In 2003, while other companies were still recovering from the collapse of tech stocks, Apple released iTunes. The Nasdaq-100 took more than 15 years to return to its dot-com-era peak. But in the meantime, Apple unveiled the iPhone and the App Store.
By the time the 2008 recession rolled around, Apple was still selling millions of smartphones and computers. Just two years later, the iPad was released.
According to the Harvard Business Review, just 9% of companies flourish after an economic slowdown—and like Apple, businesses that make smart investments when the chips are down have a better chance of becoming leaders in their market.
Apple’s stock had its best day since January 1998 yesterday off the news that President Donald Trump would pause his wide-sweeping tariff plans—which had caused the market to freefall.
However, it’s unlikely that champagne was being passed around at the company’s Cupertino headquarters, given that the trade war with China is seemingly just getting started.
Trump’s increase of the tariff on Chinese goods to 125% bodes bad news for the company, which creates a majority of its signature electronic products overseas. According to Wedbush, Apple produces some 90% of iPhones, 75%-80% of iPads, and over 50% of Macs in China.
Experts tell Fortune that any tariff will likely be passed on directly to consumers, potentially leading to a worst-case scenario where products like the new iPhone 16 balloon to over $2,000—a price tag that most consumers are unlikely to tolerate.
And while Jeff Fieldhack, a research director at Counterpoint Research, an Apple expert, believes Trump’s tariffs remain a negotiation tactic—if the trade war extends for months, it may become impossible for Apple to take Jobs’s weather-the-storm philosophy.
Jamie Dimon, CEO of JP Morgan Chase, has described his management style during the 2008 financial crisis as much more hands-on, but considering banks were at the center of the meltdown, he arguably had no other choice.
He explained to the How Leaders Lead podcast that the then-CEO of Bear Stearns, Alan Schwartz, called him one evening with a stark request: he needed $30 billion that night.
JP Morgan was ultimately able to buy the company later that week and avoid a more dramatic market breakdown, but Dimon said it worked because he prioritized capital, liquidity, and profitability as soon as he became CEO in late 2005.
After working 5 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day, five days a week, for the rest of the crisis, he learned a valuable lesson on how to lead through volatility: “Serve your clients, do a great job in the downs—not just the ups. Don’t celebrate the rising tide, be prepared for the tide to go out.”
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Jamie Dimon says younger generations have very little to be depressed about when it comes to their future.
Billionaire investor Mark Cuban had high praise for Elon Musk last week, calling him possibly the greatest builder in modern manufacturing, while also challenging Musk’s stance on tariffs. In a post on X, Cuban addressed Musk directly, writing: “Hey @elonmusk, you may be the greatest manufacturing builder of all time. Did you need protective tariffs in order to manufacture in the USA? Or were private capital, your investment, and local and federal government incentives the difference?” Don't Mis
A $5 million Idaho business selling the top-ranked swing on Amazon for kids with special needs says his business will be destroyed within months. Other small businesses will follow.
Dave Portnoy, the outspoken founder of Barstool Sports, posted a simple question on X last week that hit a nerve in the crypto world: “If the point of Bitcoin is to be independent of the U.S. Dollar and nonregulated, why does it basically trade exactly like the U.S. stock market nowadays?” I have a dumb bitcoin/crypto question. If the point of Bitcoin is to be independent of the US Dollar and non regulated why does it basically trade exactly like the Us stock market nowadays? Market up bitcoin u
Michael Saylor urges investors to "HODL" as Bitcoin slides below $77K amid rising tariffs and deepening market turmoil.
He thinks that applicants should be focusing on quality, not quantity, when it comes to the job search.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
