Title: FTC takes step toward reversing Chevron, Exxon board restrictions
Date: 2025-04-11 18:38
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/ftc-seeks-public-ex-pioneer-183820519.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The U.S. Federal Trade Commission took a step toward potentially reversing bans on certain oil executives joining the boards of Chevron and Exxon Mobil that the Biden administration made a condition that allowed them to acquire two other oil producers.
Exxon, which acquired Pioneer Natural Resources last year, had agreed to bar former Pioneer CEO Scott Sheffield from its board. Chevron, which agreed to buy Hess in 2023, consented to a similar order keeping that company's CEO, John Hess, off its board.
The FTC said on Friday that it was seeking public comment on petitions filed by Sheffield, Chevron and Hess Corp seeking to reverse the bans.
“Mr. Hess is a highly respected industry leader, and our board would benefit from his global experience, relationships and expertise," a Chevron spokesperson said in a statement.
Both deals got the greenlight from the FTC, then led by Chair Lina Khan, on the condition that Hess and Sheffield be barred from the respective boards over concerns they would coordinate with members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Both John Hess and Sheffield denied the allegations. A spokesperson for Hess Corp said the concerns raised by the FTC were "entirely without merit."
FTC Chairman Andrew Ferguson, then a commissioner, and fellow Republican Commissioner Melissa Holyoak voted against the agreements, saying they overstepped the agency's authority.
Exxon, the No. 1 U.S. oil company, bought Pioneer in a deal worth $59.5 billion last year. Chevron's acquisition of Hess for $53 billion is pending ongoing arbitration proceedings related to potential preemptive rights over Hess's stake in the oil-rich Stabroek block in Guyana.
(Reporting by Doina Chiacu and Ismail Shakil in Washington, Jody Godoy in New York and Sheila Dang in Houston; Editing by Mark Porter and Marguerita Choy)
LONDON (AP) — China warned the U.K. government Monday to treat the Chinese owners of British Steel fairly or risk undermining investor confidence in the country, two days after British authorities took control of the company.
FREDERICTON — New Brunswick Premier Susan Holt announced on Monday a comprehensive review of the province’s debt-laden electric utility.
OTTAWA — Liberal Leader Mark Carney and Conservative Leader Pierre Poilievre are both campaigning in Montreal today and making announcements about defence procurement and justice reform.
President Donald Trump bitterly attacked “60 Minutes” shortly after the CBS newsmagazine broadcast stories on Ukraine and Greenland on Sunday, saying the network was out of control and should “pay a big price” for going after him.
Spiking yields are credited with forcing the president's stunning about-face on tariffs. Here's why bonds are boss
WASHINGTON (AP) — After President Donald Trump reversed course on his tariffs and announced he would pursue trade negotiations, he had a simple explanation for how he would make decisions in the coming weeks.
CALGARY — Hundreds of kilometres up the Pacific coast from where Canada’s first liquefied natural gas export terminal is set to start up this summer, a monster lays dormant.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Monday suggested that he might temporarily exempt the auto industry from tariffs he previously imposed on the sector, to give carmakers time to adjust their supply chains.
Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin launched his fiancee Lauren Sanchez into space Monday with an all-female celebrity crew that included Katy Perry and Gayle King.
When the first two rounds of 10% tariffs hit, Zou Guoqing, a Chinese exporter, groaned but didn't find the barriers insurmountable. He gave up some of his profits and offered his client, a snow-bike factory in Nebraska, price cuts ranging from 5% to 10%. It seemed to work: The factory agreed to a new order of molds and parts.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.