Title: Terex Q1 Earnings & Revenues Beat Estimates, Decline Y/Y on Low Volumes
Date: 2025-05-07 16:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/terex-q1-earnings-revenues-beat-164100155.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Terex Corporation TEX reported adjusted earnings per share of 83 cents, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 49 cents. The bottom line, however, plunged 52% from the prior-year quarter’s adjusted figure of $1.74 per share.
This downfall in earnings was attributed to lower sales volume, Terex’s production adjustment efforts in the wake of weak demand and unfavorable mix in the Materials Processing segment. This was somewhat offset by gains from the company’s cost control initiatives and contribution from the acquisition of Environmental Solutions Group.
Including one-time items, Terex reported earnings of 31 cents per share in the first quarter of 2025 compared with $1.60 in the year-ago quarter. (Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.)
Terex Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Terex Corporation Quote
Revenues declined 5% year over year to $1.23 billion, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.22 billion.
In October 2024, Terex completed the acquisition of Environmental Solutions Group (“ESG”), adding a market leader in waste and recycling to its portfolio. In the first quarter of 2025, ESG accounted for around one-third of TEX’s total revenues. This contribution was offset by declines in the Materials Processing and Aerial Work Platforms segments. This was in line with Terex’s recent efforts to reset production levels to match weak demand and position the segments for sequential growth going forward. Excluding ESG, Terex’s organic revenues declined 25% year over year in the quarter.
Bookings increased 5.3% sequentially to $1.5 billion, reflecting a book-to-bill of 124%, led by Aerial Work Platforms at 144%.
The cost of goods sold inched up 0.4% year over year to $999 million. Gross profit fell 23% to $230 million. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $161 million, up 16% from the prior-year quarter.
Terex reported an operating profit of $69 million, which marked a 56% plunge from the prior-year quarter. The operating margin was 5.6% compared with 12.2% in the last quarter.
Adjusted operating profit was $111 million compared with $163 million in the year-ago quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 9.1%, a 350-basis point contraction from the year-ago quarter.
The Material Processing segment’s revenues totaled $382 million, reflecting a year-over-year fall of 27% due to channel adjustments and weak end-market demand across most product lines and regions. The segment reported an operating income of $36 million, down 50% year over year. Adjusted operating profit was $38 million.
The Aerial Work Platforms segment generated revenues of $450 million, down 28% from the year-ago quarter.  The segment reported an operating profit of $2 million, which marked a 98% plunge year over year. Adjusted operating profit was $14 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared with $93 million.
The Environmental Services (ES) segment (which includes ESG) reported revenues of $399 million and an operating profit of $56 million. Adjusted operating profit was $77 million.
Terex had cash and cash equivalents of $298 million as of March 31, 2025, compared with $388 million as of Dec. 31, 2024. The company used $21 million in cash from operating activities in the first quarter of 2025 compared with $34 million in the prior-year period.
Terex returned $43 million to shareholders in the quarter through share repurchases and dividends.
Terex expects sales for the Materials Processing segment to be down in high single digits compared with the prior-year baseline of $1.9 billion. The AWP segment’s revenues are expected to decline in low double digits from the prior-year baseline of $2.41 billion.
Net sales are projected to be in the range of $5.3-$5.5 billion. The midpoint of the guidance implies year-over-year growth of 6%. 
EBITDA is expected to be around $660 million. Terex expects adjusted earnings per share to be between $4.70 and $5.10. The guidance indicates a year-over-year drop of 20% at the midpoint from the earnings of $6.11 per share reported in 2024.
Terex's shares have lost 33.5% over the past year compared with the industry’s 7.1% decline.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
TEX currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Caterpillar Inc. CAT reported adjusted earnings per share of $4.25 for the first quarter of 2025, which missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $4.30 by a margin of 1%. The bottom-line figure was down 24% year over year due to volume declines across its segments.
Caterpillar reported first-quarter revenues of around $14.2 billion, which missed the consensus estimate of $14.5 billion. The top line declined 10% year over year due to a decline in volumes in its segments and unfavorable price realization and currency impact.
The Manitowoc Company MTW reported a loss of 16 cents per share in the first quarter of 2025, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of 10 cents per share. The company had reported earnings per share of 14 cents in the first quarter of 2024.
Manitowoc’s revenues were down 5% to $471 million, missing the consensus estimate of $480 million.
Hyster-Yale, Inc. HY reported earnings of 49 cents per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 47 cents. It marked an 83% plunge from the year-ago quarter.
Hyster-Yale’s revenues declined 14% to $910.4 million, missing the consensus estimate of $948 million.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
The Manitowoc Company, Inc. (MTW) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Terex Corporation (TEX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Hyster-Yale, Inc. (HY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
We recently published a list of Billionaire Louis Bacon’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Fluor Corporation (NYSE:FLR) stands against Billionaire Louis Bacon’s other stock picks with huge upside potential. Louis Moore Bacon is the founder, Chairman, and principal investment manager of Moore […]
We recently compiled a list of the 13 Best Car Stocks to Buy in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Stellantis N.V. (NYSE:STLA) stands against the other best car stocks. Car stocks are the stock holdings of businesses engaged in the automotive market, such as those that produce automobiles, […]
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.