Title: Jim Cramer on Pfizer (PFE): “Trying Big Targets, but New Wins Still Elusive”
Date: 2025-05-07 17:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-pfizer-pfe-trying-175025216.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published a list ofJim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks.In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the impacts that tariffs have had on businesses. He shared that firms are scrambling to diversify their supply chains from China as higher costs affect business margins. Using the example of the firm known for making Monopoly and Nerf, Cramer commented: “Well I mean look everybody’s scrambling, I know that. . .[toy company’s] scrambling everywhere to be able to make it so that a nine dollar toy doesn’t cost 19. And I think that our companies are, often, not given the credit that they deserve to be able to get things to move around, pull their weight, do things overseas, David, it’s not like they’re the only ones, China, that can make this stuff. Cause the stuff is not like, it’s not like making a Grace Blackwell GB200 NVIDIA chip.” One material that’s caught Cramer’s attention is ethane. He believes that ethane’s role in the plastics supply chain and the fact that China can’t make it can enable the material to play a key role in President Trump’s trade talks. Cramer commented: “We have to focus on this ethylene, because it’s the one thing that they’re panicked on in China. They’re not panicked on copper, they’re panicked that they’re not getting ethane, which makes ethylene, which makes plastic. Because boy do they ever make make plastic.” In fact, Cramer went as far as to ‘advise’ the President and his team to leverage US ethane production against China: “But the building block of all that stuff is Louisiana, ethane. If the President and Navarros and these trade guys were to say, you know what guys, we saw that you wouldn’t tariff ethane, cause you need it so bad, we’re done, we’re gonna ship it to Korea. Then see what happens. That’s what they should do. That’s like, free advice there.” As for the car industry, Cramer believes that Trump’s advisor Peter Navarro won’t be satisfied even if some car companies build their assembly plans in America. “Peter Navarro would say over and over, we need the engines made we don’t want the assembly,” he believes. To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on May 1st. For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A medical technician wearing protective gloves and a mask mixing a biopharmaceutical solution. Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 92 Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) is one of the biggest pharmaceutical companies in the world. Cramer has discussed the firm several times in his morning show. He has praised Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)’s CEO and wondered whether the firm will be able to establish a strong working relationship with the Trump administration. His recent remarks saw the CNBC host comment on Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)’s inability to offset its patent expirations with new products. Here are Cramer’s latest thoughts: “But they like to go after the biggest, they go after breast cancer, the biggest. They should go after all sorts. Pfizer’s trying but Pfizer’s stock has not . . .” Overall, PFEranks 1ston our list of stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of PFE as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than PFE but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. The company missed first-quarter revenue estimates and posted a larger-than-expected loss earlier in the day due to a sluggish box office performance and ongoing declines in cable.  The media industry is going through what some executives have called a "general disruption" as millions of subscribers abandon the once-lucrative cable TV for streaming.  WBD had laid the groundwork for a possible sale or spinoff of its declining cable TV assets in December by announcing a separation from its streaming and studio operations. The mean of analysts' price targets for Pfizer (PFE) points to a 25.1% upside in the stock. While this highly sought-after metric has not proven reasonably effective, strong agreement among analysts in raising earnings estimates does indicate an upside in the stock. We came across a bullish thesis on Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Substack by Investing Intel. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on MRK. Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK)’s share was trading at $84.71 as of April 29th. MRK’s trailing and forward P/E were 12.31 and 9.45 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Merck’s […] Energy Transfer reported solid first-quarter results.  Energy Transfer (NYSE: ET) owns one of the largest and most diversified portfolios of energy midstream infrastructure in the country.  This platform produces very stable and growing cash flows for the master limited partnership (MLP). No matter how high President Trump cranks up tariffs, many industries are never coming back to the U.S. For industries that require cheap labor such as apparel and toys, bringing that production to Pennsylvania or Ohio just doesn’t make sense.  For pharma, an industry in which gross margins are among the highest in the S&P 500, labor was never really the reason for moving offshore to places like Ireland—it was always about playing the global tax game.  Tariffs are certainly getting pharma CEOs to listen, and many are already stockpiling imports while expanding production within existing U.S. sites. Buying Novo Nordisk stock looks like the cheapest way to invest in GLP-1 drugs. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.