Title: Do These 3 Checks Before Buying Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) For Its Upcoming Dividend
Date: 2025-05-06 13:13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-checks-buying-pfizer-inc-131303373.html?.tsrc=rss

It looks likePfizer Inc.(NYSE:PFE) is about to go ex-dividend in the next two days. The ex-dividend date is one business day before the record date, which is the cut-off date for shareholders to be present on the company's books to be eligible for a dividend payment. The ex-dividend date is an important date to be aware of as any purchase of the stock made on or after this date might mean a late settlement that doesn't show on the record date. This means that investors who purchase Pfizer's shares on or after the 9th of May will not receive the dividend, which will be paid on the 13th of June. The company's next dividend payment will be US$0.43 per share, and in the last 12 months, the company paid a total of US$1.72 per share. Looking at the last 12 months of distributions, Pfizer has a trailing yield of approximately 7.2% on its current stock price of US$23.87. If you buy this business for its dividend, you should have an idea of whether Pfizer's dividend is reliable and sustainable. So we need to check whether the dividend payments are covered, and if earnings are growing. We've discovered3 warning signsabout Pfizer.View them for free. If a company pays out more in dividends than it earned, then the dividend might become unsustainable - hardly an ideal situation. Pfizer distributed an unsustainably high 122% of its profit as dividends to shareholders last year. Without more sustainable payment behaviour, the dividend looks precarious. A useful secondary check can be to evaluate whether Pfizer generated enough free cash flow to afford its dividend. The company paid out 97% of its free cash flow over the last year, which we think is outside the ideal range for most businesses. Cash flows are usually much more volatile than earnings, so this could be a temporary effect - but we'd generally want to look more closely here. Cash is slightly more important than profit from a dividend perspective, but given Pfizer's payouts were not well covered by either earnings or cash flow, we would be concerned about the sustainability of this dividend. Check out our latest analysis for Pfizer Clickhere to see the company's payout ratio, plus analyst estimates of its future dividends. Companies with falling earnings are riskier for dividend shareholders. If earnings decline and the company is forced to cut its dividend, investors could watch the value of their investment go up in smoke. Readers will understand then, why we're concerned to see Pfizer's earnings per share have dropped 6.3% a year over the past five years. Such a sharp decline casts doubt on the future sustainability of the dividend. The main way most investors will assess a company's dividend prospects is by checking the historical rate of dividend growth. In the last 10 years, Pfizer has lifted its dividend by approximately 5.2% a year on average. The only way to pay higher dividends when earnings are shrinking is either to pay out a larger percentage of profits, spend cash from the balance sheet, or borrow the money. Pfizer is already paying out a high percentage of its income, so without earnings growth, we're doubtful of whether this dividend will grow much in the future. Should investors buy Pfizer for the upcoming dividend? Not only are earnings per share declining, but Pfizer is paying out an uncomfortably high percentage of both its earnings and cashflow to shareholders as dividends. This is a starkly negative combination that often suggests a dividend cut could be in the company's near future. Bottom line: Pfizer has some unfortunate characteristics that we think could lead to sub-optimal outcomes for dividend investors. With that being said, if you're still considering Pfizer as an investment, you'll find it beneficial to know what risks this stock is facing. Our analysis shows3 warning signs for Pfizerthat we strongly recommend you have a look at before investing in the company. Generally, we wouldn't recommend just buying the first dividend stock you see. Here'sa curated list of interesting stocks that are strong dividend payers. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. The mean of analysts' price targets for Pfizer (PFE) points to a 25.1% upside in the stock. While this highly sought-after metric has not proven reasonably effective, strong agreement among analysts in raising earnings estimates does indicate an upside in the stock. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […] Despite trade policy challenges, Abbott's global footprint and 90 manufacturing sites offer flexibility to manage regional risks and reroute supply chains. As PBR gears up to report Q1 earnings on May 12, let's find out how the expectations stack up. Also, know how to play the stock ahead of results. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.