Title: Market Chatter: Expanded Indication for GSK, Pfizer RSV Vaccines Faces Government Review
Date: 2025-05-06 20:13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/market-chatter-expanded-indication-gsk-201334412.html?.tsrc=rss

A recommendation to expand the indication for respiratory syncytial virus vaccines developed by Pfiz With another rare disease approval under its belt, Alnylam is still revving up the R&D engines for new indications. No matter how high President Trump cranks up tariffs, many industries are never coming back to the U.S. For industries that require cheap labor such as apparel and toys, bringing that production to Pennsylvania or Ohio just doesn’t make sense.  For pharma, an industry in which gross margins are among the highest in the S&P 500, labor was never really the reason for moving offshore to places like Ireland—it was always about playing the global tax game.  Tariffs are certainly getting pharma CEOs to listen, and many are already stockpiling imports while expanding production within existing U.S. sites. We recently published a list of Billionaire Mario Gabelli’s 10 Large-Cap Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) stands against Billionaire Mario Gabelli’s other large-cap stock picks with huge upside potential. Mario Gabelli needs no introduction, having risen to […] The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced its intent to expand the use of unannounced inspections at foreign manufacturing facilities that produce foods, essential medicines, and other medical products intended for American consumers and patients. This change builds upon the agency’s Office of Inspection and Investigations’ Foreign Unannounced Inspection Pilot program in India and China and aims to ensure that foreign companies will receive the same level of regulatory oversight and My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.