Title: Trump Is Threatening Big Pharma With Tariffs. Tax Changes Might Work Better.
Date: 2025-05-07 09:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/a4bec800-6f4b-30e9-8edf-e6305a9166c4/trump-is-threatening-big.html?.tsrc=rss

No matter how high President Trump cranks up tariffs, many industries are never coming back to the U.S. For industries that require cheap labor such as apparel and toys, bringing that production to Pennsylvania or Ohio just doesn’t make sense. For pharma, an industry in which gross margins are among the highest in the S&P 500, labor was never really the reason for moving offshore to places like Ireland—it was always about playing the global tax game. Tariffs are certainly getting pharma CEOs to listen, and many are already stockpiling imports while expanding production within existing U.S. sites. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […] RFK Jr.’s plan to ban TV advertising may shift more marketing attention to online platforms. With another rare disease approval under its belt, Alnylam is still revving up the R&D engines for new indications. Shares of  Deckers Outdoor  the worst performer in the  this year through Tuesday, may be close to hitting bottom after a slide of more than 40%.  While investors are worried about how badly President Donald Trump’s tariffs will hurt earnings, the stock’s valuation compared with shares of other footwear companies, and slowing sales growth, analysts see reason for optimism.  Deckers makes both Hoka running shoes and UGG boots. Companies in The News Are: LLY, NEM, TSLA, ABNB We came across a bullish thesis on AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ABBV. AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)’s share was trading at $198.47 as of May 2nd. ABBV’s trailing and forward P/E were 84.82 and 16.34 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. AbbVie (ABBV) delivered a strong […] Johnson & Johnson and AbbVie are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog. NVO stock gains after reporting first-quarter 2025 results, mainly due to expectations of U.S. sales recovery of its popular obesity drug, Wegovy. Mairs & Power, an investment advisor, released the “Mairs & Power Balanced Fund” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The stock market reached a record high in February. However, tariff uncertainty in March led to a fall in equities, while fixed income benefited from perceived safety. The […] While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.