Title: Can Pfizer (PFE) Climb 25.14% to Reach the Level Wall Street Analysts Expect?
Date: 2025-05-08 13:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-pfe-climb-25-14-135508966.html?.tsrc=rss

Pfizer(PFE) closed the last trading session at $22.79, gaining 1.3% over the past four weeks, but there could be plenty of upside left in the stock if short-term price targets set by Wall Street analysts are any guide. The mean price target of $28.52 indicates a 25.1% upside potential. The average comprises 21 short-term price targets ranging from a low of $23 to a high of $35, with a standard deviation of $3.16. While the lowest estimate indicates an increase of 0.9% from the current price level, the most optimistic estimate points to a 53.6% upside. More than the range, one should note the standard deviation here, as it helps understand the variability of the estimates. The smaller the standard deviation, the greater the agreement among analysts. While the consensus price target is highly sought after by investors, the ability and unbiasedness of analysts in setting price targets have long been questionable. And investors making investment decisions solely based on this tool would arguably do themselves a disservice. However, an impressive consensus price target is not the only factor that indicates a potential upside in PFE. This view is strengthened by the agreement among analysts that the company will report better earnings than what they estimated earlier. Though a positive trend in earnings estimate revisions doesn't give any idea as to how much the stock could surge, it has proven effective in predicting an upside. According to researchers at several universities across the globe, a price target is one of many pieces of information about a stock that misleads investors far more often than it guides. In fact, empirical research shows that price targets set by several analysts, irrespective of the extent of agreement, rarely indicate where the price of a stock could actually be heading. While Wall Street analysts have deep knowledge of a company's fundamentals and the sensitivity of its business to economic and industry issues, many of them tend to set overly optimistic price targets. Are you wondering why? They usually do that to drum up interest in shares of companies that their firms either have existing business relationships with or are looking to be associated with. In other words, business incentives of firms covering a stock often result in inflated price targets set by analysts. However, a tight clustering of price targets, which is represented by a low standard deviation, indicates that analysts have a high degree of agreement about the direction and magnitude of a stock's price movement. While that doesn't necessarily mean the stock will hit the average price target, it could be a good starting point for further research aimed at identifying the potential fundamental driving forces. That said, while investors should not entirely ignore price targets, making an investment decision solely based on them could lead to disappointing ROI. So, price targets should always be treated with a high degree of skepticism. There has been increasing optimism among analysts lately about the company's earnings prospects, as indicated by strong agreement among them in revising EPS estimates higher. And that could be a legitimate reason to expect an upside in the stock. After all, empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements. Over the last 30 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year has increased 3.2%, as five estimates have moved higher compared to no negative revision. Moreover, PFE currently has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), which means it is in the top 20% of more than the 4,000 stocks that we rank based on four factors related to earnings estimates. Given an impressive externally-audited track record, this is a more conclusive indication of the stock's potential upside in the near term. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>> Therefore, while the consensus price target may not be a reliable indicator of how much PFE could gain, the direction of price movement it implies does appear to be a good guide. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […] Lending Tree and Rocket Companies are part of the Zacks Industry Outlook article. The crop trader’s CEO said demand for natural flavors and colors is boosting profits at the company’s beleaguered nutrition unit. Many pharma bigwigs reported solid results, with some beating on earnings or revenues or both. We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of […] (Bloomberg) -- Adobe Inc. will offer a package of its products to the government at a discounted rate following scrutiny on software spending by the Trump administration.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign Tourists Due to Trump PoliciesA bundle While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.