Title: Apple Inc. (AAPL) – AI Innovation Key to Sustained Market Leadership
Date: 2025-05-08 23:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-inc-aapl-ai-innovation-232526723.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks on Wall Street’s Radar Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other AI stocks on Wall Street’s radar right now.
According to a state media report, China’s President Xi Jinping has pledged “self-reliance and self-strengthening” to develop artificial intelligence in China. The country is eagerly competing with the United States for supremacy in the AI arms race. Xi has stressed that China should be leveraging its “new whole national system” to push forward with the development of AI.
“We must recognise the gaps and redouble our efforts to comprehensively advance technological innovation, industrial development, and AI-empowered applications.”
READ ALSO: 10 AI Stocks Getting Wall Street’s Attention Right Now and  10 AI Stocks in the Spotlight This Week.
With the emergence of DeepSeek and other artificial intelligence models that have followed, many experts are of the belief that China has already covered much of the AI development gap it had with the United States.
“We must continue to strengthen basic research, concentrate our efforts on mastering core technologies such as high-end chips and basic software, and build an independent, controllable, and collaborative artificial intelligence basic software and hardware system.”
Xi is also of the belief that AI shouldn’t be a “game of rich countries and the wealthy. Rather, he believes in more international governance and cooperation on AI.
In his recent visit to Shanghai, he underscored China’s leading role in the “Global South,” calling for more innovation, support for AI startups, and stronger global influence in technology. He also urged the city to expand its exploration of AI models and noted that more supportive policies for the technology should be rolled out.
Visiting the Shanghai-based New Development Bank, a multilateral lender of BRICS member nations, he affirmed how China is ready to strengthen project cooperation with the bank and share development experience with other member countries. The visit underscores Xi’s commitment to positioning China as the leader of the Global South.
“China wants to offer an alternative to the world against the U.S.-dominant global order.”
For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here).
A wide view of an Apple store, showing the range of products the company offers.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 166
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a technology company. On May 8th, Baird reiterated the stock as “Outperform.” The firm said it’s standing by shares of the tech giant.
“Apple still benefits from a strong eco-system, strong cash flow and dominant high-end market position. We believe executing on AI will be critical to improving the investment narrative, and expect more at WWDC next month.”
Analysts on Wall Street have a consensus price target of $228.65 on AAPL stock, which implies an upside of 16% from current levels.
Overall, AAPL ranks 3rd on our list of AI stocks on Wall Street’s radar right now. While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AAPL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Billionaire David Abrams’ 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other stock picks with huge upside potential. David Abrams founded Abrams Capital Management in 1999. Before forming the Boston-based investment firm, Abrams worked […]
We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best Growth Stocks Under $10 to Buy Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Applied Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:APLD) stands against the other growth stocks under $10. Growth stocks refer to companies that grow their earnings and revenues at rates much above […]
Illumina (ILMN) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.04% and 0.25%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Stocks jumped on a Trump trade deal with the U.K., but pared gains on a report that Trump wants to hike taxes on the wealthy. Robinhood led new buys.
(Bloomberg) -- Adobe Inc. will offer a package of its products to the government at a discounted rate following scrutiny on software spending by the Trump administration.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign Tourists Due to Trump PoliciesA bundle
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.