Title: Apple, Nvidia, and Microsoft can 'breathe a huge sigh of relief' after Trump's China tariff exemptions
Date: 2025-04-12 17:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-nvidia-microsoft-breathe-huge-173900215.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The ever-growing U.S. tariffs on imports from China won’t bite Big Tech so badly after all, after the Trump administration late Friday laid out significant exemptions from its wider trade war that include smartphones, laptop computers, chips, and more.
The exemptions, published by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, amount to a huge break for tech giants such as Apple (AAPL), Nvidia (NVDA), and Microsoft (MSFT), and for the broader tech industry, even as uncertainty persists over the direction of President Donald Trump’s trade war. It means some of the most crucial and high-end technology imports — which overwhelmingly aren’t made in the U.S. — won’t be subject to Trump’s 125% tariff on China, or his baseline 10% tariff on almost every other country.
A Wall Street analyst quickly called it “the best news possible for tech investors.”
“The U.S. tech industry has a loud voice and despite initial strong pushback against exemptions within the White House, the reality of the situation was finally recognized in the Beltway,” Wedbush Securities analyst Dan Ives wrote in a note Saturday. “There is still clear uncertainty and volatility ahead with these China negotiations. Big Tech firms like Apple, Nvidia, Microsoft and the broader tech industry can breathe a huge sigh of relief this weekend into Monday.”
The exemptions follow a pattern from Trump’s first term, when Apple in particular saw significant success in lobbying Trump for trade war carveouts. Making products such as the iPhone in America would be almost economically impossible. Wedbush had warned earlier this month that Apple faced a “complete disaster” from the China tariffs.
And the Trump administration’s move came as its trade war has driven days of volatility in financial markets, as well as cratering consumer confidence and growing recession fears.
Ives called the exemptions “a big step forward for U.S. tech to get these exemptions and the most bullish news we could have heard this weekend. ... Big Tech is back off the cliff with these exemptions and this changes the entire situation for tech stocks with this black swan event for the industry removed.”
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Lutnick referred to the new tariffs as “duties on semiconductors,” but they will span across other tech imports.
Artificial intelligence (AI) stocks haven't been performing well on the market in 2025 amid the tariff-fueled turmoil that threatens to send the U.S. economy into a recession.  Share prices of cloud infrastructure provider Oracle (NYSE: ORCL) are down nearly 20% so far in 2025 as of this writing, while data streaming platform provider Confluent (NASDAQ: CFLT) has dipped more than 23%.  Both companies saw an uptick in their financial performances thanks to AI adoption, but the generally negative stock market sentiment is taking its toll.
We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued billionaire […]
Smartphones, PCs, and servers won’t face the highest tariffs rates, according to a document from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency.
Entrepreneur and former presidential candidate Andrew Yang sparked conversation on social media Thursday morning with a simple but thought-provoking math question: “If something goes down 10% and then up 10% are you back where you started?” “No because the decrease is from a bigger number,” Yang explained in a tweet that included a quick example. “E.g., 100 – 10 = 90 + 9 = 99.” If something goes down 10% and then up 10% are you back where you started? No because the decrease is from a bigger num
A glut of the slow-selling delivery vans has built up on both sides of the U.S.-Canada border as GM fails to gain ground against Ford and Rivian.
The transition from the Biden administration to the second Trump administration has been nothing short of unprecedented. As of April 10, President Donald Trump has signed a stunning 112 executive...
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.