Title: Google Stock Rises. It Rejects Apple’s Claim AI Is Hurting Search Volumes.
Date: 2025-05-08 13:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/1fbcc460-af22-3ccd-a1cc-105615d8773a/google-stock-rises.-it.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Alphabet said it continues to see growth in search volumes despite Apple flagging a threat from artificial intelligence.
Google announced Wednesday it will help support Elementl Power with an investment into the power producer’s development of three advanced nuclear sites.
Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does Novo Nordisk (NVO) have what it takes? Let's find out.
We came across a bullish thesis on Adobe Inc. (ADBE) on Value Investing Subreddit Page by jackandjillonthehill. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ADBE. Adobe Inc. (ADBE)’s share was trading at $374.98 as of April 30th. ADBE’s trailing and forward P/E were 24.77 and 18.38 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Adobe presents a […]
The threat of artificial intelligence just became more real for Google, after it was revealed that there was a drop in Google search traffic on the Safari web browser. WSJ’s Dan Gallagher explains.
Google stock tumbled after an Apple executive said that Google internet searches on its mobile Safari browser fell for the first time in April.
Alphabet shares saw their worst decline in months after an Apple executive testified that the iPhone maker may reshape its Safari browser to focus on AI-powered search engines and move away from Google as the default search provider. Bloomberg's Jackie Davalos discussed the impact of this disclosure with Caroline Hyde on "Bloomberg Technology."
The retailer predicts it will slash costs by more than 30% at its high-tech facilities by year's end, one executive said.
Google (GOOGL) stock slid 7% on Wednesday after Apple’s (AAPL) head of services, Eddy Cue, dropped a bombshell during antitrust testimony: Safari search volume had declined in April for the first time in over two decades.
AppLovin  stock soared late Wednesday on strong first-quarter earnings results.  Earnings per share rose to $1.67 versus Wall Street’s consensus estimate of $1.44, according to FactSet, and up from 67 cents last year.  It was another quarter of exceeding expectations in AppLovin’s ad business.
We recently published an article titled Why These 10 Firms Nosedived Today. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against the other stocks. The stock market bounced back from the previous day’s losses, with all major indices finishing higher as investors cheered the central bank’s decision to […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.