Title: VIX, Wall Street’s fear gauge, sinks nearly 20% on temporary tech tariff relief
Date: 2025-04-14 20:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vix-wall-street-fear-gauge-205353099.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Investing.com -- The VIX, or fear index, collapsed 18% on Monday to $30.73. It has been as high as $65.73 in the recent tariff melee.
The downside action in the volatility index follows news over the weekend that reciprocal tariffs on electronics coming from China, including smartphones, would not be subject to the 145% tariff rate. Instead, Trump said the 20% tariff rate would still apply.
However, the lower rate on electronics will only be temporary as they are expected to be included in a separate upcoming tariff bucket.
The biggest beneficiary of the news was Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL), which makes 90% of its smartphones available in China. Apple’s shares rose by 2.2% on Monday.
Based on the lower rate, BofA Securities analyst Wamsi Mohan said the tariff impact on Apple EPS would go down to -4.9% from -36.6% at the higher tarrif rate.
“I speak to Tim Cook,” Trump said Monday. “ I helped him recently and that whole business."
“I don’t want to hurt anybody,” Trump added. “But the end result is we’re going to get to the position of greatness for our country with the greatest economic power in the world if we’re smart.”
Elsewhere, Dell Technologies Inc (NYSE:DELL) rose 4%, and HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) rose 2.5%.
Deutsche Bank strategists Parag Thatte noted that the selloff in stocks has been mainly driven by positioning, as inflows have been strong. They added that last week’s inflows were $50 billion, the largest this year. "Selloffs of this magnitude in the past have been associated with similarly sized outflows, not inflows," Thatte commented.
The strategist also noted the sharp underperformance of US equities largely during overnight trading adds to concerns about capital outflows from the US. "From the equity side, it is interesting to note that most of the selloff in the S&P 500 has come during overnight trading (futures) rather than during the cash trading hours," he said. "This is a reversal of the pattern of the past several years which saw outperformance during overnight trading hours."
Related articles
China accuses US of launching 'advanced' cyberattacks, names alleged NSA agents
China's Duality Biotherapeutics surges over 200% in Hong Kong trading debut
UBS lowers forecast for China 2025 GDP growth to 3.4% on tariff hikes
Harrie Schippers will be succeeded by Brice Poplawski who will serve as SVP and CFO, effective June 2.
Apple stock was upgraded by KeyBanc after smartphones, computers, and other electronics were exempted from President Donald Trump's "reciprocal" tariffs.
IDC's Ryan Reith joins to discuss the latest tariff confusion and impact on tech manufacturers, saying he's skeptical of a quick shift to manufacturing in the US. He joins Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology".
Apple and other companies might have a chance to negotiate tariff exemptions, potentially in exchange for U.S. manufacturing commitments.
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has managed to dodge a potential disaster as its key consumer electronics have been exempted from the 125% tariffs on goods manufactured in China by President Donald Trump. What Happened: The tariff exemption announced by President Trump on Friday night encompasses iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, and AirTags. Furthermore, the 10% tariff on goods imported from other countries has been waived off for these products. Despite the possibility of a new, lower sectoral tar
Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […]
U.S. stocks edged up Monday as investors digested mixed messages on the trade war, following some of the most chaotic and turbulent weeks in recent market memory.
On Friday the Trump administration paused its new taxes on electronics imported into the U.S. — signaling some relief from trade wars that have particularly escalated with China, a major exporter of technology from smartphones to laptops.  Here's what we know.  Are electronics exempt from Trump's newest tariffs?  Late Friday, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection said that electronics, including smartphones and laptops, would be excluded from broader, so-called “reciprocal” tariffs — meaning these goods wouldn't be subject to most tariffs levied on China to date or the 10% baseline levies imposed on other countries.
Chip maker  Nvidia  unveiled plans Monday to produce new made-in-America supercomputers that power artificial intelligence, just one day after the Trump administration said tariffs were coming for semiconductor-reliant imports.  The chip maker said it would make AI supercomputers with contract manufacturers in Texas, its first public disclosure of a plan that would amplify ongoing U.S. efforts to bring semiconductor production back to domestic markets.  A darling of the global AI boom, Nvidia promised an eye-popping $500 billion in spending in the coming years, an announcement that echoed a similar goal disclosed by  Apple  in February.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.