Title: Apple (AAPL) Faces 28% EPS Hit Amid Tariff Fears Despite AI Rollout
Date: 2025-04-13 17:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-aapl-faces-28-eps-175857142.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires.
The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due to the AI hype, has been dampened by recent measures undertaken by the Trump administration to shore up US manufacturing. These measures, largely in the form of obscene tariffs on goods imported into the US from overseas, with a particular focus on China, have hit global stocks, resulting in a downward spiral for major indexes. The latest tariff hike has wiped trillions in market capitalization from the Magnificent Seven, a group of seven firms that dominate the benchmark US indexes and are heavily invested in AI. Latest reports from market research firm IDC indicate that if the tariffs stay in place, they are expected to trigger supply chain disruptions and inflationary challenges across various markets, including the IT sector. According to a report from news agency Reuters, global hedge funds, dominated by billionaires, scaled back their risky bets and sought safety before Trump introduced new tariffs last week.
This report was based on data gathered by investment bank Goldman Sachs. Per the data, hedge funds pulled out of bets in emerging markets of Europe and Asia ahead of the announcement of new tariffs. Research by investment bank Morgan Stanley, as seen by Reuters, also echoes these sentiments. Morgan Stanley estimates US long-short funds net leverage quickly fell to 37%, just shy of historical lows, by the end of last week, from over 50% at the beginning of the year. Net leverage measures the difference between a fund’s long and short positions against the value of what it owns including borrowings. JPMorgan also noted in a recent report that the net leverage of hedge funds has dropped to around the lowest since late 2023. The lower the net leverage, the more conservative a hedge fund’s position. Investors expect significant volatility on risk assets in the near term given the tariff uncertainties and suggest a continued risk-off stance.
Read more about these developments by accessing 10 Best AI Data Center Stocks and 10 Buzzing AI Stocks According to Goldman Sachs.
The latest developments represent a reversal of positions from billionaires who, in the past few months, have often hailed AI as the next transformative technology that would shape the future of economies, industries, and society. Influential billionaires repeatedly advocated for investing heavily in AI for the immense economic value it promised. This bullish thesis was based on research from firms like McKinsey that predicted that AI could add up to $4.4 trillion annually to the global economy in the coming years. For investors, this translated into a chance to own stakes in technologies that could underpin the next generation of global growth. For billionaire investors, AI also represented both a diversification strategy and a chance to influence the direction of a powerful new technology. These investors often take strategic stakes that allow them to shape product development and scaling. Some of the biggest companies these investors made huge bets on are discussed in detail below.
Read more about these developments by accessing 30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock and Beyond the Tech Giants: 35 Non-Tech AI Opportunities.
For this article, we consulted an internal database on AI companies. From these, we selected the thirty stocks with the highest number of billionaire investors. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A wide view of an Apple store, showing the range of products the company offers.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 166 
Number of Billionaire Investors: 21
Value of Billionaire Holdings: $101 Billion 
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a consumer electronics firm. The buzz around the AI offerings of the firm, including the rollout of Apple Intelligence features to iOS devices across the world, has been overshadowed by the US-China trade war. Apple derives a large portion of revenue from the sales of iPhones, which are assembled in China, and US President Trump has announced a dramatic increase in tariffs on products shipped to the US from China. Investment advisory Needham recently estimated that Apple’s full-year, fiscal 2025 earnings per share estimate is calculated to fall by 28%, or $2 per share, if the iPhone maker isn’t granted an exemption from Trump’s tariff plan. Needham currently estimates a full-year fiscal 2025 EPS estimate of $7.32. If Apple is not granted an exemption, Needham expects it to fall to $5.27.
Overall, AAPL ranks 9th on our list of best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential of these AI companies, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AAPL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
The iPhone is exempt from the White House’s latest escalation of the trade war with China, the Trump administration quietly announced late Friday.  At one point,  Apple  had lost almost $800 billion of market value after Trump officials claimed imposing sky-high tariffs on Chinese-made goods would shift iPhone assembly to American factories.  Instead, President  Trump  blinked—again.
President Trump’s tariff exemptions on some electronics are the latest twist in U.S. trade policy and could benefit companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Dell, Samsung and others that manufacture some products abroad.
The episode is a great lesson for all investors, veteran investor says.
Shares of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) are currently 26% below their peak from December last year (as of April 10), a drop that has been spurred by ongoing tariff announcements.  As of this writing, there is a huge 145% tariff that's implemented on goods leaving China for the U.S. If this remains in place, it could harm Apple, because 80% of its production is still based in China, according to estimates from Evercore.  If the increased costs are eaten by Apple, on the other hand, its profitability will definitely take a hit.
President Trump's move Friday to give big tech companies a tariff break may give markets a boost on Monday.
President Donald Trump has announced exemptions from tariffs for a range of technology products, including smartphones, laptops, chips, and other electronics.
Three Motley Fool contributors think they've identified magnificent stocks that could double or more by 2030.  Here's why they picked CRISPR Therapeutics (NASDAQ: CRSP), Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT), and Viking Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VKTX) as stocks worth buying now.  Prosper Junior Bakiny (CRISPR Therapeutics): Despite creating Casgevy, the first CRISPR-based gene-editing medicine to earn regulatory approval, CRISPR Therapeutics has not performed well in the past year and a half since hitting that milestone.
The worst may be on the horizon for this technology giant caught in the tariff turmoil.
TAIPEI (Reuters) -Shares in Asian tech companies that are major suppliers to companies like Apple rose on Monday after the U.S. government granted temporary exclusions from steep tariffs on smartphones, computers and some other electronics imported largely from China.  Shares in Foxconn, Apple's largest iPhone assembler, gained around 4% in Monday morning trade, with contract laptop maker Quanta up 7% and Inventec - which also makes artificial intelligence servers - rising 4%.  Shares in China's Goertek and Lens Tech - both Apple suppliers - also rose 3% and 1.1% respectively.
We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But more […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.