Title: Apple is developing specialized chips for smart glasses and AI servers, Bloomberg News reports
Date: 2025-05-08 17:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-developing-specialized-chips-smart-174551666.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Reuters) -Apple is developing specialized chips that will power future devices including its first smart glasses, artificial intelligence servers and new MacBooks, Bloomberg News reported on Thursday.
The iPhone-maker has made progress on the chip that it's developing for smart glasses, the report said, citing people with knowledge of the matter.
This indicates that Apple is doubling-down to compete with the popular Ray-Ban glasses offered by Meta Platforms.
Apple did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.
Other processors in development will serve as the brains of future Macs as well as AI servers that can power the Apple Intelligence platform, according to the report.
In a bid to compete in the lucrative AI market, Apple has made efforts to add on-device AI features to its latest line of iPhones with Apple Intelligence — a suite that helps summarize notifications, rewrite emails and give users access to OpenAI's ChatGPT, among other features.
The company has already made strides in the development of in-house silicon and, in February, revealed its first custom-designed modem chip that connects iPhones to wireless data networks.
The processor for its glasses is based on chips used in the Apple Watch that require less energy than components in products like the iPhone, iPad and Mac, the report stated.
The chip, which could enter mass production by the end of next year or in 2027, has been customized for power efficiency and to control the multiple cameras that are planned for the glasses, Bloomberg reported.
The chip will be manufactured by Taiwan's TSMC and the glasses — if successful — are likely to come to market in roughly the next two years, the report added.
Apple is also working on several new Mac chips, including processors that will likely be known as the M6 and M7, according to the report.
(Reporting by Arsheeya Bajwa in Bengaluru; Editing by Alan Barona)
Apple "has incentive for Google to appear weaker in search," at least one analyst said Thursday, brushing off the sharp drop in Alphabet stock seen Wednesday.
Apple has asked a federal appeals court to temporarily pause key provisions in a U.S. judge’s ruling that ordered the tech company to immediately open its lucrative App Store to more competition.  Apple told the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in a filing on Wednesday that it will be irreparably harmed if the April 30 order is not put on hold while the iPhone maker’s legal challenge is pending.  Apple is fighting a ruling that found the company in contempt of an earlier order in a 2020 antitrust lawsuit brought by Epic Games, maker of the online video game Fortnite.
If you're looking for possible blue chip stocks to buy, a great place to start is by looking in Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio.  Warren Buffett's company includes many safe investments that you can hang on to for not only years, but potentially forever.  Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), American Express (NYSE: AXP), and Occidental Petroleum (NYSE: OXY) are all among Berkshire's top holdings, and these stocks are down at least 5% this year, with a couple of them falling by more than 20%.
The company filed an emergency motion to temporarily fend off changes to the U.S. App Store that were ordered by a district court judge in its antitrust suit with Epic Games.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Learn what determines mortgage rates, from inflation and the Fed to your credit score. Understanding rates allows you to be fully prepared when buying a house.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.