Title: Apple fans won’t stay loyal if tariffs mean $2,000 iPhones, top analyst warns
Date: 2025-04-14 20:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-fans-won-t-stay-202605693.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple has created a loyal fan base of customers willing to pay premium prices for their products, like iPhones. The company’s strategy has long revolved around product differentiation, brand equity, and perception of value—but one longtime observer warns that a sudden jolt from large tariff-fueled price increases would deter even the most staunch Apple loyalist.
“If someone charged you $7 for a slice of pizza, even the best slice of pizza, you wouldn’t buy it,” Dan Ives, Wedbush Securities managing director, told Fortune on Monday. “So everything has a price.”
The Trump administration announced late Friday that some electronics, such as smartphones, chips, and computers, were temporarily exempted from the 145% import tariffs on goods from China. The exemptions also offer relief for companies like Apple that assemble devices in China and import them. The iPhone maker’s shares have suffered since Trump ramped up tariffs on China.
However, in a social media post on Sunday, President Trump said, “NOBODY is getting ‘off the hook,’” while adding that the exempted products are “just moving to a different Tariff ‘bucket.’” Apple is getting some breathing room as it does not have to automatically start passing massive price increases on to U.S. consumers, Wedbush analysts wrote in a note on Sunday evening. But there’s still caution ahead.
“If the 145% China tariffs came into play we believe Apple would have no choice but to start charging $2,000-plus for iPhone Pro once inventory levels came down,” the analysts wrote.
Meanwhile, amid ongoing tariff uncertainty, many Apple customers are flocking to stores to make purchases before any potential price bumps. Apple employees from locations across the U.S. said stores were filled with customers the weekend following Trump’s announcement of reciprocal tariffs. Apple’s retail stores in the U.S. saw higher sales that weekend than in prior years in at least some major markets, Bloomberg reported.
The “panic buying” is also about the other bucket of tariffs that could come over the next few months, Ives told Fortune. “When you create that level of uncertainty, it causes chaos in the supply chain,” he said.
Apple took the top spot for global smartphone sales in Q1 on the back of the iPhone 16e’s launch and strong demand, data from Counterpoint Research showed, according to Reuters. And a survey from International Data Corporation found global smartphone shipments rose 1.5% in the first quarter, with Apple front-loading supply to sidestep potential tariffs.
Apple investors need to look past the next three months and “assume China tariff negotiations take a positive turn,” Wedbush analysts wrote in Sunday’s note. The firm maintains an outperform rating and a $250 price target.
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
On Friday the Trump administration paused its new taxes on electronics imported into the U.S. — signaling some relief from trade wars that have particularly escalated with China, a major exporter of technology from smartphones to laptops.  Here's what we know.  Are electronics exempt from Trump's newest tariffs?  Late Friday, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection said that electronics, including smartphones and laptops, would be excluded from broader, so-called “reciprocal” tariffs — meaning these goods wouldn't be subject to most tariffs levied on China to date or the 10% baseline levies imposed on other countries.
Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in.
Harrie Schippers will be succeeded by Brice Poplawski who will serve as SVP and CFO, effective June 2.
Apple and other companies might have a chance to negotiate tariff exemptions, potentially in exchange for U.S. manufacturing commitments.
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has managed to dodge a potential disaster as its key consumer electronics have been exempted from the 125% tariffs on goods manufactured in China by President Donald Trump. What Happened: The tariff exemption announced by President Trump on Friday night encompasses iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, and AirTags. Furthermore, the 10% tariff on goods imported from other countries has been waived off for these products. Despite the possibility of a new, lower sectoral tar
Apple stock was upgraded by KeyBanc after smartphones, computers, and other electronics were exempted from President Donald Trump's "reciprocal" tariffs.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […]
U.S. stocks edged up Monday as investors digested mixed messages on the trade war, following some of the most chaotic and turbulent weeks in recent market memory.
Seven Republican U.S. senators have sent a letter to U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, urging him to scrap a Biden administration rule restricting global access to AI chips before it kicks in next month.  The letter, signed by senators Pete Ricketts, Tommy Tuberville and Thom Tillis, argues that the AI diffusion rule will damage U.S. leadership in artificial intelligence and calls for "immediate action" to halt it before it takes effect on May 15.  "Every day this rule remains in place, American companies face mounting uncertainty, stalled investments, and the risk of losing critical global partnerships that cannot be easily regained," said the letter, which was also signed by senators Markwayne Mullin, Ted Budd, Roger Wicker and Eric Schmitt.
Dorian LPG (LPG) closed the most recent trading day at $20.23, moving -1.51% from the previous trading session.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.