Title: Asian tech stocks bounce back after Trump tariff exemptions
Date: 2025-04-14 02:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/taiwan-tech-supply-chain-stocks-023141171.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
TAIPEI (Reuters) -Shares in Asian tech companies that are major suppliers to companies like Apple rose on Monday after the U.S. government granted temporary exclusions from steep tariffs on smartphones, computers and some other electronics imported largely from China.
Shares in Foxconn, Apple's largest iPhone assembler, gained around 4% in Monday morning trade, with contract laptop maker Quanta up 7% and Inventec - which also makes artificial intelligence servers - rising 4%.
The broad index was up around 1%.
Shares in China's Goertek and Lens Tech - both Apple suppliers - also rose 3% and 1.1% respectively.
Shares in South Korea's Samsung Electronics, which supplies Apple and is also the second-ranked smartphone vendor in the U.S. market, gained 2%.
"We view the dizzying weekend tariff news as a step forward net positive for Apple as well as other tech names as it gives some flexibility and allows for China negotiations to hopefully take place in the coming months," Wedbush Securities analyst Dan Ives said in a note.
Analysts have warned that U.S. prices of iPhones could surge, given Apple's high reliance on imports from China. Apple chartered cargo flights to ferry 600 tons of iPhones, or as many as 1.5 million, to the U.S. from India, Reuters reported last week.
U.S. President Donald Trump said on social media on Sunday the electronics products excluded from his reciprocal tariffs "are just moving to a different Tariff 'bucket," and would be reviewed along with semiconductors in a national security trade investigation into the sector.
Shares of some chipmakers bucked the trend, after Trump said on Air Force One that he would announce a tariff rate on imported semiconductors over the next week, though he added there would be flexibility on some companies in the sector.
Shares in TSMC, the world's largest contract chipmaker, slipped into the red having opened up, while memory chipmaker SK Hynix fell 0.2%.
Alex Huang, vice president of Mega International Investment Services, said the market on Monday morning was reacting to Trump's exemption announcement, but the reaction may be too early as details are still to come out.
"It's impossible that semiconductors will be exempt from the tariffs, as that would eliminate the need for any bargaining chips in talks with the United States," he added.
TSMC is due to report first-quarter earnings on Thursday.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Additional reporting by Emily Chan; Writing by Miyoung Kim; Editing by Jamie Freed)
The episode is a great lesson for all investors, veteran investor says.
President Trump’s tariff exemptions on some electronics are the latest twist in U.S. trade policy and could benefit companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Dell, Samsung and others that manufacture some products abroad.
The iPhone is exempt from the White House’s latest escalation of the trade war with China, the Trump administration quietly announced late Friday.  At one point,  Apple  had lost almost $800 billion of market value after Trump officials claimed imposing sky-high tariffs on Chinese-made goods would shift iPhone assembly to American factories.  Instead, President  Trump  blinked—again.
President Trump's move Friday to give big tech companies a tariff break may give markets a boost on Monday.
We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued billionaire […]
Shares of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) are currently 26% below their peak from December last year (as of April 10), a drop that has been spurred by ongoing tariff announcements.  As of this writing, there is a huge 145% tariff that's implemented on goods leaving China for the U.S. If this remains in place, it could harm Apple, because 80% of its production is still based in China, according to estimates from Evercore.  If the increased costs are eaten by Apple, on the other hand, its profitability will definitely take a hit.
President Donald Trump has announced exemptions from tariffs for a range of technology products, including smartphones, laptops, chips, and other electronics.
Three Motley Fool contributors think they've identified magnificent stocks that could double or more by 2030.  Here's why they picked CRISPR Therapeutics (NASDAQ: CRSP), Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT), and Viking Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VKTX) as stocks worth buying now.  Prosper Junior Bakiny (CRISPR Therapeutics): Despite creating Casgevy, the first CRISPR-based gene-editing medicine to earn regulatory approval, CRISPR Therapeutics has not performed well in the past year and a half since hitting that milestone.
The worst may be on the horizon for this technology giant caught in the tariff turmoil.
We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But more […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.