Title: This Top Dividend ETF Is Making Some Major Changes
Date: 2025-03-26 07:18
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/03/26/this-top-dividend-etf-is-making-some-major-changes/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=44383311-d055-4e90-8603-a88dd103af77&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
TheSchwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF(SCHD-0.08%)is one of the largest exchange-traded funds (ETFs) focused on dividend stocks. The fund has over $77.5 billion in assets under management (AUM), making it the second-biggest fund geared specifically toward dividend investing.
TheSchwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETFdoesn't just invest in any dividend stock. It focuses on companies with the highest-quality payouts.The fund tracks theDow Jones U.S. Dividend 100 Index,whichselects stocks based on their ability to paysustainable dividends that steadily grow.
The managers of that index screen companies to ensure they meet and maintain the highest-quality dividend standards. Once a year, they remove companies that no longer pass their review and replace them with higher-quality dividend stocks.The index recently completed its annual reconstitution,which ledthedividend ETFto makesomemajorchanges.
The managers of the Dow Jones U.S. Dividend 100 Index screen companies based on four dividend quality characteristics:
The index recently cut 23 companies from its list and replaced them with 23 new ones. Because the Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF tracks this index, it made the same changes to its holdings.
Among the 23 deletions isindustrialgiant3M(MMM-2.11%). It's easy to see why 3M is no longer on the list of top dividend stocks. Last May, 3M slashed its quarterly dividend payment from $1.51 to $0.70 per share. That ended a streak of 64 years of dividend growth for the industrial conglomerate.
Several factors contributed to the cut, including legal liabilities and the spinoff of its former healthcare unit to createSolventum. With dividend growth a key quality factor, 3M had to go.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is818%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Another notable deletion from the list was semiconductor giantBroadcom(AVGO-1.89%). Unlike 3M, Broadcom has continued to increase its dividend. Lastyear, itraisedits payment by another 11%. That extended its growth streak to 14 straight years.
Where Broadcom falls short is its dividend yield. With its stock price rallying last year due to artificial intelligence (AI)-driven enthusiasm for its semiconductors, Broadcom's dividend yield is down to 1.2%. That's lower than theS&P 500(^GSPC-1.11%)(1.3% yield) and the average yield of stocks in the index (3.5%). Because of that, it was no longer a good fit for a dividend-focused investment vehicle.
The ETF is replacing the dividend stocks it cut with several new ones that pay even higher-quality dividends. For example, it added the high-yieldingVail Resorts(MTN0.10%). The ski resort operator currently yields 5.5%. Vail also has a solid record of paying a growing dividend.
While Vail had to suspend its payout during the pandemic, it reinstated its dividend as conditions improved. Vail has continued to steadily raise the payment, including by another 8% last year:
MTN Dividenddata byYCharts
Hershey Foods(HSY-0.33%)is another notable addition. The leading chocolate and snacking company pays a delectable dividend that yields 3.3%. It has delivered strong dividend growthin recent years, including raising its payment by 15% in early 2024. Hershey's aims to continue growing its dividendin the futureas its earnings increase.
The Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF makes it easy to invest in dividend-paying stocks. The fund tracks an index that screens for the highest-quality dividend payers. It will remove stocks that no longer meet its quality characteristics and replace them with those that do. That saves you the work ofhaving to findthe best dividend stocks to invest in. It makes the fund an easy way to collect a growing stream of very passive dividend income.
Before you buy stock inSchwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andSchwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETFwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Matt DiLallohas positions in Broadcom, Hershey, and Vail Resorts. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends 3M, Hershey, and Vail Resorts. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom and Solventum. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.