Title: 3M Stock Soared in Q1 While the S&P 500 Struggled. Here's Why.
Date: 2025-04-04 16:11
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/04/3m-stock-soared-in-q1-while-the-sp-500-struggled-h/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=e8e8c23c-8c11-410c-9986-604c4478c702&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Given the tumultuous events in April, it's easy to forget that3M(MMM-2.11%)stock is actually up on the year; at least, it is at the time of writing! That's due to an impressive first-quarter performance of 13.8%, according to data provided byS&P Global Market Intelligence.
The increase reflects a growing confidence in CEO Bill Brown's plans to turn the company's fortunes around. Over the last decade, the company has been dogged by weak sales growth, a lack of innovation and new product introductions (NPI), uncertainty around its legal and financial exposure to its previous production of PFAS chemicals, and allegedly faulty combat arms earplugs. On top of that, the previous management spent a lot of time and money investing in thehealthcarebusiness, with little to show in overall improvement.
The good news is that many of these issues are improving, and where it's too early for improvement, Brown has plans in action. For example, the healthcare business was spun off asSolventumlast year, and 3M has made settlements over PFAS and combat arms earplugs, giving investors and management clarity around the payments to come.
With these distractions out of the way, management can better concentrate on improving the business. As such, Brown has laid out several initiatives and opportunities for improvement in 3M's execution. They include a renewed focus onresearch and developmentto generate NPIs, significantly improving the efficiency of its asset utilization and reducing its working capital requirements. In addition, Brown has been candid about the need to improve on-time full deliveries to customers, notably in the safety and industrial segment.
Most of these things are blocking and tackling initiatives meant to generate operational efficiency. It's not the sexiest of investment propositions. Still, it's similar to the kind of work Larry Culp did in improving operations at the former General Electric, ultimately producing stellar returns for investors.
Image source: Getty Images.
The company's financial targets for 2027 call for growth in excess of its industry, accompanied by margin expansion, leading to high-single-digit earnings growth and solidfree-cash-flowgeneration.
Some support from the economy would help, and before recent events, there were signs of improvement in its electronics and semiconductors end markets, in particular. If the economy can get back on the right track, 3M investors can look forward to a combination of decent top-line growth and ongoing margin expansion driven by the opportunity to improve operational performance -- a value opportunity.
Before you buy stock in3M, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and3Mwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Lee Samahahas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends 3M. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.