Title: Scotch Brand Celebrates 100 Years of Innovation and Reliability
Date: 2025-03-04 14:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/scotch-brand-celebrates-100-years-143000519.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
NORTHAMPTON, MA /ACCESS Newswire/ March 4, 2025 /3M:
Originally published on 3M News Center
This year marks a significant milestone for3M's Scotch™ Brandas it celebrates its 100th anniversary. Since the invention of Scotch Masking Tape in 1925, Scotch Brand has grown and evolved into more than a thousand varieties of adhesive tape and products. These solutions are integral to families, friendships, and entire industries-from shipping, packaging, home, and office to automotive, construction, manufacturing, electronics, and more.
The origins of an iconic invention
In 1925, 3M was known as a sandpaper manufacturer and engineer Richard Drew was delivering samples to automotive repair shops. Drew noticed that workers were having difficulty achieving a clean finish on trending two-tone paint jobs-the paint kept peeling off with the tape when it was removed. Using crepe paper and cabinetmaker glue, he created a different kind of tape, ideal for solving the challenge he saw as well as many other applications-it was marketed as Scotch® masking tape.
Just five years later, Drew iterated on his design and developed transparent Scotch® cellophane tape. This invention was another game-changer, providing a simple yet effective way to seal packages, repair materials and much more.
From novel solution to global brand
Over the decades, Scotch Brand has evolved into a variety of products that have become staples in homes, offices and businesses worldwide. Whether they are supporting repairs or sealing, protecting, insulating, labeling, and holding materials together, Scotch products empower originality, efficiency, and problem-solving. A century after its inception, this resourcefulness continues to guide the brand and inspires future innovations.
Some of the most notable solutions in the Scotch Brand portfolio include:
Scotch® Magic™ Tape: Launched in 1961, this matte-finish tape became famous for its invisible appearance on paper and now has hundreds of uses.
ScotchBlue™ PROSharp Painters Tape with Edge-Lock™+ Technology: Delivers the professional edge you need to stand out on your next painting or home improvement project.
Scotch® Gift-Wrap Tape: This solution is perfect for a smooth, flawless wrapping and adhering small touches that leave a big impact.
Scotch® Heavy Duty Packaging Tape, just one strip has the ultimate strength to get the job done whether you're preparing for an upcoming move or shipping a package.
Local production, global delivery
Scotch Brand tapes and products are made in facilities around the United States, from Cynthiana, Ky., to Menomonie, Wis., and Hutchinson, Minn.-where every roll of Scotch Magic Tape begins, and 12 million miles of tape are manufactured each year. From these facilities, Scotch Brand products are distributed globally, reaching customers around the world and giving them the tools to tackle their day.
A rich history and bright future
As Scotch Brand celebrates its centennial, it continues to innovate and adapt to the changing needs of consumers. With a legacy built on trust and ingenuity, Scotch Brand is poised to remain a leader in the adhesive products industry for many years to come.
"You wouldn't think tape has such a rich story around its origin … but it does," says Heather Green, Portfolio President, Consumer Business Portfolio at 3M. This year, we get to celebrate that history and look forward to what's next. Innovation is rooted in exploration and discovery, and it is what continues to inspire us to bring new solutions to market every day. Together we will create more, fix more, and do more for the next 100 years!"
View additional multimedia and more ESG storytelling from 3M on 3blmedia.com.
Contact Info:
Spokesperson: 3MWebsite:https://www.3blmedia.com/profiles/3mEmail:info@3blmedia.com
SOURCE:3M
View the originalpress releaseon ACCESS Newswire
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.