Title: 3M vs. Griffon: Which Industrial Conglomerate Stock is a Stronger Pick?
Date: 2025-04-07 15:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3m-vs-griffon-industrial-conglomerate-155900966.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
3M CompanyMMM andGriffon CorporationGFF are both familiar names operating in the Zacks Diversified Operations industry. While 3M operates in the industrial, electrical, transportation, consumer and home care markets, Griffon provides consumer, professional, as well as home and building products in the United States and internationally.With considerable exposure in consumer and home care markets, both companies invest heavily in research and development to generate innovative products, drive growth and gain market share. But which one is a better investment today? Let’s take a closer look at their fundamentals, growth prospects and challenges to make an informed choice.
3M is witnessing solid momentum in the Safety and Industrial segment, driven by strength in roofing granules and electrical markets. Significant orders for aluminum high-capacity conductors and power cable accessories in Asia and the United States, driven by an increase in demand from data centers, augur well in the quarters ahead. The segment’s organic sales improved approximately 2.4% year over year in the fourth quarter of 2024.The company’s Transportation and Electronics segment is benefiting from strength in the aerospace and electronics end markets. Solid electronics demand, backed by an increase in production volume by electronics original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers, is proving beneficial for the segment. The segment’s adjusted organic revenues grew 2% in the fourth quarter.3M is committed to rewarding its shareholders handsomely through dividend payments and share buybacks. In 2024, it paid dividends worth $2 billion and repurchased shares for $1.8 billion. At the end of 2024, the company had $2.4 billion remaining under the share repurchase program. In 2025, it anticipates a gross share repurchase of around $1.5 billion.However, weakness in the consumer retail end markets, owing to a decrease in consumer discretionary spending, remains a concern. This is reflected in the Consumer segment’s results, which declined 1.9% in 2024. There was a particular weakness in the packaging & expression, home & auto care and consumer safety and well-being businesses. The company expects consumer retail discretionary spending on hardline goods to remain muted in the near term, which is likely to hurt its overall performance.MMM’s high debt level remains another concern for its profitability. Exiting 2024, the company’s long-term debt was $11.1 billion. Its short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt totaled $1.9 billion. Also, interest expenses in 2024 increased 26.5% year over year to $1.2 billion.The company has also been subject to several litigations, including earplug lawsuits. It has committed substantial funds to resolve these disputes, as ongoing litigation might lead to additional expenses. Per the terms of the Combat Arms Earplug settlement announced in August 2023, 3M agreed to pay a sum of $6 billion to resolve the litigation case over the period from 2023 to 2029.
Griffon is witnessing strong momentum in the Home and Building Products segment. Increased demand for its products, supported by the resiliency of repair and remodeling activity in the residential construction market, is driving the segment’s results (revenues are flat on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter of fiscal 2025).The U.S. residential construction market is seeing a recovery in single-family housing, supported by lower interest rates and builder incentives, which is likely to be beneficial for the segment in the quarters ahead. The recovery in the commercial construction market, driven by several projects undertaken by customers, is expected to benefit the segment.However, tepid consumer demand for project tools, outdoor decor and watering products has been hurting its Consumer and Professional Products segment’s performance. The segment’s revenues declined 4.2% year over year in the first quarter of fiscal 2025.Griffon continues to invest in the expansion and modernization of its key manufacturing and distribution facilities to drive growth.  For instance, the company expanded Clopay's Troy manufacturing facility, which will improve its manufacturing efficiencies and introduce new product lines. It also expanded the sectional door manufacturing capacity in Ohio to cater to the increasing demand for its premium products. Griffon plans to make additional investments in capacity expansion and technology in 2025.Also, GFF intends to strengthen and expand its businesses through acquisitions. In July 2024, it acquired an Australia-based company, Pope. Pope has expanded its residential watering product portfolio in the Australian market. The acquisition of Pope is anticipated to generate annual revenues of around $25 million and positively impact the company's earnings in the first full year of ownership.
While the Zacks Consensus Estimate for MMM’s 2025 sales implies a year-over-year decline of 10%, the same for its earnings per share (EPS) indicates growth of 6.7%. While the EPS estimates for 2025 have declined, the estimates for 2026 have increased over the past 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
While the Zacks Consensus Estimate for GFF’s fiscal 2025 sales implies a year-over-year decline of 1.2%, the same for EPS indicates growth of 11.5%. GFF’s EPS estimates have been trending northward over the past 60 days for both fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
In the past six months, 3M shares have lost 5.7%, while Griffon stock has inched up 0.4%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
3M is trading at a forward 12-month price-to-earnings ratio of 15.97X, above its median of 12.03X over the last three years. Griffon’s forward earnings multiple sits at 10.80X, close to its median of 10.58X over the same time frame.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
3M’s strength in the safety, industrial and transportation markets has been dented by the weakness in its consumer retail market. Also, MMM’s expensive valuation and downward earnings estimate revisions warrant a cautious approach for existing investors.In contrast, Griffon’s robust momentum in the Home and Building Products segment, growth investments and accretive acquisitions bode well for strong growth in the quarters ahead. Additionally, GFF’s attractive valuation is more appealing and its upwardly revised estimates instil confidence.Given these factors, GFF seems a better pick for investors than MMM currently. While GFF carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), 3M currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
3M Company (MMM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Griffon Corporation (GFF) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Griffon Corporation's (GFF) stock can provide the diversification that investors may need during an ongoing trade war.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Value Dividend Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where 3M Company (NYSE:MMM) stands against other best value dividend stocks. Dividends, though sometimes underappreciated, have significantly contributed to long-term investor gains. Between 1960 and the end of […]
Range Resources (RRC) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.