Title: 3M 2025 State of Science Insights Reveals Optimism for the Future
Date: 2025-03-12 15:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3m-2025-state-science-insights-150000163.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Originally published on 3M News Center
NORTHAMPTON, MA /ACCESS Newswire/ March 12, 2025 /Mobility, work, safety, and the energy economy fundamentally shape our daily lives. Regardless of where people reside, these four areas significantly influence our home life, work environment, and community interactions.
People worldwide acknowledge the challenges associated with these topics. However, there is a prevailing sense of optimism about how each area can positively impact our future. This optimism creates opportunities for businesses and governments to collaborate, leveraging science and innovation to address today's most pressing challenges.
"As a global leader in materials science, technology and manufacturing, 3M is uniquely positioned and committed to leading the way with transformative solutions," said 3M's corporate scientist and chief science advocate, Dr. Jayshree Seth. "We are dedicated to innovation and science-based problem-solving to deliver scalable, effective solutions to a world eager for progress, with a promise to help build a better future for all."
In partnership with Morning Consult, 3M conducted original research in the areas of mobility, work, safety and energy to uncover insights and preferences of people around the world.*
Mobility finds people open to innovation, but prefer personal autonomy
Not only do people prioritize travel via personal vehicles, but they also embrace innovation in the technology that drives them - especially as they look to the future. Only about 21% surveyed said they have electric or hybrid vehicles today-but about half, 53%, said they would prefer to have one if cost were not a factor. For now, cost is very much a factor: 80% say it's the main concern they have about electric vehicles (EVs). Almost as many, 79%, say battery range discourages them in purchasing one, and 78% say the ability to find chargers does the same. Safety, fire risk and the environmental impact of producing lithium batteries were among other concerns.
Fortunately, ongoing innovation is actively addressing these issues. 3M is making strides in battery, adhesive, and display technologies that can make EVs lighter, safer and, easier to operate. For example,3M Glass Bubblesmake composite materials lighter, which means cars built using them can be more efficient. Specialized3M adhesivesare also enabling vehicle manufacturers to disassemble EV battery packs more efficiently, allowing them to reduce waste, enable repairs, and repurpose or recycle batteries. And3M optical filmsimprove in-cabin displays and vehicle connectivity to boost vehicle efficiency, provide passenger entertainment, and increase a driver's ability to focus on the road.
Manufacturing earns respect, but many believe it offers low pay and lacks job security
Three-quarters of those surveyed view manufacturing jobs as having a positive impact on the economy and 41% associate those jobs with skilled labor. Respect for those who work manufacturing jobs is high at 78%, and 78% also support the creation of more training opportunities to fill those jobs.
Sixty-five percent of people believe new technologies will lead to more job opportunities, but 70% say they worry about automation taking these jobs away. Still, a majority, at 71%, agree the workforce needs more manufacturing jobs and 61% believe that the manufacturing job market is likely to grow in the next five years.
People also recognize the importance of technical skills: 74% say today's manufacturing jobs require more workers with technology skills. When asked if they would steer a young person toward certain career paths, 80% said they would advise the skilled trades and 78% said STEM careers-followed closely by 75% suggesting green jobs and 68% suggesting manufacturing jobs.
To address the need for training and opportunities in manufacturing, 3M has launched several initiatives. The company created theManufacturing and Academic Partnerships (MAP) programto give people training and hands-on experience with the engineering, computer and manufacturing skills they'll need to work in the skilled trades. 3M is also strengthening its 40-year partnership withSkillsUSA, the nation's premier workforce development organization, to address the country's skilled trades gap by providing more opportunities for young people interested in the trades and manufacturing. To bring more attention to the sector and its career promise, 3M released the docuseries,Skilled, to showcase the real-life experiences of four skilled trade workers in plumbing, fall protection, welding, and film production-along with a glimpse of future opportunities.
Safety is always a concern, but in a changing workplace it takes on new meaning
Advancing technology affects not only the job market, but the physical workplace where new machines require new kinds of vigilance. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration identified automation and robotics, including human-robot interaction, as one of the top "workplace safety landscape"trendsof 2025. When people think about health and safety, however, 60% of them say their concern extends to the workplace, 57% include hobbies, sports, and the home and 62% extend that to everyday activities such as traveling and shopping.
Most people, 82% of those surveyed, believe employers are responsible for workplace safety, and almost as many, 72%,currently feel their employers provide needed safety equipment. Slightly fewer at 67% feel employers provide needed safety training.
Developing products and solutions that keep people safe is a hallmark of 3M innovation. In 2020, the3M N95 respiratorbecame a household name as it provided vital protection against airborne contaminants related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 3M also provides virtual reality modules that train people towork at great heights, and how to properly wear harnesses that reduce the potential fall risk when performing these jobs.High-performance reflective 3M road materialsmake signage and crosswalks more visible, creating safer environments for everyone from children in school zones to highway workers on the road.
Most people consider new global sources of energy to be a top priority-and look to science for answers
As nations emphasize energy security, the focus on investing in resilient energy solutions has intensified. Nearly seven out of 10 individuals expect job growth in the energy sector over the next decade and 75% believe that their governments should increase investment in creating jobs within the clean energy sector.
There is broad support for strategies like renewable energy at 79%, clean transportation at 78%, energy efficiency at 77%, and nuclear energy at 62%.
3M is using its size, scale and innovation to help address sustainability. 3M is supporting the developinghydrogen economy-from production to storage and shipping solutions. For example, just ten grams of the innovative3M™ Nanostructured Supported Iridium Catalyst Powdercan help separate ten tons of hydrogen from water while preventing 100 tons of carbon emissions annually.
Additionally, a resilient and intelligent electrical grid is essential to meet the increasing energy demands of modern economies.3M's Sensored Cable Accessoriesprovide real-time data on electrical grid performance, helping utilities detect faults, optimize energy distribution, and reduce their downtime. By integrating sensors into cable accessories, these smart grid solutions can help utilities enhance predictive maintenance, minimize outages, and improve overall grid resilience. 3M's global team is dedicated to driving innovation for customers and positioning 3M as a key collaborator in the transition to energy security.
People are aware, optimistic, and confident
Across the four critical areas of mobility, work, safety, and the energy economy, a consistent theme emerges: people recognize today's challenges, are optimistic about tomorrow's possibilities, and believe that solutions lie in the application of science and technology. 3M stands at this intersection, where innovation and optimism converge to drive positive impact and build a better future for all.
*Methodology:
Morning Consult conducted the poll between Nov. 19 and Dec. 17, 2024, among a national sample of 10,959 adults in each of 10 countries (U.S., U.K., Canada, Germany, France, Brazil, Mexico, China, Japan, and South Korea). The interviews were conducted online, and the data was weighted to approximate a target sample of adults for each market. Results from the full survey have a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points.
View additional multimedia and more ESG storytelling from 3M on 3blmedia.com.
Contact Info:Spokesperson: 3MWebsite:https://www.3blmedia.com/profiles/3mEmail:info@3blmedia.com
SOURCE:3M
View the originalpress releaseon ACCESS Newswire
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.