Title: Every 3M Investor Should Keep an Eye on These 3 Numbers
Date: 2025-04-03 12:15
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/03/every-3m-investor-mmm-stock-chart-numbers/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=ac2da7b4-d8f0-4edb-b917-5cdae88cd3a9&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
3M(MMM-2.11%)stock has had a wild ride. After years of litigation surrounding its multi-decade production of PFAS -- deemed "forever" chemicals that wreak havoc on the health of both exposed humans and ecosystems -- shares finally found a bottom last year. Over the past 12 months, 3M's share price has spiked by more than 50%.
After a large settlement, much of 3M's business has stabilized, including many gauges of profitability. But the company isn't completely in the clear yet. In fact, there could be even more PFAS lawsuits to come. That's a problem given the numbers below.
Last quarter, 3M'sreturn on assets-- a metric that tracks how good the company is at making money from its assets -- jumped back toward historical levels. The same occurred with 3M'sreturn on equity-- a metric that shows how good it is at generating profits for every dollar of shareholder equity. If you ignore the last few years of abnormal financial results, ROA for 3M has averaged just above 10% in recent years, with ROE hovering just below 30%.
How can returns on equity be 30% while returns on assets are just 10%? This is the dynamic that current investors must understand.
MMM Return on Equitydata byYCharts
Companies can boost returns on equity by taking on debt. Greater debt levels, all things equal, will generate higher returns on equity versus lower debt levels. That's great news for shareholders unless those debt levels become unsustainable, potentially forcing the company into bankruptcy, typically wiping out equity holders.
Since the PFAS legal troubles began, 3M's debt-to-equity levels have risen substantially. That's helped ROE rebound despite lower than average ROA levels. But the next few years could see more financial instability for 3M stemming from additional class-action lawsuits, and even legal challenges brought by well-financed state governments like California and New York.
3M is far from going bankrupt, but its recent financial results were partially fueled by high debt levels. That could become an issue if more litigation rolls in.
Before you buy stock in3M, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and3Mwasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Ryan Vanzohas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends 3M. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.