Title: Federal judge sides with 3M in White male ex-employee’s bias claim
Date: 2025-03-14 16:23
URL: https://www.hrdive.com/news/judge-sides-with-3m-white-male-reverse-bias-claim/742613/?.tsrc=rss

Let HR Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
The plaintiff alleged that Black female employees who similarly violated workplace rules were not fired like he was.
Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act prohibits employment discrimination when making decisions about discipline and discharge, according to U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission guidance. Such prohibitions includedifferential treatment of two employeeswho commit similar offenses on the basis of their race, sex, religion or other protected categories.
InBarnes, the court found that the plaintiff failed to show that 3M’s policy was applied differently to him compared to other workers. When confronted by his supervisor to put his phone away when he was caught using it, the plaintiff failed to put his phone in an appropriate area, the court said, whereas other employees at issue took steps to comply after being warned about the policy by management.
The decision is the latest involving allegations of discrimination by a majority-group plaintiff. Several federal courts have weighed in on such cases in recent weeks, with one Pennsylvania judge siding with a state university in aWhite male professor’s discrimination lawsuitalleging the existence of a racially hostile work environment. In a Texas lawsuit also filed by a White male university employee, a federal magistrate judgerefused to grant summary judgment to either side, instead holding that the plaintiff could bring his case before a jury.
Legal experts previously warned employers that lawsuits brought by majority-group plaintiffs — a category of cases known as “reverse discrimination” claims —may increase in the near-futurethanks in part to increased public scrutiny of workplace diversity, equity and inclusion programs.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
HR teams can serve as the bridge between technology and people, ensuring that organizations use AI to enhance human capabilities, write two Deloitte leaders.
Worksite visits and arrests at smaller worksites are already happening. Operations against bigger employers, coupled with the threat of penalties, are likely fast approaching.
Subscribe to HR Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
HR teams can serve as the bridge between technology and people, ensuring that organizations use AI to enhance human capabilities, write two Deloitte leaders.
Worksite visits and arrests at smaller worksites are already happening. Operations against bigger employers, coupled with the threat of penalties, are likely fast approaching.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines