Title: 3M Spin Off Solventum Targets Higher Margins, EPS Growth In 2025-2028 Strategy
Date: 2025-03-21 16:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3m-spin-off-solventum-targets-164434033.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
On Thursday,Solventum(NYSE:SOLV) hosted its 2025 Investor Day, during which it outlined its strategic priorities, its business segments, and its long-range plan (LRP) to drivegrowth and value creation.
Formerly3 M’s(NYSE:MMM) Health Care Business, Solventum, started trading as a newly independent healthcarecompany in April 2024.
The company offers solutions for wound care, surgery, dental prevention, procedures,orthodontics, and software.
“Solventum has tremendous potential, with attractive businesses, large and growing markets, and highly regarded brands. We have undertaken a significant transformation to unlock the potential of our Medical Surgical, Dental Solutions, and Health Information Systems businesses, positioning the company to drive accelerated growth and create shareholder value,” said Bryan Hanson, CEO of Solventum.
“Solventum has entered 2025 as a more focused company...Our long-range plan demonstrates the progress we made in the last year and reflects our confidence in our ability to accelerate sales growth, expand margins, deliver EPS growth, and improve free cash flow,” Hanson concluded.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.(NYSE:TMO) agreed to acquire Solventum’s Purification & Filtration (P&F) business for approximately$4.1 billion in cash in February.
Solventum’s Purification & Filtration business provides purification and filtration technologies for the production of biologics, medical technologies, and industrial applications.
Solventum reaffirmed its fiscal year 2025 guidance and announced its long-range plan (LRP) for 2025 through 2028:
Accelerate organic sales growth of 4% to 5% in 2028.
Expand operating margins to be 23% to 25% in 2028 (inclusive of ~200bps 3M COGS increase).
Generate EPS CAGR of 10% over the 3 years ending 2028
Drive free cash flow conversion of 80%+
Solventum reported fourth-quarter adjusted EPS of $1.41, beating the consensus of $1.32, and sales of $2.07 billion, beating theconsensus of $2.05 billion.
The company forecasts 2025 adjusted EPS of $5.45-$5.65, compared to a consensus of $5.50, and organic sales growthof +1.0% to +2.0%.
Price Action:SOLV stock is down 1.57% at $73.81 at the last check Friday.
Read Next:
Accenture Q2 FY2025 Earnings Almost Inline With Expectations, New Bookings Fall To $20.9 Billion, Tightens Annual Sales Growth Forecast
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This article3M Spin Off Solventum Targets Higher Margins, EPS Growth In 2025-2028 Strategyoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
We came across a bullish thesis on Solventum Corporation (NYSE:SOLV) on ValueInvestorsClub by GCA. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on SOLV. The company’s shares were trading at $74.24 when this thesis was published, vs. the closing price of $66.19 on Apr 11. SOLV is a healthcare company that develops, manufactures, and […]
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.