Coca-Cola Board of Directors Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend
2025-05-01 18-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-board-directors-declares-180000164.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
ATLANTA, May 01, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Coca-Cola Company today declared a regular quarterly dividend of 51 cents per common share, payable July 1 to shareowners of record of the company as of the close of business June 13.
About The Coca-Cola Company
The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is a total beverage company with products sold in more than 200 countries and territories. Our company’s purpose is to refresh the world and make a difference. We sell multiple billion-dollar brands across several beverage categories worldwide. Our portfolio of sparkling soft drink brands includes Coca-Cola, Sprite and Fanta. Our water, sports, coffee and tea brands include Dasani, smartwater, vitaminwater, Topo Chico, BODYARMOR, Powerade, Costa, Georgia, Fuze Tea, Gold Peak and Ayataka. Our juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverage brands include Minute Maid, Simply, innocent, Del Valle, fairlife and AdeS. We’re constantly transforming our portfolio, from reducing sugar in our drinks to bringing innovative new products to market. We seek to positively impact people’s lives, communities and the planet through water replenishment, packaging recycling, sustainable sourcing practices and carbon emissions reductions across our value chain. Together with our bottling partners, we employ more than 700,000 people, helping bring economic opportunity to local communities worldwide. Learn more at www.coca-colacompany.com and follow us on Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250430313113/en/
Contacts
Investors and Analysts: Robin Halpern, koinvestorrelations@coca-cola.com Media: Scott Leith, sleith@coca-cola.com
We recently published a list of These 10 Firms Were Battered by Dismal Earnings, Outlook Guidance. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Pony AI Inc. (NASDAQ:PONY) stands against other worst-performing stocks on Wednesday. A lackluster trading persisted on the stock market anew on Wednesday, with the three major indices […]
Coca-Cola Consolidated (NASDAQ: COKE) stock got hit with big sell-offs Thursday following the company's first-quarter earnings report.  Coca-Cola Consolidated reported its Q1 results after the market closed yesterday, and the market isn't happy with the results.  Coca-Cola Consolidated reported earnings per share of $11.87 on revenue of $1.58 billion in the quarter.
Market uncertainty sparked by U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff policy moves clubbed with environmental problems forced individuals and businesses to spend more on insurance policies in the reported quarter.  The Newark, New Jersey-based company's U.S. businesses posted adjusted operating income of $931 million in the quarter ended March 31, up from $805 million in the year-ago quarter.  PGIM, Prudential's global investment management business, reported an adjusted operating income of $156 million in the quarter, down from $169 million a year ago.
Ford pays a generous dividend yield while trading at a modest P/E ratio.
PepsiCo (NASDAQ:PEP) engages in the manufacture, marketing, distribution, and sale of various beverages and convenient foods worldwide. The 52-week range of PepsiCo stock price was $131.80 to $183.39. PepsiCo's dividend yield is 4.01%. It paid $5.42 ...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.