Coca-Cola Consolidated_ Q1 Earnings Snapshot
2025-04-30 21-22
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-consolidated-q1-earnings-212204371.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Coca-Cola Consolidated, Inc. (COKE) on Wednesday reported earnings of $103.6 million in its first quarter.
On a per-share basis, the Charlotte, North Carolina-based company said it had net income of $11.87. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring costs, were $15.61 per share.
The Coca-Cola bottler posted revenue of $1.58 billion in the period.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on COKE at https://www.zacks.com/ap/COKE
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks for the Next 12 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other best and worst dow stocks for the next 12 months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), or the Dow, […]
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Fast Food Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against the other fast food stocks. Fast food stocks are businesses that run quick-service restaurants. These stocks can be a smart option to invest in the […]
Coca-Cola has reported first-quarter 2025 results, wherein the top and bottom lines surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate.
Starbucks (SBUX) has a “grande” problem: It disappointed across the board in its second-quarter earnings report, sending its stock falling as it missed key revenue and earnings estimates.
The soda giant said a false viral video claiming the company reported Latino workers to ICE contributed to volume declines amid economic uncertainty.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was inspired […]
Olipop leaned on viral trends and toilet humor—and meeting consumers where they are at—to propel its soda as both fun and functional.
We recently published a list of How Did Jim Cramer’s 12 Bold Predictions Play Out?. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. During the most recent episode of Mad Money, Jim Cramer revisited the recent turbulence in […]
Says occupancy and cash ADR were both down slightly. Says posted record iGaming quarter. Says Vegas was versing difficult comp with Super Bowl last year. Says do not see any consumer softness that investors seem to be worried about. Says forward bookings still look quite strong. Says at capital spend inflection point. Says in free cash flow harvesting mode. Says 2025 will be record year for group with particular strength in Q4. Says 2026 will be another record year for group with particular stre
We recently published a list of 11 Oversold Global Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where LKQ Corporation (NASDAQ:LKQ) stands against other oversold global stocks to buy according to hedge funds. Global stocks are businesses that have a diversified revenue base and do not […]