Tap Coke-Heavy ETFs on Upbeat Earnings and Guidance
2025-04-30 09-32
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tap-coke-heavy-etfs-upbeat-093200171.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Coca-Cola Company KO has reported first-quarter 2025 results, wherein the top and bottom lines surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The company’s revenues declined year over year but earnings per share (EPS) improved. Shares of Coca-Cola reacted positively post earnings release.
Revenues of $11.13 billion dipped 2% year over year but slightly surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $11.12 billion. Organic revenues rose 6% from the prior-year quarter, led by growth across all segments.
The results have benefited from continued business momentum, aided by enhanced pricing across markets. This quarter’s results once again highlight the strength of KO’s resilient, all-weather strategy.
Coca-Cola reported a comparable EPS of 73 cents in the first quarter, up 1% from the year-ago period. Comparable EPS also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 71 cents. Unfavorable currency translations hurt the comparable EPS by 5 percentage points. Comparable currency-neutral earnings per share rose 6% year over year. (Find the latest EPS estimates and surprises on Zacks Earnings Calendar.)
Unlike peer PepsiCo PEP, Coke did not trim its full-year forecast due to tariff threat.For 2025, Coke is still anticipating that its organic revenue will grow 5% to 6% and comparable earnings per share will increase 2% to 3%.
Coke said its operations are “primarily local,” although costs, like aluminum and orange juice, could increase due to the ongoing trade wars triggered by President Donald Trump’s tariffs.
Heading into the second quarter, Coke faces tough year-over-year comparisons, as last year marked its strongest period. The company also anticipates some short-term “choppiness” due to trade conflicts, especially in the United States, even if those issues don’t directly impact its business.
Against this backdrop, investors can keep a watch on Coca-Cola-heavy exchange-traded funds (ETFs) like iShares U.S. Consumer Staples ETF IYK, Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF VDC, Fidelity Covington Trust MSCI Consumer Staples Index ETF FSTA and First Trust Nasdaq Food & Beverage ETF FTXG. Coca-Cola shares have 8% to 11% exposure to those funds.
 
 
 
 
 

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF (VDC): ETF Research Reports
iShares U.S. Consumer Staples ETF (IYK): ETF Research Reports
Fidelity MSCI Consumer Staples Index ETF (FSTA): ETF Research Reports
First Trust NASDAQ Food & Beverage ETF (FTXG): ETF Research Reports
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
We recently published a list of 12 Best Warren Buffett Stock Picks For Beginners. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other best Warren Buffett stocks to invest in. Warren Buffett, one of the most renowned names in the world of finance, was inspired […]
CWEN's first-quarter earnings and revenues increase year over year. Total operating costs and expenses rise during the same period.
Hims & Hers Health (HIMS) was a big mover last session on higher-than-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions might help the stock continue moving higher in the near term.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.