Title: Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights: Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, Berkshire Hathaway and Blackrock
Date: 2025-04-08 08:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-investment-ideas-feature-highlights-084200337.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Chicago, IL – April 8, 2025 – Today, Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights Coca-Cola KO, PepsiCo PEP, Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B) and Blackrock BLK. The consumer staples sector typically draws interest during economic downturns as consumers buy these products regardless of economic conditions. Seeing as beverages are one of the most essential consumer items, Coca-Cola stock is historically known to be a pleasant hedge against market volatility when economic uncertainty arises. This scenario is playing out with President Trump’s “Liberation Tariffs” rocking markets over the last few trading sessions. Amid the mayhem, Coca-Cola's stock hit a 52-week peak of $73 a share last Thursday and is sitting on +9% gains this year compared to the S&P 500’s 14% decline and rival PepsiCo’s 6% drop. Thanks to its global presence as one of the most recognized brands in the world, Coca-Cola’s stock has remained a primary holding of many mutual, pension, and hedge funds. Limiting panic selling that may arise from retail investors, 70% of Coca-Cola shares are owned by institutional shareholders including Berkshire Hathaway, Blackrock and Vanguard Group. What also helps Coca-Cola navigate more sensitive economic fluctuations is the company’s core focus on its flagship soda and other drink products as opposed to Pepsi, which has a diversified portfolio of snack products that can see demand wayward. While Coca-Cola and Pepsi both share the prestigious Dividend King title, it’s noteworthy that Coca-Cola still has the reliability edge. Having a current annual dividend yield of 2.92%, Coca-Cola has increased its dividend for 64 consecutive years while Pepsi has done so for 53 consecutive years. Coca-Cola is expected to post 2% sales growth in fiscal 2025 with its top line projected to expand another 5% in FY26 to $50.49 billion. Furthermore, annual earnings are slated to increase by 3% this year and are projected to spike another 8% in FY26 to $3.20 per share. Following its most recent rally, Coca-Cola stock trades at a 23.6X forward earnings multiple which is slightly above its Zacks Beverages-Soft drinks Industry average of 19.1X and Pepsi’s 17.7X. However, KO does trade beneath its decade-long high of 28.5X forward earnings and is on par with the median of 23.4X during this period. For now, Coca-Cola stock lands a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Despite trading at a premium to its peers in terms of P/E valuation, Coca-Cola stock has lived up to the notoriety of being a reliable defensive hedge against economic uncertainty. After recently hitting 52-week peaks there could be better buying opportunities but holding KO shares may be ideal as markets adjust to the implementation of an ongoing trade war. Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year. Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation. See Stocks Free >> Media Contact Zacks Investment Research 800-767-3771 ext. 9339 support@zacks.com https://www.zacks.com Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report BlackRock (BLK) : Free Stock Analysis Report Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.B) : Free Stock Analysis Report PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Gary Locke, Former Ambassador to China, discusses what may happen to the trading relationship between China & the US if the Trump Administration decides to impose a 104% tariff on China Wednesday. Locke goes into detail on how this 104% tariff will affect the prices of goods Americans buy, and make American made goods less appealing to Chinese consumers. He also talks about whether President Trump's reciprocal tariffs will make US trading partners more likely to trade with China rather than the US. Gary Locke speaks with Kailey Leinz and Joe Mathieu on the late edition of Bloomberg's "Balance of Power." Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Walmart Inc. (WMT), The Coca-Cola Company (KO) and HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC), as well a micro-cap stock Friedman Industries Inc. Common Stock (FRD). We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Steve Cohen. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other best stocks to buy according to billionaire Steve Cohen. Steve Cohen, a prominent figure in the world of hedge funds, […] For the week, it was down just 0.6% compared to a 7.9% decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI), a 9.1% sell-off in the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC), and a 10% decline in the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC).  Here's why Coca-Cola is holding its ground and whether the dividend stock seems worth buying now.  This outperformance may come as a surprise given it is a global company. Just about anyone on any budget can become an investor thanks to no-fee brokerages and fractional-share trading -- but the trick is to give your investments enough time to turn a little into a lot.... We recently published a list of 10 Defensive Stocks Billionaire Ken Fisher is Betting On. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) stands against other defensive stocks billionaire Ken Fisher is betting on. Ken Fisher, an American billionaire investor, author, and financial analyst, founded and runs Fisher Asset Management. […] - Inverse ETFs offer diversification by providing exposure that moves opposite to major indexes, offsets losses and reduces portfolio risk. - ETFs betting against U.S. stocks and indexes have surged amid tariff-related volatility. CVS Health Inc (NYSE:CVS) on Tuesday named Brian Newman as executive vice president and chief financial officer designate, effective April 21. He will succeed current chief financial officer Tom Cowhey, who will transition as a strategic advisor to president and chief executive officer David Joyner, effective May 12. Newman was most recently executive vice president and chief financial officer of United Parcel Service Inc (NYSE:UPS). Also Read: FTC Pauses Lawsuit Against CVS, Cigna, UnitedHealth I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
