The Coca-Cola Company's (NYSE_KO) high institutional ownership speaks for itself as stock continues 
2025-04-16 11-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-companys-nyse-ko-110020487.html?.tsrc=rss
Given the large stake in the stock by institutions, Coca-Cola's stock price might be vulnerable to their trading decisions
A total of 25 investors have a majority stake in the company with 48% ownership
Insiders have sold recently
AI is about to change healthcare. These 20 stocks are working on everything from early diagnostics to drug discovery. The best part - they are all under $10bn in marketcap - there is still time to get in early.
To get a sense of who is truly in control of The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO), it is important to understand the ownership structure of the business. We can see that institutions own the lion's share in the company with 64% ownership. In other words, the group stands to gain the most (or lose the most) from their investment into the company.
And things are looking up for institutional investors after the company gained US$15b in market cap last week. The gains from last week would have further boosted the one-year return to shareholders which currently stand at 27%.
Let's delve deeper into each type of owner of Coca-Cola, beginning with the chart below.
See our latest analysis for Coca-Cola
Institutions typically measure themselves against a benchmark when reporting to their own investors, so they often become more enthusiastic about a stock once it's included in a major index. We would expect most companies to have some institutions on the register, especially if they are growing.
We can see that Coca-Cola does have institutional investors; and they hold a good portion of the company's stock. This suggests some credibility amongst professional investors. But we can't rely on that fact alone since institutions make bad investments sometimes, just like everyone does. When multiple institutions own a stock, there's always a risk that they are in a 'crowded trade'. When such a trade goes wrong, multiple parties may compete to sell stock fast. This risk is higher in a company without a history of growth. You can see Coca-Cola's historic earnings and revenue below, but keep in mind there's always more to the story.
Since institutional investors own more than half the issued stock, the board will likely have to pay attention to their preferences. Coca-Cola is not owned by hedge funds. Our data shows that Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is the largest shareholder with 9.3% of shares outstanding. The Vanguard Group, Inc. is the second largest shareholder owning 8.4% of common stock, and BlackRock, Inc. holds about 7.1% of the company stock.