Why Nvidia's $500B AI build-out may not be 'smooth sailing'
2025-04-14 20:25
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/why-nvidias-500b-ai-build-202557360.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Nvidia (NVDA) is ramping up US production with plans to build supercomputer manufacturing plants in the US, but investor enthusiasm remains muted as questions swirl around AI demand and rising competition.Santosh Rao, head of research at Manhattan Venture Partners, explains why Nvidia's domestic manufacturing push isn't moving the stock.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Dominationhere.What I can't figure out, maybe you can help us understand it, is Nvidia. Right? Now they're going to, uh, build chips and AI platforms here in the US. So certainly, uh, tariffs aren't going to be relevant for them once that's up and running in a year. And yet the stock is barely up today, maybe half a percent. Can you help us understand why Nvidia isn't up more?Yeah, I think Nvidia has a lot of other things going as well. There is this suspicion that AI has run its course, uh, things like that. You know, maybe people have already got their chips already. So things like that. Then we had Deepseek, and there's some alternatives to Nvidia. Maybe you can do things cheaper and faster in some other ways. So that that total dominance of Nvidia is being threatened, though I don't believe that. Nvidia is still the major player. Uh, you need them for everything from robotics to cars to everything else. They are the core piece of every all the things that are going on, or that are coming down the pike. So I don't think Nvidia is at risk, but on the face of it, I think there is a risk. There is that feeling that maybe it's not smooth sailing. They're going to have some, they need to do some reinvention and be ahead of the game. So there are some challenges ahead. So they had other issues going as well. Uh, and Nvidia is playing the tariff game pretty well. They're well-positioned. They're already in, uh, in Arizona, and they agree to spend $500 million, which, billion, I think that's that's great as well. So I think they're doing the right things, so I think they're okay. But overall, I think AI, the whole whole setup around AI is kind of not as smooth as it was before.Deutsche Bank Global CIO&nbsp;Christian Nolting says he advises clients to expect further volatility in the equity and bond markets. He adds that there are opportunities to buy stocks if the S&P 500 index is below 5,000 levels. "We will buy the dip in the market if it is closer to recessionary levels," Nolting tells Bloomberg Television. There is "still some potential growth rate in the US and that's something which is still interesting for investors," he notes.Nvidia says it plans to mass-produce AI supercomputers, built entirely in the US, by 2026. The dominant player in AI is set to roll out half a trillion dollars worth of AI infrastructure over the next four years. Bloomberg's Brody Ford joins Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology" to discuss.LVMH sales fell more than expected in the first quarter, weighed down by weak demand for luxury goods in China and the US and the threat of a trade war. Bloomberg's Angelina Rascouet reports.A new analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston found that Americans are right to expect the costs of tariffs to be reflected in their receipts.Tariff talk has hurt shares of rival chip maker Nvidia, but Intel stock has barely moved. The company is refocusing its board on executive chip experience.TAIPEI (Reuters) -Advanced Micro Devices said on Tuesday its key processor chips would soon be made at TSMC's new production site in Arizona, marking the first time that its products will be manufactured in the United States.  Though AMD's plans predate U.S. President Donald Trump's return to office, tech companies' efforts to diversify their supply chains have taken on added significance given his escalating tariff war.  "Our new fifth-generation EPYC is doing very well, so we're ready to start production," AMD Chief Executive Lisa Su told reporters in Taipei, referring to its central processing unit (CPU) for data centers.If you're new to crypto, here's one idea you might not have heard before: Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC) could be ready to challenge the U.S. dollar as the world's reserve currency.  In his annual letter to investors this year, BlackRock (NYSE: BLK) CEO and Chairman, Larry Fink, suggested that Bitcoin had the potential to replace the U.S. dollar as the world's reserve currency.  The first is the entire notion of what a reserve currency should be, and what role it plays in the global economy.The filing in federal court in Texas by the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and business groups that brought the case asked U.S. District Judge Mark Pittman in Fort Worth to enter a final order terminating the late fee rule.  Pittman had previously blocked the CFPB from implementing the rule, which was part of Democratic President Joe Biden's broader crackdown on "junk fees,” though Trump’s Republican administration could have defended the rule on appeal.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […]Treasury Secretary&nbsp;Scott Bessent&nbsp;played down the recent selloff in the bond market, rejecting speculation that foreign nations were dumping their holdings of&nbsp;US Treasuries, while flagging that his department has tools to address dislocation if needed. He speaks exclusively to Bloomberg's Annmarie Hordern in in Buenos Aires.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.