Title: Gear Up for UnitedHealth (UNH) Q1 Earnings: Wall Street Estimates for Key Metrics
Date: 2025-04-14 13:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gear-unitedhealth-unh-q1-earnings-131518260.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Analysts on Wall Street project that UnitedHealth Group (UNH) will announce quarterly earnings of $7.27 per share in its forthcoming report, representing an increase of 5.2% year over year. Revenues are projected to reach $111.01 billion, increasing 11.2% from the same quarter last year.
The current level reflects an upward revision of 0.1% in the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter over the past 30 days. This demonstrates how the analysts covering the stock have collectively reappraised their initial projections over this period.
Ahead of a company's earnings disclosure, it is crucial to give due consideration to changes in earnings estimates. These revisions serve as a noteworthy factor in predicting potential investor reactions to the stock. Numerous empirical studies consistently demonstrate a strong relationship between trends in earnings estimate revision and the short-term price performance of a stock.
While it's common for investors to rely on consensus earnings and revenue estimates for assessing how the business may have performed during the quarter, exploring analysts' forecasts for key metrics can yield valuable insights.
Given this perspective, it's time to examine the average forecasts of specific UnitedHealth metrics that are routinely monitored and predicted by Wall Street analysts.
Analysts expect 'Revenues- Products' to come in at $13.33 billion. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +11.9%.
The average prediction of analysts places 'Revenues- Services' at $9.76 billion. The estimate suggests a change of +9.8% year over year.
According to the collective judgment of analysts, 'Revenues- Premiums' should come in at $86.94 billion. The estimate indicates a year-over-year change of +11.5%.
Analysts' assessment points toward 'Revenues- Investment and other income' reaching $1.06 billion. The estimate points to a change of +4.4% from the year-ago quarter.
Analysts predict that the 'Operating Statistics - Medical Care Ratio' will reach 85.9%. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 84.3%.
The combined assessment of analysts suggests that 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Commercial - Domestic- Risk-based' will likely reach 9 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 8.55 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
The consensus estimate for 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Commercial - Domestic- Fee-based' stands at 21.46 million. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 20.87 million.
Based on the collective assessment of analysts, 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Total Community and Senior' should arrive at 20.16 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 19.77 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
The consensus among analysts is that 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicare Advantage' will reach 8.21 million. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 7.76 million.
The collective assessment of analysts points to an estimated 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicaid' of 7.62 million. The estimate compares to the year-ago value of 7.68 million.
It is projected by analysts that the 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Community and Senior - Medicare Supplement (Standardized)' will reach 4.33 million. Compared to the current estimate, the company reported 4.33 million in the same quarter of the previous year.
Analysts forecast 'UnitedHealthcare Customer Profile - People Served - Medicare Part D stand-alone' to reach 2.81 million. The estimate is in contrast to the year-ago figure of 3.09 million.View all Key Company Metrics for UnitedHealth here>>>UnitedHealth shares have witnessed a change of +22.7% in the past month, in contrast to the Zacks S&P 500 composite's -3.6% move. With a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), UNH is expected outperform the overall market performance in the near term. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
UNH's first-quarter earnings are likely to have benefited from growing premiums and service revenues.
Does UnitedHealth Group (UNH) have what it takes to be a top stock pick for momentum investors? Let's find out.
A Nasdaq bounce looks to be brewing on Monday after U.S. officials moved to temporarily exempt smartphones, laptops, and other high-end electronics from the Trump administration’s sweeping 145% tariffs on Chinese imports.
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Semiconductor Equipment Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) stands against other best semiconductor equipment stocks to buy according to analysts. As per Straits Research, the US semiconductor manufacturing equipment market size […]
Let's take a look at the two best-performing Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES: ^DJI) companies to see if they're worth buying today.  UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH) is one of the most resilient stocks on the market.  There was no major company-specific news out on UnitedHealth in March, and investors seem to be returning to the stock after it tumbled following the assassination of one of its executives in December 2024.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it […]
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.