Title: Apple (AAPL) Faces Uncertainty, but Analysts Still See It as a Top Market Pick
Date: 2025-04-09 16:24
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-aapl-faces-uncertainty-analysts-162428839.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of 9 AI Stocks In Focus: Tariffs and Key Updates. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other AI stocks in focus. President Donald Trump’s new tariff regimes have been introduced under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act. A 10% tariff was imposed on nearly all countries and territories this Saturday, with rates expected to escalate higher and become even more individualized for the “worst” offenders. In a tit-for-tat blow against Trump and his tariffs, China has moved to impose a 34% tax on all US goods. Investment firm Wedbush has recently criticized these tariffs, citing them as a potential “economic Armageddon” for the U.S. tech sector. Analysts headed by Dan Ives believe that the impact of these tariffs could be even worse than previous major market crashes, such as the dot-com bubble and the 2008 financial crisis. This could wipe out a decade of technological progress in the US. READ ALSO: Tariff Hits and More: 10 AI Stocks in the Spotlight and  9 Trending AI Stocks Making Headlines Today. “The concept of taking the U.S. back to the 1980′s ‘manufacturing days’ with these tariffs is a bad science experiment that in the process will cause an economic Armageddon in our view and crush the tech trade, AI Revolution theme and overall industry in the process.” Another investment firm, Bernstein, notes how China imports $10 billion worth of chips from the United States annually. $8 billion of these are Central Processing Units (CPUs) from Intel, commonly used in laptops and servers. Since China is its largest market in 2024, it will be impacted by the tariffs. Other companies being hit by the tariffs include Micron, considering some of its chips sold in China are imported from the US. This is despite the country having production facilities in China and other countries. All in all, the firm is persistent that continued tariffs would imply lower growth, lower revenues, and lower profits for companies. “The higher than expected tariff rates … were not factored into many investors’ or companies’ calculations. The question is will there be enough time for them to actually get those numbers in in time? Because we don’t know what the retaliation measures are going to be from some of the European partners … or even from other countries, in that sort of scenario exact numbers might be lacking in some cases”. For this article, we selected AI stocks by going through news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. The hedge fund data is as of Q4 2024. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points  (see more details here). A wide view of an Apple store, showing the range of products the company offers. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 166 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a technology company. On Monday, April 8, Wedbush reiterated the stock as “Outperform” and lowered its price target to $250 per share from $325. “At the current situation we do not expect most tech companies to give any guidance on the 1Q conference calls over the next month including Apple given too much uncertainty.” Even though there is massive uncertainty when it comes to stocks such as Apple, Ives asserted that it is still one of the top names to own in the market. “Today will be a scary day for investors (and us) … it will create opportunities and way oversold tech stocks but we need to essentially toss out the next few quarters and start to work with some new normal financial model for 2026 for valuations as this tariff situation settles into place during negotiations,” Ives said. Overall, AAPL ranks 6th on our list of AI stocks in focus. While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AAPL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-Ga.) has been buying the sharp pullback in markets spurred by President Donald Trump’s sweeping reciprocal tariff announcement last week. What To Know: Greene on Tuesday disclosed the purchase of several stocks that ... DALLAS (Reuters) -Walmart on Wednesday reaffirmed its confidence in its every day low price strategy, maintaining full-year forecasts for sales and income growth while pledging to keep prices low despite concerns about rising prices due to U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs.  The company's shares, which were down nearly 9% since Trump announced a raft of tariffs on April 2, recouped most of those losses to close up 9.6% on Wednesday.  The stock jumped about 4% after Trump set a 90-day pause on tariffs. The sweeping tariffs imposed by the Trump administration — including a 104% duty on Chinese imports — have one analyst calling the move an “Armageddon scenario” for the U.S. technology sector. Apple (AAPL) stock has printed the dreaded “Death Cross,” a technical charting phenomenon in which a shorter-running moving average slips below a longer-running one. Typically, this pattern involves the 50-day moving average intersecting below the 200 DMA. When it flashes, the event symbolizes a loss of positive momentum and potentially the beginning of a corrective cycle, if not an outright bear market. On the other hand, contrarian investors view the indicator as a counterintuitive buying sign Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Do you ever wonder how long you should hang onto your tax paperwork? This form of recordkeeping may lead taxpayers to ask how long they need to keep and store documentation or if they are meant to... Want to know what influences stock prices? Let’s take a look at the key drivers. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
