Title: Television could go the way of newspapers if the US economy tips into recession, analyst warns
Date: 2025-04-16 09:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/television-could-go-the-way-of-newspapers-if-the-us-economy-tips-into-recession-analyst-warns-091448700.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. As recession fears mount following Trump's sweeping new tariffs, US media and internet companies face a potential multibillion-dollar hit to ad spending that could potentially deliver the death knell to traditional television advertising. "Given the ongoing secular headwinds facing the linear TV ecosystem, we worry that television could mirror the fate of radio and newspapers during past recessions," MoffettNathanson analysts Michael Nathanson and Robert Fishman warned in a report last week. If a recession were to materialize, MoffettNathanson estimates US ad spending would come in $45 billion below current forecasts. That estimate would mean an 11.5 percentage point blow to top-line revenue growth across the media landscape. Digital platforms would bear the brunt, realizing $29 billion less in ad spending, with TV facing a $12 billion shortfall. Read more: What is a recession, and how does it impact you? Even before the Trump administration's April 2 announcement of a 10% baseline tariff on nearly all foreign imports, MoffettNathanson said companies were already in wait-and-see mode, holding back ad spending while trade policy remained unclear. Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs It's a stark reversal from the significant spending rebound the advertising industry enjoyed in 2024 on the back of record political spending, a booming economy, and lingering momentum from the post-pandemic digital and e-commerce boom. But as MoffettNathanson argued, the tone has shifted from "softly pessimistic" to "significantly more bearish." "The shift is driven largely by the current administration's unorthodox and aggressive approach to addressing 'unfair' trade practices," the analysts said. "The heightened uncertainty following the tariff announcement has led us to adopt a more cautious outlook for advertising." Companies heavily reliant on advertising — like Meta (META), Snap (SNAP), and the Trade Desk (TTD) — would be hit "disproportionately harder," with projected stock declines of at least 30% each, the firm estimates. Digital players with variable cost structures and less reliance on advertising, like Netflix (NFLX) and Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), are "better positioned to weather the storm." Meanwhile, connected TV player Roku (ROKU) would see the biggest relative impact, flipping from positive earnings in 2024 to a net loss in both 2025 and 2026, according to MoffettNathanson's projections. Paramount could also reverse recent positive earnings trends, and other traditional media names like Disney (DIS), Fox (FOX), and Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD) would likely see earnings per share (EPS) declines of around 20% to 25%. As earnings season kicks off, some clarity on the outlook may emerge. But if a US recession takes hold, a drop in ad spending could send lasting ripple effects across a broad spectrum of companies, regardless of their size. As a UBS analyst said in a separate client note sent Tuesday: "Advertising is usually the first to go in an economic downturn as companies look to cut expenses." Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Cutting off access to his medication could have dire consequences for this San Francisco man. The death cross last flashed for both indexes in March 2022, which was the early days of a painful bear market. The Trump administration plans to eliminate the IRS' Direct File program, an electronic system for filing tax returns directly to the agency for free, according to two people familiar with the decision.  The program developed during Joe Biden's presidency was credited by users with making tax filing easy, fast and economical.  The program had been in limbo since the start of the Trump administration as Elon Musk and the Department of Government Efficiency have slashed their way through the federal government. You must keep up on Warren Buffett stocks: The Berkshire Hathaway chief sticks to a winning investing formula, but he does not sit still. Costco co-founder Jim Sinegal sat down with The Wall Street Journal to discuss how he built the $86 billion label Kirkland Signature and why he was so reluctant to get into the gasoline business. Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings. A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market. Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
