Title: Magnificent Seven Stocks Sell Off_ Nvidia Plunges; Apple, Tesla Dive
Date: 2025-04-16 19:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4205eaa9-f620-3a0b-a81a-0e82c7c9fd0b/magnificent-seven-stocks-sell.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far. Within the largest companies in the sector, the players least affected by China risk are Alphabet and Meta Platforms. The tech market took it on the chin on Wednesday as the trade war picked up steam and the Federal Reserve sounds like it's not going to bail out the market.  Big tech in both the U.S. and China were hit hard today.  Broadcom (NASDAQ: AVGO) fell as much as 6.7%, Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA) dropped 5.6%, and JD.com (NASDAQ: JD) fell 6.4%. Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) stock is falling fast amid multiple bearish catalysts in Wednesday's trading.  Nvidia's valuation is heading lower today amid multiple bearish catalysts.  Yesterday, the company submitted a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating that it would be taking a $5.5 billion write-down following news from the U.S. government that it would now require an export license to sell its H20 processors to China. All is not lost when it comes to investing in Nvidia. Here's what Lawrence McDonald of the Bear Traps Report has to say. World stocks fell into a downward spiral on Wednesday led by tech losses after Washington said it is putting new curbs on AI chip exports to China, marking an escalation in the global trade war.  The Trump administration's latest broadside sparked huge demand for safe-haven assets like gold, the Swiss franc and U.S. Treasuries, even though Fed Chair Jerome Powell signalled he is in no rush to cut interest rates.  If U.S. Big Tech had acquired a safe-haven status in the eyes of some investors in recent years, it is disappearing fast. Fed chief Jerome Powell hinted Trump tariffs will be "challenging," with the mandate to control inflation and support growth in "tension." Apple (AAPL) will effectively develop Apple Intelligence, while “new form factors” will boost the tech giant’s 2026 revenue, Angelo Zino, a senior equity analyst at CFRA Research predicted recently on the Schwab Network. Zino has a $235 price target and a Buy rating on the shares. Apple’s Positive Catalysts The development of Apple Intelligence, which […] We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks You Shouldn’t Overlook Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks you shouldn’t overlook right now. According to Adam Thierer, a senior fellow at the center-right think tank R Street Institute, Trump’s […] Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg emphasized in federal court on Wednesday that he bought Instagram and WhatsApp because he saw value in the companies — not to take out competitors, as the Federal Trade Commission alleges in a historic antitrust trial.  Zuckerberg took the stand for the third day in the trial, wrapping up his testimony as the first witness Wednesday afternoon.  Hansen focused some of his questioning on emails sent by Zuckerberg and his associates that the FTC cited in earlier testimony to illustrate the Facebook founder's alarm over the growth of Instagram and his sense that he needed to neutralize its threat. The automaker joins a growing list of companies tapping the EV segment leader’s fast-charging technology. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
