Apple Tops March-Quarter Targets On Record Services Revenue. But Stock Slips.
2025-05-01 22-02
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/3dd390b9-0d49-3008-8689-aed950418a3d/apple-tops-march-quarter.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple comfortably beat estimates for its fiscal second quarter, thanks to record services revenue. But Apple stock fell in extended trading.
Apple customers—old and new—are still using their iPhones, iPads, and other devices. “And thanks to our high levels of customer loyalty and satisfaction, our installed base of active devices once again reached a new all-time high across all product categories and geographic segments," Apple Chief Financial Officer Kevan Parekh said in the company's press release.
The Apple earnings call kicked off with CEO Tim Cook talking about the company's manufacturing plans in the U.S.  Cook reminded investors on the call that the company has recently announced plans to spend $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years.  The comments come with tech companies under pressure from President Donald Trump to bring manufacturing into the U.S. Apple currently makes most of its products in China.
On its second-quarter earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed the elephant in the room: tariffs.  "For the March quarter, we had a limited impact from tariffs as we were able to optimize our supply chain and inventory," he said.  Apple reported $66 billion in second-quarter expenses.
Apple (AAPL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.48% and 1.16%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Apple beat revenue and profit estimates, fueled by strong growth in services revenue and modest gains in iPhone sales.  The company made progress shifting U.S. production out of China but faces challenges selling its phones and other electronics in that important market.  Apple remains a cash-generation machine, upping both its dividend and share-repurchase authorization.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) -Apple on Thursday trimmed its share buyback program by $10 billion, with CEO Tim Cook telling analysts that tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter as the iPhone maker shifts its vast supply chain to minimize the impact of President Donald Trump's trade war.  Cook also said Apple's planned $500 billion in spending to expand its U.S. footprint would involve both capital outlays and increased operational expenses as it builds out server and chip factories with its manufacturing partners.  In addition, he outlined how Apple has started to build up a stockpile of products so that the majority of its devices sold in the U.S. this quarter will not come from China.
At least three Wall Street analysts have cut their price targets on Apple stock ahead of the iPhone maker's March-quarter report, due late Thursday.
Apple reported fiscal second-quarter revenue and earnings that surpassed analysts’ expectations, with higher-than-expected iPhone sales.
When investing in this space stock, volatility could be your friend -- so long as the stock drops more before earnings, not after.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Bears Got ‘Pantsed’ & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Philip Morris International Inc. (NYSE:PM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed […]