Title: Apple and other tech stocks rebound after Trump offers more tariffs guidance
Date: 2025-04-14 22:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-other-tech-stocks-rebound-223137743.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Stock prices of Apple, Alphabet and other Silicon Valley tech companies rebounded on Monday after the Trump administration said electronics, including semiconductors and smartphones, were exempt from the "reciprocal tariffs" announced earlier this month.
But the bounce may not last. Tech giants could still face drastic changes to how they manage their supply chain and costs.
Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick told ABC News on Sunday those electronic products are going to be part of tariffs affecting the semiconductor sector "which are coming," potentially in a month or two.
Apple stock rose 2% to $202.52 a share on Monday, a boost from the stock's sharp decline after Trump announced reciprocal tariffs earlier this month. Google parent company Alphabet and chip maker AMD also got a reprieve, with their stock prices rising 1% on Monday.
Read more: 'Nowhere to hide.' How Apple and others in Silicon Valley are bracing for Trump tariffs
Apple stock plummeted after Trump announced extra tariffs on China, Vietnam and India on April 2. Trump has since paused additional tariffs on most countries, but has raised duties on Chinese imports to 145%.
"We need to have these things made in America, we can't be reliant on Southeast Asia for all of the things that operate for us," Lutnick told ABC, adding that the goal is for the companies to bring more of their manufacturing back to the United States.
The escalating conflict has worried investors because Apple and other tech companies produce many products in China. Though it has shifted more production to India in recent years, Apple still makes most of its iPhones in mainland China.
Amid more pressure from the White House, Apple and Nvidia have announced plans to bring more jobs to the U.S.
Nvidia on Monday said it is working with its partners to build and test Nvidia Blackwell chips in Arizona and AI supercomputers in Texas, with production ramping up in the next 12 to 15 months.
"Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain, and boosts our resiliency," said Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang in a statement.
Nvidia's stock price closed at $110.71 on Monday, virtually unchanged.
Apple in February said it would invest $500 billion in the U.S. that would go toward various efforts, including opening a manufacturing facility in Houston.
Still, analysts say it will be difficult to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. and rebuilding supply chains could take years.
Read more: Tech billionaires Zuckerberg, Bezos and Altman help bankroll Trump's inauguration. What to know 
"Overall, we view the dizzying weekend tariff news as a step forward net positive for Apple as well as other tech names," wrote Daniel Ives, a managing director at Wedbush Securities.
Sign up for our Wide Shot newsletter to get the latest entertainment business news, analysis and insights. 
This story originally appeared in Los Angeles Times.
A surprise tariff exemption on key tech products is helping spur an Apple rally.
President Trump claimed that his re-election and tariffs were the reasons why Nvidia announced that it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S.
SEOUL (Reuters) -South Korea announced on Tuesday an increase in its support package for the country's vital semiconductor industry to 33 trillion won ($23.25 billion), up about a quarter from a 26 trillion won package unveiled last year.  The measures come in response to calls on the government to expand support at a time of growing policy uncertainty under the current U.S. administration and rising competition from Chinese rivals, the government said in a statement.  South Korea's decision to pump more money into its key chips sector is designed to help companies cope with heavier costs as they compete globally, it said.
Nvidia says it plans to mass-produce AI supercomputers, built entirely in the US, by 2026. The dominant player in AI is set to roll out half a trillion dollars worth of AI infrastructure over the next four years. Bloomberg's Brody Ford joins Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology" to discuss.
Chip maker  Nvidia  unveiled plans Monday to produce new made-in-America supercomputers that power artificial intelligence, just one day after the Trump administration said tariffs were coming for semiconductor-reliant imports.  The chip maker said it would make AI supercomputers with contract manufacturers in Texas, its first public disclosure of a plan that would amplify ongoing U.S. efforts to bring semiconductor production back to domestic markets.  A darling of the global AI boom, Nvidia promised an eye-popping $500 billion in spending in the coming years, an announcement that echoed a similar goal disclosed by  Apple  in February.
Nvidia (NVDA) concluded the recent trading session at $110.71, signifying a -0.2% move from its prior day's close.
Apple didn’t wait around for tariff certainty from the Trump administration to get ahead of the potential hit.  IDC data published Monday showed that Apple shipped 57.9 million iPhones in the first quarter, a 10% jump from the prior year period and a record for the company.  “Better to stockpile iPhones than wait for whatever is going to happen,” said IDC Vice President Francisco Jeronimo.
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has managed to dodge a potential disaster as its key consumer electronics have been exempted from the 125% tariffs on goods manufactured in China by President Donald Trump. What Happened: The tariff exemption announced by President Trump on Friday night encompasses iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, and AirTags. Furthermore, the 10% tariff on goods imported from other countries has been waived off for these products. Despite the possibility of a new, lower sectoral tar
Remediation costs for meeting stricter regulations and weaker discretionary spending by consumers bled Star Entertainment dry, resulting in a loss of A$136 million ($86.2 million) on an underlying basis for the six months ended December 31.  The Visible Alpha consensus was for a loss of A$93.9 million.  Star Entertainment had reported an underlying profit of A$25 million in the same period a year earlier.
Nvidia on Monday said it will soon design and build factories to produce Nvidia AI supercomputers "entirely in the US."
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.