Title: Apple, Nvidia score relief from US tariffs with exemptions
Date: 2025-04-13 03:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-exempts-phones-computers-chips-124707368.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — President Donald Trump’s administration exempted smartphones, computers and other electronics from its so-called reciprocal tariffs, representing a major reprieve for global technology manufacturers including Apple Inc. and Nvidia Corp. even if it proves a temporary one.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
In Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum Leap
Midtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall Collapse
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
The exclusions, published late Friday by US Customs and Border Protection, narrow the scope of the levies by excluding the products from Trump’s 125% China tariff and his baseline 10% global tariff on nearly all other countries.
The exclusions apply to smartphones, laptop computers, hard drives and computer processors and memory chips as well as flat-screen displays. Those popular consumer electronics items generally aren’t made in the US.
Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.
The pause will be welcome news to consumers, some of whom rushed to buy new iPhones and other devices amid fears that the tariffs would send prices soaring. It’s also a big win for major technology companies that have presented massive US spending pledges for Trump in recent months. Trump’s tariffs upended global markets, triggered a selloff in stocks and ignited a rapidly escalating trade war with China.
The move is the first significant softening of any kind in Trump’s conflict with China. It was backdated to April 5.
The exemptions cover almost $390 billion in US imports based on official US 2024 trade statistics, including more than $101 billion from China, according to data compiled by Gerard DiPippo, associate director of the Rand China Research Center.
The biggest category related to China is smartphones. The US imported smartphones valued at more than $41 billion from China in 2024, or about 9% of total imports from China. Also covered are computers and similar devices, of which the US imported more than $36 billion in 2024.
Altogether the exemptions cover consumer electronics and semiconductors that accounted for about 22% of US imports from China in 2024, DiPippo said.
“This is a large hole in the US tariff wall that will spare key firms like Apple and consumers of laptops and phones from sticker shock,” he said. “But many other consumer, intermediate, and capital goods from China still face prohibitively high US tariffs. This exemption only covers one segment of the US economy.”
Trump on Saturday declined to elaborate on the exemptions but hinted at further developments on Monday.
“I’ll give you that answer on Monday. We’ll be very specific on Monday,” he told reporters on Air Force One. “We’re taking in a lot of money; as a country we’re taking in a lot of money.”
The White House also released a corresponding memo indicating that the exemptions also extend to changes in small-parcel shipping duties. Trump had moved to end the so-called “de minimis” exemption, beginning with China, that generally means parcels worth $800 or below don’t face duties.
“President Trump has made it clear America cannot rely on China to manufacturing critical technologies such as semiconductors, chips, smartphones, and laptops,” White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt said in a statement. “That’s why the president has secured trillions of dollars in US investments from the largest tech companies in the world.” She said those companies are “hustling to onshore” their manufacturing to the US.
The tariff reprieve may prove fleeting. The exclusions stem from the initial order, which prevented extra tariffs on certain sectors from stacking cumulatively on top of the country-wide rates. The exclusion is a sign that the products may soon be subject to a different tariff, albeit almost surely a lower one for China.
The products that won’t be subject to Trump’s new tariffs include machines used to make semiconductors. That would be important for Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., which has announced a major new investment in the US, as well as other chipmakers.
“All products that are properly classified in these listed provisions will be excluded from the reciprocal tariffs,” the notice said.
The move appeared to exclude the products from the 10% global baseline tariff on other countries, including Samsung Electronics Co.’s home of South Korea.
The tariff reprieve does not extend to a separate Trump levy on China — a 20% duty applied to pressure Beijing to crack down on fentanyl, including the shipment of precursor materials. Other previously existing levies, including those that predate Trump’s current term, also appear unaffected.
“The US tech industry has a loud voice and despite initial strong pushback against exemptions within the White House the reality of the situation was finally recognized in the Beltway,” Wedbush Securities analyst Daniel Ives said in a research note on Saturday. “There is still clear uncertainty and volatility ahead with these China negotiations.”
The original list of tariff exemptions included some semiconductor products — including central processing units known as CPUs. But those measures did not carve out tech products crucial to AI development including graphics processing units, or GPUs, and the servers that they power. Servers powered by AI chips from companies such as Nvidia and their critical components are primarily manufactured and assembled in Taiwan and Mexico.
Friday’s announcement would cover both Taiwanese and Mexican production, in a significant reprieve for companies seeking to build AI infrastructure in the US.
Also crucial are new exemptions on semiconductor manufacturing equipment, made by companies such as ASML Holding NV in the Netherlands and Tokyo Electron Ltd. in Japan. Those tools are essential for building chip factories, and comprise the lion’s share of the multibillion dollar price tag for such plants. Companies including TSMC, Samsung, and Intel Corp. are building new US facilities with support from the 2022 Chips and Science Act.
Trump’s initial “reciprocal” tariff announcement included exemptions for semiconductors and other sectors, to which Trump has regularly pledged to apply a specific tariff. He hasn’t yet done so but the latest exclusions are related to that exemption.
The move excludes most of Apple’s core products from the escalating tariffs on China, including iPhones, iPads and Apple watches. Apple shares have slid since Trump announced the tariffs.
Discussions gained additional urgency in recent days after Trump increased the tariffs on China, putting companies like Apple in a more difficult position than competitors like Samsung, who are less reliant on China. Companies and tech industry lobbyists have also argued that reshoring the final assembly of smartphones and other products is impossible, one person familiar with the discussions said.
But the move also is aimed at laying the groundwork for new targeted sectoral tariffs that are likely to hit the industry.
The administration is expected to soon launch a new investigation into imports of semiconductors. That would eventually lead to the imposition of tariffs on chips within weeks or months. Those duties, like ones imposed recently on steel and aluminum, are likely to impose duties on products that include semiconductors as well as the chips themselves.
Trump’s sectoral tariffs have so far been set at 25%, though it’s not clear what his rate on semiconductors and related products would be. It’s also not clear how widely he would apply that tariff.
Representatives from Nvidia and ASML declined to comment. Spokesmen for Tokyo Electron didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. The US International Trade Commission declined to comment on the exemptions, while the US Trade Representative and the Department of Commerce didn’t respond to requests for comment.
—With assistance from Mackenzie Hawkins and Sarah Jacob.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Semiconductor Equipment Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ASML Holding N.V. (NASDAQ:ASML) stands against other best semiconductor equipment stocks to buy according to analysts. As per Straits Research, the US semiconductor manufacturing equipment market size […]
The stock market has plummeted since "Liberation Day," when President Donald Trump announced wide-reaching import tariffs.  One of my favorites right now is ASML (NASDAQ: ASML), a Dutch artificial intelligence (AI) company that produces equipment used to make semiconductors.  Over the last year, ASML's share price has dropped by more than 30%.
The action in Washington in the past week has done little to clarify what Donald Trump's endgame will look like, but it further solidified this summer as the time when some finality might be in the offing.
The transition from the Biden administration to the second Trump administration has been nothing short of unprecedented. As of April 10, President Donald Trump has signed a stunning 112 executive...
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
Some older investors need to start planning now for a financial move that needs to be completed before the end of this year.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.