Title: Alphabet Stock Climbs After Google Defends $20B Apple Deal
Date: 2025-05-08 17:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-stock-climbs-google-defends-170825547.html?.tsrc=rss

May 8- Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google is in full defense mode after Apple's Eddy Cue recentlytestifiedthat searches on Apple's Safari browser have dipped, partly due to the rise of AI-driven alternatives. This is significant because Google has a $20 billion deal in place to be the default search engine for Safari, making Apple a critical partner in its search dominance. In a recent blog post, Google tried to calm investor nerves, saying it's still seeing "overall query growth in Search," thanks to more traffic from Apple devices and the growing use of features like voice search and Google Lens. The stakes are high for Google. It's not just about keeping Apple happy the company is also fighting a high-profile antitrust case with the U.S. Department of Justice over its dominance in search and digital advertising. After Apple's comments, GOOGL stock dropped 7%, though it has since clawed back1.5%in morning trading. Even so, the stock is still down almost 10% year-to-date, reflecting broader market jitters. This article first appeared onGuruFocus. Shares plunged on fears of search disruption. That doesn’t mean the company isn’t prepared for change. Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) has purchased 822,234 shares of Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) worth $84.4 million, according to a 13F regulatory filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday. What Happened: The strategic ... Apple "has incentive for Google to appear weaker in search," at least one analyst said Thursday, brushing off the sharp drop in Alphabet stock seen Wednesday. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?