Title: US stocks stage historic rally as Trump's 90-day pause takes worst case scenario 'off the table'
Date: 2025-04-09 20:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-stocks-stage-historic-rally-as-trumps-90-day-pause-takes-worst-case-scenario-off-the-table-203145671.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. President Trump on Wednesday catapulted US stocks to one of their biggest one-day rallies in the past century with a single post on social media. At 1:18 p.m. ET, Trump posted on his social media platform Truth Social there would be a 90-day pause on his steep "reciprocal" tariffs for non-retaliating countries. "I have authorized a 90 day PAUSE, and a substantially lowered Reciprocal Tariff during this period, of 10%, also effective immediately," part of Trump's post read. The market exploded higher in reaction. When the closing bell rang on Wall Street, the benchmark S&P 500 (^GSPC) had gained 9.5% on the day, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) surged 12.1%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) rose 2,962 points, or 7.9%. It was the S&P 500's best day since 2008, while Nasdaq enjoyed its second-largest one-day rally on record, topped only by a 14% gain back in 2001. For the Dow, Wednesday's rally marked its largest since 2008. "Over the last few days it looked pretty glum, so I guess they say it was the biggest day in financial history," President Trump said on Wednesday from the White House lawn. "That's a pretty big change." Piper Sandler chief investment strategist Michael Kantrowitz wrote in a note Wednesday afternoon the market finally got a "dose of relief." "While uncertainty isn’t headed to zero, the worst-case scenario is off the table most likely," Kantrowitz wrote. Investors snatched up stocks and saved the questions for later. Big Tech stocks led the charge higher, with Nvidia (NVDA) shares soaring over 18%, while Tesla (TSLA) added 22%. Apple (AAPL), Meta (META), and Amazon (AMZN) rose 15.3%, 14.8%, and 12%, respectively. And while investors embraced Trump's announcement, the president did escalate his trade war with China, increasing tariffs on imports from China to 125%. But even stocks that had traded lower in recent days on fears of China tariffs, like Apple, were higher on Wednesday. Shares of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba (BABA) rose more than 5%, while JD.Com (JD) rallied over 6%. Wednesday's reversal came as market chaos continued to boil late Tuesday and into overnight trading. The S&P 500 had swung roughly 6% or more peak-to-trough for three straight sessions through Tuesday, a phenomenon only seen in 1987, 2008, and 2020. The 10-year Treasury yield (^TNX) jumped over 50 basis points over a three-day period, its most aggressive move since 2001. "The Stock and Bond Vigilantes signal that the Trump administration may be playing with liquid nitro," Ed Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research, said in a research note published on Tuesday night. "Something may be about to blow up in the capital markets as a result of the stress created by the administration's trade war." When speaking at the White House on Wednesday, Trump admitted to watching the bond market, but didn't confirm that was the catalyst that made him roll back his tough tariff stance. "I saw last night where people were getting a little queasy," Trump said. The 10-year relented some after Trump's post, but yields still settled on Wednesday up about 14 basis points at 4.4%, the highest level since February. In a sign of more whipsaw on Wednesday, events pushed one of the most closely followed economic research teams on Wall Street to call for recession and then later rescind that stance in less than 90 minutes. "We are reverting to our previous non-recession baseline forecast with GDP growth of 0.5% and a 45% probability of recession," Goldman chief economist Jan Hatzius wrote on Wednesday after Trump's latest tariff update. Earlier in the day, Goldman had joined peers at JPMorgan in forecasting a recession to hit the US economy this year. Hatzius' team, though, still maintained their view that the US economy faces a 45% chance of recession, a reminder that there is plenty left to still consider away from the one-day euphoria of Trump's tariff pause. But at least on Wednesday, markets heard exactly what they've been waiting for from President Trump, and to Piper's Kantrowitz, this suggests the biggest headache for stock investors may be in the rearview. "Assuming no full 180-degree reversion on reciprocal tariffs," Kantrowitz wrote, "I believe the market lows are in." Josh Schafer is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on X @_joshschafer. Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance (Bloomberg) -- Janet Yellen stepped to the podium a year ago this week in Beijing to deliver a reassuring message. The US doesn’t want to decouple from China, the then-Treasury secretary said. “Our two economies are deeply integrated, and a wholesale separation would be disastrous for both."Twelve months on, President Donald Trump’s more than 120% tariffs on Chinese goods and Beijing’s determination to fight back in kind mean the seismic cleavage Yellen warned of is rapidly becoming a reality. A President Trump made yet another quick pivot on trade, announcing that he would authorize a 90-day pause on his reciprocal tariff plans for most countries and telling reporters he did so because people were getting 'yippy' and 'afraid.' President Donald Trump delivered another jarring reversal in American trade policy Wednesday, suspending for 90 days import taxes he’d imposed barely 13 hours earlier on dozens of countries while escalating his trade war with China.  The moves triggered a powerful stock market rally on Wall Street but left businesses, investors and America’s trading partners bewildered about what the president is attempting to achieve.  The U-turn came after the sweeping global tariffs Trump announced last week set off a four-day route in global financial markets, paralyzed businesses and raised fears the U.S. and world economies would tumble into recession. The White House has paused plans to restrict sales of Nvidia H20 chips to Chinese firms, NPR reported Wednesday. The tech industry tried to cozy up to the Trump Administration in the hopes that it could avoid getting caught in the crossfire of his policy moves. But they couldn't dodge his tariffs. Just days after suffering their worst stretch in years, stocks rebounded on Wednesday to notch one of their best days of the 21st century after President Trump announced a 90-day pause on the tariffs that sent stocks across the globe spiraling last week. The unusual surge in long-term Treasury yields has rattled investors in the aftermath of President Trump's tariff-fueled "Liberation Day." Shares of several leading Chinese companies that trade in the U.S. were solidly higher Wednesday.  Alibaba gained more than 6%.  As such, Trump said he was going to raise so-called reciprocal tariffs on China to 125%. The leaders of Mexico and Brazil said on Wednesday they would work to strengthen trade between their nations — Latin America's two biggest economies — as a counterweight to U.S. President Donald Trump's shifting positions on global tariffs that have thrown markets into chaos.  Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum and Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva met on the sidelines of a regional summit in Honduras, where leaders strategized how to respond Trump's tariffs and escalating deportations, among other issues. The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
