Title: Television could go the way of newspapers if the US economy tips into recession, analyst warns
Date: 2025-04-16 09:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/television-could-go-the-way-of-newspapers-if-the-us-economy-tips-into-recession-analyst-warns-091448700.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
As recession fears mount following Trump's sweeping new tariffs, US media and internet companies face a potential multibillion-dollar hit to ad spending that could potentially deliver the death knell to traditional television advertising.
"Given the ongoing secular headwinds facing the linear TV ecosystem, we worry that television could mirror the fate of radio and newspapers during past recessions," MoffettNathanson analysts Michael Nathanson and Robert Fishman warned in a report last week.
If a recession were to materialize, MoffettNathanson estimates US ad spending would come in $45 billion below current forecasts.
That estimate would mean an 11.5 percentage point blow to top-line revenue growth across the media landscape. Digital platforms would bear the brunt, realizing $29 billion less in ad spending, with TV facing a $12 billion shortfall.
Read more: What is a recession, and how does it impact you?
Even before the Trump administration's April 2 announcement of a 10% baseline tariff on nearly all foreign imports, MoffettNathanson said companies were already in wait-and-see mode, holding back ad spending while trade policy remained unclear.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
It's a stark reversal from the significant spending rebound the advertising industry enjoyed in 2024 on the back of record political spending, a booming economy, and lingering momentum from the post-pandemic digital and e-commerce boom.
But as MoffettNathanson argued, the tone has shifted from "softly pessimistic" to "significantly more bearish."
"The shift is driven largely by the current administration's unorthodox and aggressive approach to addressing 'unfair' trade practices," the analysts said. "The heightened uncertainty following the tariff announcement has led us to adopt a more cautious outlook for advertising."
Companies heavily reliant on advertising — like Meta (META), Snap (SNAP), and the Trade Desk (TTD) — would be hit "disproportionately harder," with projected stock declines of at least 30% each, the firm estimates.
Digital players with variable cost structures and less reliance on advertising, like Netflix (NFLX) and Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), are "better positioned to weather the storm."
Meanwhile, connected TV player Roku (ROKU) would see the biggest relative impact, flipping from positive earnings in 2024 to a net loss in both 2025 and 2026, according to MoffettNathanson's projections.
Paramount could also reverse recent positive earnings trends, and other traditional media names like Disney (DIS), Fox (FOX), and Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD) would likely see earnings per share (EPS) declines of around 20% to 25%.
As earnings season kicks off, some clarity on the outlook may emerge. But if a US recession takes hold, a drop in ad spending could send lasting ripple effects across a broad spectrum of companies, regardless of their size.
As a UBS analyst said in a separate client note sent Tuesday: "Advertising is usually the first to go in an economic downturn as companies look to cut expenses."
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
The spring housing season is off to a shaky start as tariff concerns rattle builder sentiment.
The Trump administration plans to eliminate the IRS' Direct File program, an electronic system for filing tax returns directly to the agency for free, according to two people familiar with the decision.  The program developed during Joe Biden's presidency was credited by users with making tax filing easy, fast and economical.  The program had been in limbo since the start of the Trump administration as Elon Musk and the Department of Government Efficiency have slashed their way through the federal government.
If you ever wanted a reason to be thankful you're not among the wealthiest individuals in the world, perhaps look at the recent trouble on Wall Street. Those days of big losses following President...
"I've never seen a recession last three years," J.B. Hunt CEO Shelley Simpson said.
BEIJING (Reuters) -China will pay no attention if the United States continues to play the "tariff numbers game", China's foreign ministry said on Thursday, after the White House outline how China faces tariffs of up to 245% due to its retaliatory actions.  In a fact sheet released on Tuesday, the White House said China's total duties include the latest reciprocal tariff of 125%, a 20% tariff to address the fentanyl crisis, and tariffs of between 7.5% and 100% on specific goods to address unfair trade practices.
Here's what could happen next to Disney shares.
We recently published a list of 15 Best Blue Chip Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best blue chip stocks to buy according to billionaires. Is A Potential Trade War on the Horizon? The US stock market […]
Find insight on Rent the Runway, Xiaomi , Telecom Italia, and more in the latest Market Talks covering Technology, Media and Telecom.
(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsThe US economy is set to lose billions of dollars in revenue in 2025 from a pullback in foreign tourism and boycott
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
