Title: Nvidia, Apple, Big Banks' trading revenues_ Trending Tickers
Date: 2025-04-16 14:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nvidia-apple-big-banks-trading-144403821.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Madison Mills and Interactive Brokers chief strategist Steve Sosnick examine some of today's trending tickers.
Nvidia (NVDA) stock is falling after the company warned that new US chip rules on exports to China would cost the company $5.5 billion. Analysts at Bank of America, Piper Sandler, and Raymond James lowered their price targets for the chipmaker stock.
Apple's (AAPL) India suppliers shipped $2 billion worth of iPhones in March ahead of US President Trump's tariffs.
Wall Street's top financial firms, like JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Goldman Sachs (GS), and Morgan Stanley (MS), saw record-high trading revenue in the first quarter, driven by tariff-fueled market volatility.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.
It's now time for some of today's trending tickers. We are watching Nvidia, Apple, and Wall Street banks. First up, several Wall Street firms cutting their price targets on Nvidia stock after the chip maker disclosed that it anticipates a $5.5 billion charge from new chip curbs. The US government told Nvidia earlier this month it would need a special license to export certain chips to China. Analysts at BFA Global Research, Piper Sandler, and Raymond James all lowering their price targets on the news. And also, Steve, what I also thought was really interesting here is an analyst over at City talking about how it's not just about Nvidia. This could also impact Broadcom. This could also impact other chip names in the space.
Well, you're seeing them, you're seeing them sell off today. I mean, you know, AMD announced an $800 million charge along in there. Um, you know, Broadcom was trading lower this morning as well. ASML was trading lower, although they released earnings, but, but they're all, they're all part and parcel of this. This is not good news for the chip sector, because, you know, I, I don't mean to just sound like a broken record, but this is uncertainty, and uncertainty, the markets don't love uncertainty.
Well, speaking, speaking of uncertainty, let's get to another name we're looking at. Apple's main suppliers in India shipping roughly $2 billion worth of iPhones in March ahead of President Trump's reciprocal tariffs announcement. That is according to new customs data. Smartphones have since secured a temporary reprieve from tariffs, but persistent tensions between the US and China threaten the iPhone maker's China-focused supply chain in the longer term. The Wall Street Journal reporting Apple is investigating moving some iPhone production to the US, but the process could take years, and CEO Tim Cook has said in the past that it would be difficult to find the skilled labor in America that's needed to build the smartphones. Treasury Secretary Scott Beson dismissed that comment and concern in an interview with Yahoo Finance.
You don't need a PhD in mechanical engineering to assemble an iPhone. So, I, I'm not sure why Tim Cook says that the skills aren't here.
And Steve, I think what analysts who cover Apple might say and investors might say is that that skilled labor does take years to build up, and it's certainly something that allows Apple to turn out these iPhones incredibly quickly.
Well, that's it. I mean, every, you know, labor now is not just, you know, pounding a hammer or nail. There, there's, there's, there's intricacies in the supply chain. You know, I, I know that, you know, the commerce secretary with his comment, you know, we're going to have lots of people screwing tiny little screws into things. That's not what people really want. You know, we want the high-tech value-added manufacturing because, quite frankly, our cost basis is higher. So, if there's value-added stuff to be done, that's great. If it's just, if it's just bringing low-skilled labor, bringing back low-skilled jobs, that's not necessarily, you know, I understand the need for that, particularly maybe in some strategic industries, but overall, I think we want people bringing a skill set to it. You know, I saw a statistic, this was posted on, on, on Twitter by my friend Frank Luntz who I trust. Um, and he got the statistics from the Cato Institute. 80% of the people when asked, said, do you want more manufacturing in the US? 80% said yes. When asked, would you take a factory job? 75% said no. 23% said yes. The other two said I already have a factory job. So, it, it's, you know, it's one of these, it's nice in theory, but in practice, um, you know, you need skilled, the people who are going to take these jobs, by definition, are really going to be skilled labor. Not, not just, you know, people, not just, you know, automatons screwing in screws.
Yeah. Right. The price that they're requiring for their labor requires it to be skilled. All right. Finally, trading desks at some of the biggest names in banking crashed in, cashed in, rather, on market volatility in the most recent quarter. And that is not including the past two weeks, which fell outside of that reporting period. Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, Goldman, all seeing record equity trading revenue during the quarter. Despite the blockbuster results, executives did express some caution about the current macro backdrop. JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon warning of considerable turbulence roiling the US economy. Well, Goldman's David Solomon said the prospects of a recession had increased. You couldn't pay Solomon to mention the word tariffs, but he did semi-maybe allude to it in that comment. Is this trading revenue for banks a signal of strength in your view, Steve? Or is this something that can kind of hide any economic macro concerns?
Kind of the latter. You know, I remember I spent the bulk of my career as an option trader, and I used, I loved environments like this. Um, you know, and to Jamie Dimon's comment, you know, about turbulence, you know, I always described VIX as sort of the price of a parachute when the plane hits turbulence at some level. You know, people want that protection. But here's what happens during volatility with, if you're an active trader. You widen your spreads, you shrink your sizes. So, effectively that really impairs liquidity, but if you're the person trading off those bid offs, bid-ask spreads, each trade you do is more profitable. And so, yes, that leads to the trading desks making more money, but really, you know, analysts typically discount that over time. It's actually a little odd this quarter that the analysts are very happy that the banks are making all this money trading because for years, again, as a trader at a publicly traded firm, the analysts were always very dismissive when we had a good quarter.
Yeah. Right, right, because it's potentially not a sign of continued gains for, for the banks. Steve, thank you so much for sticking with us. For our audience, you can scan the QR code below to track the best and worst performing stocks with Yahoo Finance.
Exactly. My pleasure.
Trump wants to bring tech manufacturing to the US. There's little chance it will happen.
We recently published a list of 13 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other NASDAQ stocks to buy in 2025. On April 4, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives appeared on CNBC to discuss the potential impact […]
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...
Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise...
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
You’ll need to do a bit of legwork to find a good fit, but it’s worth it to get one of these loans.
If you’re weighing an unsecured loan to spruce up your home, ponder these points.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
