Title: When Apple's Tim Cook Revealed The Real Reason iPhones Are Made In China—And It's Not 'Low Labor Costs': 'China Stopped Being A Low-Wage Country Years Ago'
Date: 2025-04-15 21:31:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apples-tim-cook-revealed-real-213129145.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL) CEOTim Cookpreviously explained the company’s decision to continue manufacturing its products in China, refuting the widespread belief that it’s due to low labor costs. What Happened: A 2024 video of Tim Cook has resurfaced, providing insights into Apple’s manufacturing choices amid the ongoing U.S.-China tariff war. In the video, posted on X by CNBC TV18 reporter Nigel D’Souza, Cook dismissed the idea that Apple’s manufacturing in China is due to low labor costs, stating, “China stopped being a low labor cost company many years ago.” Trending: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones.You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum. Instead, he emphasized China’s unparalleled skilled labor concentration in one location and advanced tooling capabilities as the primary reason. Cook emphasized that “the products that we do require truly advanced tooling.”  On that note, Cook emphasized the sharp difference in vocational skills between the US and China. The Apple CEO stated, "In the US, you could have a meeting of tooling engineers, and I’m not we could fill the room." In China, however, "you could fill multiple football fields.... Hence, the vocational expertise in China is very deep”. Why It Matters: The U.S.-China tariff war has put pressure on American companies to shift production back home. Earlier this month, a leading tech analyst predicted asignificant price hikefor Apple iPhones if manufacturing shifts to the U.S., potentially reaching around $3,500. This is due to the complexity of recreating the production ecosystem that currently exists in Asia. See Also: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing —this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share. Furthermore, experts opined that Apple’s supply chain could face major disruptions due to new reciprocal tariffs. Apple had temporarily dodged steep tariffs on Chinese-made electronics following an exemption granted by Trump. A recent report also suggested that Apple completed an urgent logistics operation, transporting five planeloads of iPhones and other products from manufacturing centers in India and China to the U.S. within 72 hours, in a bid to beat PresidentDonald Trump's new 10% reciprocal tariff on imports. Given these complexities, Cook’s emphasis on China’s skilled labor and advanced tooling capabilities provides a clearer understanding of Apple’s manufacturing decisions. Apple has lost over $500 billion in market capitalization since the Apr 2 ‘Liberation Day’ tariffs. On Friday, the stock climbed 4.06% to close at $198.15, as perBenzinga Pro. Apple holds a momentum rating of 62.11% and a quality rating of 86.50%, according toBenzinga's Proprietary Edge Rankings. For an in-depth report on more stocks and insights into growth opportunities,signup for Benzinga Edge. Read Next: Are you rich?Here’s what Americans think you need to be considered wealthy. Warren Buffett once said, "If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die."Here’s how you can earn passive income with just $100. Image via Shutterstock Disclaimer:This content was partially produced with the help of AI tools and was reviewed and published by Benzinga editors. Send To MSN:  Send to MSN Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools.Click now to access unique insightsthat can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? This articleWhen Apple's Tim Cook Revealed The Real Reason iPhones Are Made In China—And It's Not 'Low Labor Costs': 'China Stopped Being A Low-Wage Country Years Ago'originally appeared onBenzinga.com © 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple (AAPL) closed at $202.14 in the latest trading session, marking a -0.19% move from the prior day. Nvidia's announcement brings Big Tech’s investment pledges to US AI infrastructure to just north of $1.6 trillion since Trump's inauguration. H Partners, which is the iconic American brand's second-largest investor with a roughly 9% stake, plans to ask other shareholders to remove three directors, including CEO Jochen Zeitz, from the eight-member board at the May 14 annual meeting, the person who was not permitted to speak about the campaign publicly said.  The investment firm intends to run a withhold-the-vote campaign to push Zeitz, who has served as a director for 18 years, Thomas Linebarger, who has been a director for 17 years, and Sara Levinson, a board member for 29 years, out, the person said. Here’s what analysts think could be next for Apple stock. We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against the other American tech stocks. American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies […] Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... To the relief of anyone with an aging iPhone, the Trump administration exempted smartphones, computers, and other tech products from its punishing tariffs on Chinese imports over the weekend.  While Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) has geographically diversified its supply chain, the company still relies heavily on Chinese manufacturing partners for its devices.  Absent any special treatment, prices in the U.S. on Apple products would have likely risen substantially due to the tariffs. Disney’s stock has been pummeled lately. Are worries about a recession hitting the theme parks and advertising already priced in? Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.