Title: Apple CEO Tim Cook Warns Of $900 Million Tariff Impact In June Quarter, Expects Majority Of iPhones Sold In US To Be Made In India
Date: 2025-05-02 20:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-ceo-tim-cook-warns-203752210.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
On Thursday, during Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) fiscal second-quarter earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said that the tech giant expects a $900 million cost impact in the June quarter due to tariffs.
What Happened: "For the June [quarter], we do expect the majority of iPhones sold in the U.S. will have India as their country of origin," Cook said. He added that Vietnam will now serve as the production hub for nearly all iPads, Macs, Apple Watches and AirPods sold in the U.S.
Apple's pivot comes amid mounting tariffs on Chinese imports.
"Most of our tariff exposure relates to the February IEEPA-related tariff at the rate of 20%, which applies to imports to the U.S. for products that have China as their country of origin," Cook explained.
Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing — this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share.
Donald Trump just announced a $500 billion AI infrastructure deal — here's how you can invest in the entertainment market's next big disruptor at $2.25 per share.
He also noted that Apple's main product lines — iPhone, Mac, iPad, Apple Watch and Vision Pro — are not currently impacted by the newly announced global reciprocal tariffs related to semiconductors.
Still, the company is bracing for changes. "Assuming that the current global tariff rates, policies and applications don't change for the balance of the quarter," the impact will be $900 million to the company's costs.
Why It's Important: Apple posted fiscal second-quarter revenue of $95.36 billion, surpassing Wall Street expectations of $94.53 billion. For the June quarter, the company projects revenue growth in the low-to-mid-single-digit range and forecasts a gross margin between 45.5% and 46.5%.
Previously, Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) raised concerns about Cook’s role in seeking tariff exemptions for Apple products after President Donald Trump threatened to impose up to 145% tariffs on Chinese imports.
If implemented, such tariffs would have significantly impacted Apple's supply chain and profit margins. Wedbush analyst Dan Ives had warned that iPhones made in the U.S. could cost as much as $3,500 — more than triple their current price.
Photo Courtesy: Ringo Chiu on Shutterstock.com
Invest Where It Hurts — And Help Millions Heal: Invest in Cytonics and help disrupt a $390B Big Pharma stronghold.
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.30/share with a $1000 minimum.
UNLOCKED: 5 NEW TRADES EVERY WEEK. Click now to get top trade ideas daily, plus unlimited access to cutting-edge tools and strategies to gain an edge in the markets.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
This article Apple CEO Tim Cook Warns Of $900 Million Tariff Impact In June Quarter, Expects Majority Of iPhones Sold In US To Be Made In India originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Could a centuries-old seasonal market pattern be a sign of further losses? Bitcoin’s five-year performance leans toward “yes.”
The economy created more jobs than anticipated in April, sending U.S. equities higher at midday.
Economist Peter Schiff criticized President Donald Trump on Tuesday for reportedly pressuring Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) founder Jeff Bezos to abandon plans that would show consumers the cost of tariffs on product prices. What Happened: “Apparently, Trump called Bezos personally to ‘convince’ him not to honestly inform consumers about the taxes they’re paying when they buy goods on Amazon,” Schiff wrote on X. “I don’t like this at all. This is the type of stuff you might expect to see in Chin
↘️ Block (XYZ): The Cash App parent posted a drop in quarterly results and cut its annual guidance. It flagged a "pronounced shift" in consumer behavior, saying users had cut back on non-essentials. Shares cratered 20%.
There, we should get much more insight into Warren Buffett's thinking.  If you're looking to reduce risk in your portfolio, Berkshire should top your watchlist.  Keep in mind that the company's entire market capitalization is $1.1 trillion, meaning around 30% of Berkshire's valuation is now cash and cash equivalents.
The Congression Budget Office (CBO) estimates retired workers on Social Security will receive a 2.4% cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) in 2026.  Economists surveyed by The Wall Street Journal expect tariffs imposed by Washington will significantly increase inflation in the remaining months of 2025.  The Social Security Trust Fund may be depleted sooner than anticipated if the 2026 COLA exceeds 2.4%, leaving Congress with less time to avoid benefit cuts.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Analysts are Talking About Amid Trump’s Tariff War. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks analysts are talking about amid Trump’s tariff war. Markets saw some glimmer of hope as President Donald Trump indicated […]
Experts believe a recession is on the horizon. Here's what you can do to recession-proof your finances and stay afloat if and when a recession hits.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio