Title: Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) The Best American Tech Stock to Buy Now_
Date: 2025-04-15 20:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-inc-aapl-best-american-200819194.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against the other American tech stocks.
American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies getting a break from President Trump’s tariffs. The S&P 500 rose by 0.8%, the tech-heavy Nasdaq rose by 0.6%, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average increased by about 0.7%.
READ ALSO: 11 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy Now and 10 Best Stocks Under $10 to Buy Now.
In recent days, President Trump and his advisers have given mixed signals on the future of tariffs on China and on specific industries. Over the weekend, big American tech companies scored a victory when it was revealed that the US had not put tariffs on smartphones, computers, and other consumer electronics.
However, on Sunday, US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick stated that these electronics would soon be covered under new tariffs, which would be different from those imposed on specific countries. President Trump also posted on social media that there would be “no exception” for these products. He also said that the government is looking at semiconductors and the entire electronics supply chain in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations.
Last week was the best week for the major indexes since at least 2023. However, with all this uncertainty, Wall Street is getting ready for another week of potential tariff-fueled ups and downs.
To compile our list of the 14 best American tech stocks to buy now, we used stock screeners from Finviz and Yahoo Finance to find the largest American technology companies. We sorted our results based on market capitalization and picked the top 30 American stocks. Next, we focused on the 14 stocks most favored by institutional investors. Data for the hedge fund sentiment surrounding each stock was taken from Insider Monkey’s Q4 2024 database of more than 1,000 elite hedge funds. Finally, the 14 best American tech stocks to buy now were ranked in ascending order based on the number of hedge funds holding stakes in them as of Q4 2024.
Why do we care about what hedge funds do? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter's strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A wide view of an Apple store, showing the range of products the company offers.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 166
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is an American multinational technology company that designs, manufactures, and markets consumer electronics, software, and services. The company is best known for its products like the iPhone, iPad, and Mac computers, as well as services such as the App Store, iCloud, and Apple Pay. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) ranks among the best American stocks to invest in.
On April 9, Jefferies upgraded Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) from “Underperform” to “Hold” but lowered the price target to $167.88 from the previous $202.33. This adjustment reflects concerns about the potential impacts of a global recession on iPhone demand and the expected price increases for future iPhone models. The analyst noted that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to be exempted from US tariffs because of its commitment to invest $500 billion in the US over the next four years. The analyst believes that the company will make further investments in US manufacturing, possibly including iPhone production. Despite this, a growing risk of a global recession could have a negative impact on iPhone demand. Jefferies has lowered its iPhone shipment forecasts by 3.6%, 7.7%, and 5.5% for fiscal years 2025, 2026, and 2027 respectively, which leads to a reduction in projected revenue by 2%, 4.1%, and 3.5% for the same fiscal years. The firm anticipates that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) will raise iPhone prices by $50 in 2026 for the iPhone 18 and by $100 in 2027 for the iPhone 19. These increases in price are expected to be mainly driven by higher hardware costs. Following these revisions, Jefferies now estimates earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) lower than market consensus by 2.5%, 8.5%, and 3.4% for fiscal years 2025, 2026, and 2027, respectively.
Overall, AAPL ranks 6th on our list of the best American tech stocks to buy now. While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AAPL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of 13 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against other NASDAQ stocks to buy in 2025. On April 4, Wedbush analyst Dan Ives appeared on CNBC to discuss the […]
Here is how JD.com, Inc. (JD) and LY Corporation Unsponsored ADR (YAHOY) have performed compared to their sector so far this year.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Gambling Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where DraftKings Inc. (NASDAQ:DKNG) stands against other best gambling stocks to buy according to analysts. Gambling stocks include companies that own, run, or manage lawful gambling activities and events […]
Apple (AAPL) closed at $202.14 in the latest trading session, marking a -0.19% move from the prior day.
To the relief of anyone with an aging iPhone, the Trump administration exempted smartphones, computers, and other tech products from its punishing tariffs on Chinese imports over the weekend.  While Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) has geographically diversified its supply chain, the company still relies heavily on Chinese manufacturing partners for its devices.  Absent any special treatment, prices in the U.S. on Apple products would have likely risen substantially due to the tariffs.
BP expects weak gas trading and a $4B rise in debt in Q1. Refining margins and oil output offer partial support amid its shift to fossil fuels.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
