Apple Q2 earnings_ A breakdown of Apple's services segment
2025-05-01 21-27
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-q2-earnings-breakdown-apples-212738343.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) posted fiscal second quarter figures that outdid top and bottom line expectations — adjusted earnings of $1.65 (vs. estimates of $1.62) and revenue of $95.4 billion (vs. estimates of $94.6 billion) — with the stock edging lower in Thursday's after-hours session.
Going in depth into the iPhone maker's other segments, Yahoo Finance senior reporter Alexandra Canal breaks down the components and revenue of Apple's digital services businesses in the second quarter.
A federal judge found Apple (AAPL) in violation of a 2021 court order demanding the tech giant to enable broader competition for app developers and payment methods on its App Store.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
We're taking a closer look under the hood of Apple's second quarter earnings, and joining us now is Yahoo Finance senior reporter, Alexandra Canal, with more. Hi, Ally.
Hi, Julie. Yeah, a lot to dig into in this report, but what's stuck out to me is that Apple isn't just a hardware company. In fact, its services segment is quietly becoming one of the most important parts of its business. So let's start there because while the iPhone still drives most of Apple's revenue, the services side, which includes everything from the App Store to iCloud, Apple Music and subscriptions like Apple TV Plus, that's becoming a big profit powerhouse. Last year, the segment alone pulled in over 96 billion dollars, nearly a quarter of Apple's total revenue, and it's growing faster than any other part of the company. Even Apple's financial services, like Apple Pay and the new Apple Card savings account, they're no longer just side projects. They're really becoming mainstream offerings, further locking users into Apple's expanding ecosystem. This is a new all-time revenue high, but was a slight miss compared to consensus estimates. That does translate to about 76% gross margins, compared that to just 36% margins for hardware, so it's a very highly profitable stream of income, and unlike hardware, which depends heavily on new product cycles, services generate recurring revenue. So even if you don't buy a new iPhone, you might pay monthly for iCloud storage. You could subscribe to Apple Music or stream on Apple TV Plus. And let's not forget the App Store, right? A judge earlier, ruling that Apple's current 27% fee for developers is anti-competitive. Now, that's becoming a big point of contention for these developers which are required to comply with Apple's guidelines in order to use their payment system. The case has now been referred for potential criminal contempt. So a major development to watch on the legal side of things here. Meanwhile, Apple's streaming business, Apple TV Plus, is reportedly losing about 1 billion dollars a year despite successful series like Ted Lasso and The Morning Show. Apple has been pouring tons of money into original programming. That's part of a long-term strategy to really build out its services segment. But the subscriber base is still relatively small, especially compared to streaming giants like Netflix or Disney Plus. So while Apple TV Plus boosts the brand and certainly adds value to the Apple ecosystem, financially it still seems to be a bit in the red. All that being said though, services remains Apple's second largest business, behind only the iPhone. It's outgrown both the Mac, the iPad, and it's becoming even more strategic as hardware sales slow globally. So in short, the next chapter of Apple's growth may not come from what's in your pocket, but from what you're actually paying each and every month. Josh, Julie.
Thank you, Ally.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
The Apple earnings call kicked off with CEO Tim Cook talking about the company's manufacturing plans in the U.S.  Cook reminded investors on the call that the company has recently announced plans to spend $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years.  The comments come with tech companies under pressure from President Donald Trump to bring manufacturing into the U.S. Apple currently makes most of its products in China.
On the conference call, Apple CEO Tim Cook was candid about the delay in a highly anticipated AI powered version of Siri.  "With regard to the more personal Siri features we announced, we need more time to complete our work on these features so they meet our high quality bar," Cook said.  Apple has been under fire from analysts and customers in recent months for its prolonged rollout of AI features for its devices.
On its second-quarter earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed the elephant in the room: tariffs.  "For the March quarter, we had a limited impact from tariffs as we were able to optimize our supply chain and inventory," he said.  Apple reported $66 billion in second-quarter expenses.
Apple beat revenue and profit estimates, fueled by strong growth in services revenue and modest gains in iPhone sales.  The company made progress shifting U.S. production out of China but faces challenges selling its phones and other electronics in that important market.  Apple remains a cash-generation machine, upping both its dividend and share-repurchase authorization.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) -Apple on Thursday trimmed its share buyback program by $10 billion, with CEO Tim Cook telling analysts that tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter as the iPhone maker shifts its vast supply chain to minimize the impact of President Donald Trump's trade war.  Cook also said Apple's planned $500 billion in spending to expand its U.S. footprint would involve both capital outlays and increased operational expenses as it builds out server and chip factories with its manufacturing partners.  In addition, he outlined how Apple has started to build up a stockpile of products so that the majority of its devices sold in the U.S. this quarter will not come from China.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Apple (AAPL) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Apple (AAPL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.48% and 1.16%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Apple reported fiscal second-quarter revenue and earnings that surpassed analysts’ expectations, with higher-than-expected iPhone sales.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...