Title: Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump
Date: 2025-04-13 00:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-brink-crisis-tariff-concession-005401900.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) — Apple Inc. has managed to dodge its biggest crisis since the pandemic — for the moment, at least.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
Midtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall Collapse
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Inside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick Collection
Donald Trump’s 125% tariffs on goods produced in China threatened to upend its supply chain as seriously as the Covid snarls did five years ago. On Friday night, the US president handed Apple a major victory, exempting many popular consumer electronics. That includes iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches and AirTags.
Another win: The 10% tariff on goods imported from other countries has been dropped for those products.
For rolling updates on tariffs, check out our liveblog >
While a new, lower so-called sectoral tariff may still come on goods that have semiconductors — and a 20% tariff on China remains — the change marks a win for Apple and a consumer electronics industry that still heavily relies on the Asian nation for manufacturing.
“This is a major relief for Apple,” Evercore ISI analyst Amit Daryanani said in a note on Saturday. “The tariffs would have driven material cost inflation.”
He expects the shares to rally Monday following an 11% rout this month.
Before the latest exemption, the iPhone maker had a plan: adjust its supply chain to make more US-bound iPhones in India, which would have been subject to far lower levies. That, Apple executives believed, would be a near-term solution to avoid the eye-watering China tariff and stave off hefty price hikes.
Given that the iPhone facilities in India are on pace to produce more than 30 million iPhones per year, manufacturing from that country alone could have fulfilled a fair chunk of American demand. Apple, these days, sells about 220 million to 230 million iPhones annually, with about a third of those going to the US.
Such a shift would be difficult to pull off without a hitch, especially because the company is already nearing production of the iPhone 17, which will be made primarily in China. Within Apple’s operations, finance and marketing departments, fears had grown about the impact on the fall launch of new phones — and fueled a sense of dread.
For rolling updates on tariffs, check out our liveblog >
The company, in just a few months, would have needed to pull off the herculean task of moving more iPhone 17 production to India or elsewhere. It likely would have had to increase prices — something that’s still possible — and fought with suppliers for better margins. And Apple’s famous marketing engine would have had to convince consumers it was all worth it.
But the feeling of uncertainty remains. White House policies are likely to shift again, and Apple may need to pursue more dramatic changes. At least for now, though, management is breathing a sigh of relief.
Another concern: If Apple moves even more production from China at a rapid pace, how would the country retaliate? Apple generates about 17% of its revenue from the country and operates dozens of stores, making it an outlier among US-based companies. An Apple spokesman declined to comment.
China has launched competition inquiries into US companies and could create issues for Apple through its own customs process. In recent years, it has also banned iPhones, among other US-designed devices, from its legion of government workers. That followed a US crackdown on Chinese tech champion Huawei Technologies Co.
The iPhone is Apple’s biggest moneymaker, and about 87% of them are produced in China, according to estimates from Morgan Stanley. About four in five iPads also are made in the country, along with 60% of Macs.
All together, those products are responsible for about 75% of Apple’s annual revenue. Still, the company now builds nearly all of its Apple Watches and AirPods in Vietnam. Some iPads and Macs are also manufactured in that country, and Mac production is expanding in Malaysia and Thailand.
The company generates about 38% of its iPad sales in the US, as well as about half its Mac, Apple Watch and AirPods revenue, Morgan Stanley estimates.
A complete split with China — Apple’s manufacturing hub for decades — would be unlikely. Though Trump has pushed Apple to make iPhones in the US, the lack of domestic engineering and manufacturing talent will make that nearly impossible in the short run.
The size and scale of the facilities in China makes it unmatched in speed and efficiency. The China production also is crucial for Apple’s sales in the world beyond the US. The Cupertino, California-based company gets nearly 60% of its revenue outside of the Americas.
Since a wave of tariffs were announced on April 2, lobbyists from Apple and other technology companies have been pushing the White House for exemptions.
But the discussions took on extra urgency in recent days after a series of tit-for-tat retaliations between Washington and Beijing led to what amounted to 145% duties on imports from China.
The potential impact was even more stark after Trump paused higher tariffs on other countries. That meant Apple rival Samsung Electronics Co., which makes its phones outside China, would have had an edge.
Apple and other companies have been stressing to the Trump administration that — while they are willing to increase investment in the US — there’s little benefit in moving final assembly to the country. Instead, they have argued, the US should be focusing on bringing back higher-value jobs and encouraging investment in things like semiconductor production.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
The episode is a great lesson for all investors, veteran investor says.
President Trump’s tariff exemptions on some electronics are the latest twist in U.S. trade policy and could benefit companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Dell, Samsung and others that manufacture some products abroad.
We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But more […]
Shares of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) are currently 26% below their peak from December last year (as of April 10), a drop that has been spurred by ongoing tariff announcements.  As of this writing, there is a huge 145% tariff that's implemented on goods leaving China for the U.S. If this remains in place, it could harm Apple, because 80% of its production is still based in China, according to estimates from Evercore.  If the increased costs are eaten by Apple, on the other hand, its profitability will definitely take a hit.
We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued billionaire […]
President Trump's move Friday to give big tech companies a tariff break may give markets a boost on Monday.
President Donald Trump has announced exemptions from tariffs for a range of technology products, including smartphones, laptops, chips, and other electronics.
Three Motley Fool contributors think they've identified magnificent stocks that could double or more by 2030.  Here's why they picked CRISPR Therapeutics (NASDAQ: CRSP), Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT), and Viking Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VKTX) as stocks worth buying now.  Prosper Junior Bakiny (CRISPR Therapeutics): Despite creating Casgevy, the first CRISPR-based gene-editing medicine to earn regulatory approval, CRISPR Therapeutics has not performed well in the past year and a half since hitting that milestone.
The worst may be on the horizon for this technology giant caught in the tariff turmoil.
TAIPEI (Reuters) -Shares in Asian tech companies that are major suppliers to companies like Apple rose on Monday after the U.S. government granted temporary exclusions from steep tariffs on smartphones, computers and some other electronics imported largely from China.  Shares in Foxconn, Apple's largest iPhone assembler, gained around 4% in Monday morning trade, with contract laptop maker Quanta up 7% and Inventec - which also makes artificial intelligence servers - rising 4%.  Shares in China's Goertek and Lens Tech - both Apple suppliers - also rose 3% and 1.1% respectively.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.