Apple earnings beat expectation as Americans rush to buy iPhones before tariffs
2025-05-01 22-17
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-tops-wall-street-expectations-174900555.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Fiscal second-quarter earnings show that the Apple (AAPL) hasn’t lost its shine.
Thursday after the bell, Apple reported $95.4 billion in revenue, up 5% year-over-year, and quarterly diluted earnings per share of $1.65, up 8% year-over-year amid robust demand, even as geopolitics threaten its supply-chain wizardry. But while the company beat Wall Street’s earnings expectations for the fifth quarter in a row — exceeding estimates of $1.60 EPS and $94.2 billion in revenue — sales from its key services unit and from China disappointed.
Apple’s second-quarter earnings were buoyed by American consumers rushing to buy Apple products before President Donald Trump’s far-reaching tariffs could really take hold. The company also released the iPhone 16e during its second quarter, a lower-end phone that comes with limited AI features.
On the whole, Apple beat expectations across much of its hardware department, reporting iPhone revenue of $46.84 billion (versus $45.84 billion estimated), Mac revenue of $7.95 billion (versus $7.77 billion estimated), and iPad revenue of $6.4 billion (versus $6.20 billion estimated).
Yet its services segment — which includes the App Store, iCloud, Apple Music, and other recurring streams — just missed expectations, coming in at $26.65 billion, below the $26.70 billion analysts anticipated. Services revenue was still up 11.65% from a year ago.
Apple’s stock slid more than 2% in volatile after-hours trading shortly after the results.
Apple was among the hardest-hit tech giants due to its exposure to China, where it currently manufactures 90% of the iPhones it sells in the U.S. Almost every question during the company’s earnings call had to do with tariffs. Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company saw “limited impact” from tariff-related effects this quarter, largely due to a temporary exemption for electronics.
“We are uncertain of potential future actions prior to the end of this quarter,” he said.
But, he added, if current global tariff rates remain the same, the financial impact could be significant next quarter: Apple could see an estimated $900 million added to its costs for the June quarter.
President Donald Trump’s trade war has turned into a structural headwind for Apple’s global operations. To mitigate tariff risks, Apple is accelerating its shift away from China. Now, Cook said, most of Apple’s third-quarter iPhone sales will come from devices assembled in India, with other products increasingly produced in Vietnam.
Apple sought to get ahead of Trump’s tariffs by shipping approximately $2 billion worth of iPhones from India to the U.S.; the company did so to maintain its inventory levels and stave off price hikes. ​
On the earnings call, Cook was also asked about a blockbuster antitrust ruling yesterday that said Apple violated an order to reform its App Store. Cook said the company “strongly disagrees” with the ruling and that it plans to appeal.
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
In recent month, economists and Wall Street analysts have speculated that U.S. importers and consumers were trying to get in front of tariffs by accelerating their purchases in February and March, thus pulling forward demand for the rest of the year.  Apple CEO Tim Cook said Thursday he saw no evidence of that in the company's latest period.  "If you look at the March quarter, we don't believe that we saw obvious evidence of a significant pull forward in demand in the March quarter due to tariffs," Cook said on the company's earnings call Thursday evening.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Apple (AAPL) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Apple (AAPL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.48% and 1.16%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
The Apple earnings call kicked off with CEO Tim Cook talking about the company's manufacturing plans in the U.S.  Cook reminded investors on the call that the company has recently announced plans to spend $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years.  The comments come with tech companies under pressure from President Donald Trump to bring manufacturing into the U.S. Apple currently makes most of its products in China.
On its second-quarter earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook addressed the elephant in the room: tariffs.  "For the March quarter, we had a limited impact from tariffs as we were able to optimize our supply chain and inventory," he said.  Apple reported $66 billion in second-quarter expenses.
Apple beat revenue and profit estimates, fueled by strong growth in services revenue and modest gains in iPhone sales.  The company made progress shifting U.S. production out of China but faces challenges selling its phones and other electronics in that important market.  Apple remains a cash-generation machine, upping both its dividend and share-repurchase authorization.
Apple reported fiscal second-quarter revenue and earnings that surpassed analysts’ expectations, with higher-than-expected iPhone sales.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.