Title: Apple: Is shifting iPhone manufacturing to US a real possibility?
Date: 2025-04-14 18:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-shifting-iphone-manufacturing-us-180332519.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Investing.com -- Apple may be able to weather near-term tariff headwinds from rising U.S.-China trade tensions, and while relocating iPhone manufacturing to the United States is not imminent, it could be "conceptually possible," Bank of America said. The U.S. announced a temporary reprieve from new 125% reciprocal tariffs for consumer electronics, sparing Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) for now. Electronic imports from China remain at the previous 20% rate, but this is expected to be short-lived. Officials signaled that electronics, semiconductors, and solar cells may still be included in upcoming sector-specific tariffs. BofA refreshed its tariff impact analysis for Apple, assuming a 20% tariff on Chinese-made electronics and no tariffs on Indian exports. Under this scenario, the hit to Apple’s earnings per share in calendar 2026 could be about $0.41, or a 4.9% drop, if the company absorbs all costs and keeps prices unchanged. That compares to a previously estimated 36.6% earnings hit under steeper tariffs. If Apple were to raise U.S. prices by around 10%, the EPS impact would shrink to just $0.11, or 1.2%, even accounting for a projected 5% drop in units sold, the bank said. Apple is already producing some iPhones in India, with about 15 million units expected to be exported to the U.S. tariff-free. However, the remaining 35 million iPhones as well as all iPads and Macs sold in the U.S. would face the 20% tariff if they continue to be made in China. While the risk of a broader trade war still looms, BofA noted Apple could take several steps to soften the blow, such as raising prices, adjusting supply chains, lobbying for exceptions, or slowing its product release cycle. As for shifting iPhone manufacturing to the U.S., BofA estimates it would cost about 25% more than producing in China, mostly due to higher labor costs. But increased automation and less frequent product launches could reduce that burden over time Despite the uncertainty, BofA reiterated its Buy rating on Apple, citing resilient margins, strong cash flows, and steady capital returns. The price objective remains $250. President Trump said he was considering short-term tariff exemptions for auto companies in the Oval Office on Monday. He said he exempted smartphones from recent tariffs. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation. If you expect your income to grow significantly, consider graduated repayment. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
