Title: Bullish Options “Example Trade” Involving AAPL Unveiled by Schwab Network
Date: 2025-04-14 14:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bullish-options-example-trade-involving-145602600.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
With Apple (AAPL) climbing significantly today and trading near some key statistical levels, Schwab Network unveiled a "bullish example trade" involving call options on AAPL stock.
Apple's Technical Status Analyzed
Apple has been outperforming the overall tech sector in recent weeks, Rick Ducat, a commentator at the network, reported. On the other hand, all of AAPL's "moving averages have been trending down," and the shares have fallen below their trend line, he noted.
A wide view of an Apple store, showing the range of products the company offers.
But the stock is closing in on its "previous low" of $208.40 and its 21-day exponential moving average, Ducat said.
For AAPL, $222 to $225 is "an important area to watch," the commentator noted.
A Bullish "Example Trade"
Ducat suggested that traders could buy the $215 and $235 calls that expire on May 16 while selling two $225 calls that expire on the same day.
With this approach, traders would have a maximum loss of $150 and a maximum profit of $850, according to the commentator.
If Apple rises about 3%, traders who use the strategy will reach their "first break-even area," but they will start losing money if the shares climb 11%, according to Ducat.
While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AAPL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.
READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Apple didn’t wait around for tariff certainty from the Trump administration to get ahead of the potential hit.  IDC data published Monday showed that Apple shipped 57.9 million iPhones in the first quarter, a 10% jump from the prior year period and a record for the company.  “Better to stockpile iPhones than wait for whatever is going to happen,” said IDC Vice President Francisco Jeronimo.
U.S. stocks edged up Monday morning as investors digested mixed messages on the trade war, following some of the most chaotic and turbulent weeks in recent market memory.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
While Apple, for example, secured one for the Apple Watch at the time, requests for exemptions for AirPods and HomePod speakers were denied.  Other companies’ exemption requests for wireless earbuds were similarly rejected.  Of nearly 53,000 requests for exemptions from tariffs on Chinese goods filed during Trump’s first term, only 13% were granted, according to a WSJ analysis of government data.
Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told ABC News the upcoming tariffs for electronics are based on Section 232, which allows President Trump to adjust imports that pose a threat to national security.  Apple  just dodged a large bullet.  Late Friday news broke of an exemption for smartphones, laptop computers and other electronics imported from China, sparing Apple from the bulk of drastic tariffs set by President Trump.
Coinbase’s Canadian boss discusses how the country can create a better business environment for crypto. Matheson is a speaker at Consensus by CoinDesk in Toronto May 14-16. Interview with Afra Wang.
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.