Title: Stocks to Watch Recap: Amazon, Block, Apple, Take-Two
Date: 2025-05-02 20:56
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/57a65a6a-2ef1-397a-82bc-a3435ad7d536/stocks-to-watch-recap%3A.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
↘️ Block (XYZ): The Cash App parent posted a drop in quarterly results and cut its annual guidance. It flagged a "pronounced shift" in consumer behavior, saying users had cut back on non-essentials. Shares cratered 20%.
FuboTV's (FUBO) first-quarter loss narrowed more than expected amid revenue growth, but the live-spo
Keep Netflix, Roku and Alphabet in your portfolio to take advantage of the growing streaming market, increasing demand and innovative monetization strategies.
PLTR's top line in the first quarter of 2025 is likely to have been driven by healthy business from existing as well as new customers.
Shares could swing wildly following its debut earnings report on May 14.  Shares of CoreWeave (NASDAQ: CRWV) had a volatile April along with much of the stock market, but the recent IPO ended up with positive gains after a lackluster debut at the end of March.  There wasn't much news out on CoreWeave in April, as investors await its first earnings report as a public company on May 14, but the stock proved to be highly sensitive to news from the artificial intelligence (AI) sector, swinging multiple times on news from peer stocks, and due to macro news.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized rate […]
Investors breathed a sigh of relief after the latest jobs numbers were released.  Palantir's stock carries a hefty multiple that makes it especially vulnerable to downturns in the market.  Palantir's May 5 earnings call will shed more light on how the company expects to be affected by the macro environment.
Short-term loans are great for emergencies and seasonal changes but aren’t cheap.
The pent-up short squeeze just needed a fresh catalyst. It got one after yesterday's close.
On Thursday, during Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) fiscal second-quarter earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said that the tech giant expects a $900 million cost impact in the June quarter due to tariffs. What Happened: "For the June [quarter], we do expect the majority of iPhones sold in the U.S. will have India as their country of origin," Cook said. He added that Vietnam will now serve as the production hub for nearly all iPads, Macs, Apple Watches and AirPods sold in the U.S. Apple's pivot comes amid mo
Shares of Apple and Amazon decline as earnings from the tech giants disappoint, Block sinks after cutting guidance, and Take-Two Interactive Software delays the release of ‘Grand Theft Auto VI.’
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio