Title: AAPL “Looks Pretty Good Overall,” LikeFolio Co-Founder Says
Date: 2025-04-15 15:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aapl-looks-pretty-good-overall-153335733.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. "Apple (AAPL) continues to dominate" when it comes to serving and exciting customers, Andy Swan, the co-founder of LikeFolio told Schwab Network recently. Swan predicted that the tech giant would launch "an incredible consumer product within the next couple of years," adding that "we're very bullish on Apple over the long term." A wide view of an Apple store, showing the range of products the company offers. Signs of Strength for Apple In the area of year-over-year increases in internet searches by consumers, "the iPhone is surging, and the iPad, MacBook, and Air Pods are all doing very well," Swan reported. Meanwhile, MacBook is benefiting from the Vibe coding trend that was triggered by the proliferation of AI, and AAPL "is doing a great job of continuing to hold and advance its market share versus Android in most places," Swan reported. Also importantly, Apple "is doing a phenomenal job of integrating AI technology in a smart, sustainable way," he stated. The Recent Price Action of AAPL Stock In the last month, the stock has dropped 5%, while it's down 13% in the last three months. Over the last 12 months, however, the shares are up 20%. While we acknowledge the potential of AAPL, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AAPL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is the largest company in the world, with a market cap of $2.987 trillion. It designs, manufactures, and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables, and accessories worldwide. It will report its Q2 2025 earnings on May 1. Wall Street analysts expect the company to post EPS of $1.61, up from $1.53 in the prior-year period. According to data from Benzinga Pro, quarterly revenue is expected to be $94.07 billion, up from $90.75 billion a year earlier. The 52-week We recently published a list of Tech Firms Dominate Monday’s 10 Worst Performers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where C3.ai Inc. (NYSE:AI) stands against other tech firms that dominate Monday’s worst performers. Wall Street’s main indices kicked off the trading week in the green territory, albeit with minimal gains, […] To use your car as collateral for a loan, you must have equity in it. Founder-led team regains control of SME finance provider with support from US-based Arena Investors, signalling growth and product expansion plans. Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals. When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market. These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend. It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
