Apple earnings call_ Biggest takeaways & comments from Tim Cook
2025-05-01 23-15
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-earnings-call-biggest-takeaways-231500239.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Tech giant Apple (AAPL) published its fiscal second quarter earnings results, topping both its top and bottom line projections.
Yahoo Finance tech editor Dan Howley joins in on the Apple earnings coverage to share his biggest takeaways from the iPhone maker's earnings call, including expectations for the AI-boosted Siri digital assistant and CEO Tim Cook's comments on forecasts for additional tariff costs in this quarter.
Also catch Yahoo Finance give a detailed breakdown on the performance of Apple's digital services segment in its latest quarter.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
Here on Yahoo! Finance, Dan Howley is standing by with some takeaways from Apple's print and call.
Yeah, Josh, the uh big takeaway I think, uh, and everybody is going to be talking about is the tariff impact. And we actually had uh Tim Cook point out what he sees the impact being for the June quarter right here.
For the June quarter, currently we are not able to precisely estimate the impact of tariffs, as we are uncertain of potential future actions prior to the end of the quarter. However, for some color, assuming the current global tariff rates, policies and applications do not change for the balance of the quarter, and no new tariffs are added, we estimate the impact to add $900 million to our costs.
So that's not nothing, but it's not the kind of, you know, end of the world. But analysts wanted to know more. They wanted to know, okay, well, you're giving us this about the June quarter, what about past June quarter? And Cook had this to say about that.
I don't want to predict the future because I'm not sure uh what will happen with the tariffs, and there is the section 232 investigation going on. And and so it's uh, you know, very difficult to predict beyond beyond June. And June has the assumptions in it that I'd mentioned earlier.
So yeah, this is, you know, Tim Cook basically saying, look, we we don't know what's going to be going on. There is that uh Section 232 uh investigation. That has to do with semiconductors, uh but the Trump administration had said they may take those exemptions that were on smartphones and other computers away and kind of group them in with a new tariff based on that investigation around semiconductors. So we just have to see, and obviously, uh Tim Cook kind of not not really wanting to to dive deeper into what may happen going forward.
Um, and Dan, uh there was also some commentary on Siri, and um, you know, sort of the Siri, the smarter Siri rollout, so to speak.
Yeah, I mean, that was something that he he basically copped to right at the the start uh of the call. We've obviously not seen the smarter Siri. It was supposed to come out with WWDC. And here's what Cook had to say on that.
With regard to the more personal Siri features we announced, we need more time to complete our work on these features so they meet our high quality bar. We are making progress, and we look forward to getting these features into customer's hands.
And you know, there was uh more uh kind of questions around the the new Siri, when it's going to be coming, uh Apple intelligence investments. Apple basically saying, look, we we've put out a ton of features with iOS 18. We're going to continue to put those out. They just need more time for this more personal Siri. I will point out though that that was one of the main features that they had advertised during WWDC last June. And so not having that available, while it may take long to develop something like that, really, I think uh stuck in a lot of investors' craw uh just because of how important that seemed to be.
Dan, thank you. Appreciate it, buddy.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
Nvidia’s (NVDA) shares are not fully pricing in all of its upbeat catalysts, and it’s “certainly a buy,” Keybanc analyst John Vinh told Yahoo Finance recently. Moreover, it’s “a bit premature” to be concerned about Nvidia’s competition from custom AI chip makers, Vinh believes. NVDA’s Attractive Valuation NVDA stock is failing to price in “everything,” […]
BigBear.ai (BBAI) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of -66.67% and 3.17%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Cisco (CSCO) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold was set for its first back-to-back weekly loss this year, as risk appetite returned to Wall Street on strong tech earnings and traders curbed their bets on US interest-rate cuts this year after factory activity data.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First
We recently published a list of 10 Jim Cramer Stocks to Watch Amid Trump Tariff Wars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corp (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. Jim Cramer in a latest program on CNBC talked about the latest signs of de-escalation in […]
Aswath Damodaran, NYU Stern School of Business finance professor, says people are overestimating the long-term impact of tariffs on Apple. Apple's overall sales gained 5% to $95.4 billion, ahead of estimates, but sales from China declined 2.3% to $16 billion in the fiscal second quarter, missing analyst estimates.
In recent month, economists and Wall Street analysts have speculated that U.S. importers and consumers were trying to get in front of tariffs by accelerating their purchases in February and March, thus pulling forward demand for the rest of the year.  Apple CEO Tim Cook said Thursday he saw no evidence of that in the company's latest period.  "If you look at the March quarter, we don't believe that we saw obvious evidence of a significant pull forward in demand in the March quarter due to tariffs," Cook said on the company's earnings call Thursday evening.
Intel announced plans to develop its own AI chips on an earnings call Friday The company's previous strategy has been to acquire AI startups that have already developed their own chips Analysts remain split on whether or not the plan will work, citing Nvidia's dominance in the market Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) CEO Lip-Bu Tan announced that the company will be working to develop its own AI chips, in an earnings call on Friday. "This is not a quick fix," Tan said on the call. He continued that he would b
Apple is reporting its second quarter earnings after the bell today. Yahoo Finance will be live with special coverage to explore the report from all angles starting at 4 p.m. ET.