Title: How to invest in Nvidia successfully during Trump tariff turmoil
Date: 2025-04-16 16:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/how-to-invest-in-nvidia-successfully-during-trump-tariff-turmoil-160535638.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Listen and subscribe to Opening Bid on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, YouTube or wherever you find your favorite podcasts. Not too long ago, Nvidia (NVDA) seemed unstoppable. If recent market woes and the Nvidia pullback have investors down, they should consider the bigger picture, according to Lawrence "Larry" McDonald, founder of the Bear Traps Report. "You can make a lot of money by investing in the power infrastructure plays," he told Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi for an episode of the Opening Bid podcast (see the video above or listen below). He added that Nvidia's forecasts include $3 trillion in growth and that copper has a bright future related to it. "If you really, really listen to Jensen [Huang] and the Nvidia gods, the only way they get to their growth trajectory is with a lot more copper." "If you look at the copper or oil names, they're down 30, sometimes, 25% off the highs," he said. "The future looks great for them because the valuation setup is so skewed." McDonald is no stranger to helping the average investor through turbulent market moments. Among other things, the Bear Traps Report aims to demystify political policy risk for investors and related investment strategies. McDonald is also the author of two books, including 2024's "How to Listen When Markets Speak." Plenty of speculation and concern had gripped investors related to Trump's tariffs and their impact on technology. Markets have responded accordingly. Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs The boost to 145% tariffs earlier this month on Chinese goods resulted in consumers bracing for sticker-shock prices on items such as iPhones. Meanwhile, Apple (AAPL) reportedly flew $2 billion worth of iPhones from India in March just before the first round of tariffs took hold. Nvidia had to take a $5.5 billion charge this week because of fresh restrictions on its AI chip exports to China.  In an April 10 note, Citi analyst Atif Malik maintained a Buy rating on Nvidia but lowered estimates "to align with our revised hyperscaler capex model of +35%/+15% spend reflecting mostly lower Microsoft capex concerns and higher risk of pause in enterprise investments amid uncertainty around the global economy due to ongoing trade war," he wrote. McDonald said despite his interest in copper as a way to play AI, Nvidia remains poised for AI greatness. It may just take a bit for the stock to work higher again. "You can make a lot of money by investing in the power infrastructure plays," he said. McDonald also noted that there are many ETF opportunities for investors looking to get into the space. "You're investing in a basket of companies that are going to power AI for the next 30 years," he said. Three times each week, Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi fields insight-filled conversations and chats with the biggest names in business and markets on Opening Bid. You can find more episodes on our video hub or watch on your preferred streaming service. Grace Williams is a writer for Yahoo Finance. Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Apple stock fell more than 2% late Wednesday morning, once again putting its market capitalization below the $3 trillion mark after a brief rally. Southern Copper (SCCO) concluded the recent trading session at $86.83, signifying a -0.96% move from its prior day's close. Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. The U.S.-China tech war just claimed another high-profile casualty. In the closing of the recent trading day, Exxon Mobil (XOM) stood at $103.39, denoting a +0.24% change from the preceding trading day. Gold prices rose to another record high on Wednesday as stocks tumbled after AI chip giant Nvidia warned it would take a big hit from escalating tensions between the U.S. and China. (Bloomberg) -- Oil rose on the prospect of a de-escalation in the trade war between the world’s two largest economies and a stall in nuclear talks between the US and Iran. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office SpaceWhy the Best Bike Lanes Always Get BlamedLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal CostsWest Texas Intermediate futures added 1.9% to settle near $62.50 a barrel, the third gain in (Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortagePresident Donald Trump’s administration pressed forward with plans to impose tariffs on semiconductor and pharmaceutical imports by initiating trade Many growth-focused companies don't pay dividends at all, which is why the yield on the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) has fallen to just 1.4%.  Stocks with reliable dividends and high yields can be excellent ways to collect passive income no matter what the broader market is doing.  Here's why these three fool.com contributors think Chevron (NYSE: CVX), Brookfield Renewable Partners (NYSE: BEP) (NYSE: BEPC), and MSC Industrial Direct (NYSE: MSM) are three high-yield dividend stocks to buy now. Within the largest companies in the sector, the players least affected by China risk are Alphabet and Meta Platforms. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
