Title: Apple CEO Tim Cook is facing the most daunting moment of his career, but the former COO might be uniquely suited to navigate a tariff meltdown
Date: 2025-04-09 17:49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-ceo-tim-cook-facing-174938897.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Tech companies have found themselves in the crosshairs of Trump’s aggressive tariff policies this week, with the Magnificent Seven losing $2 trillion in value in the latest market downturn and possibly more pain to come. Because of its significant exposure to China, Apple has seen the largest selloff of the group. The iPhone maker’s shares have dropped so much—roughly 20% since Trump announced his reciprocal tariffs—that it lost its designation as the world’s most valuable company. That honor now belongs to Microsoft. Still, analyst and investor sentiment hasn’t completely turned on Apple, in part because of the training and pedigree of its current CEO, Tim Cook, and his background as a supply-chain whisperer. “We’re at a moment in which the kinds of responsibilities a COO is used to having might best serve a CEO,” says Jeremy Friedman, associate professor of business and geopolitics at Harvard Business School. “The focus is on logistics right now.” Dan Ives, a senior analyst at Wedbush Securities, has warned against Trump’s plans to force Apple to manufacture iPhones domestically—something that business-world watchers agree would be disastrous. And although Apple is in an unenviable position, he says that Cook is uniquely suited to meeting the moment. “The reality is that no company is more in the eye of the storm,” says Ives. “But given Cook’s history, in my opinion, as one of the best leaders in the world, there’s no one better to navigate this than him.” Cook arrived at Apple in 1998 at a critical moment for the company. The tech brand enjoyed strong consumer demand, but its cluttered supply chain and inventory mismanagement created massive challenges and inconsistent quality. Cook, who had held senior operations roles at Compaq and IBM, and is an engineer by training, redesigned Apple’s sprawling supply chain and built its just-in-time inventory system. Apple’s legendary cofounder Steve Jobs named Cook as CEO just months before his death. It was the right move for a myriad of reasons, including what was about to happen in the business environment. Research from McKinsey published in 2022 shows that compared with decades ago, companies are experiencing more unforeseeable disruptions to their supply chains, and with greater consequences, than ever before. But companies with senior leaders and board members who are also operational masterminds are usually first to respond in a crisis, making them high performers, says Daniel Swan, who co-leads McKinsey’s operations practice globally. Leaders steeped in operations understand “from the bottom up, what’s happening,” says Swan. They develop a granular rather than superficial understanding of events, he says, which leads to “understanding the implications for your products, your customers, and allows you to make much better decisions.” Whether it’s conflicts, pandemics, weather events, or trade wars, operators know to be proactive, understanding that disruptions are a part of life, he adds. And rather than getting fixated on finding one “right” solution, he says, system thinkers look for responses that offer flexibility. “The one thing about supply-chain disruption is, by definition, you’re going to be wrong,” he says. In his early years as CEO, Cook faced criticism for not delivering big splashy new products or projecting the grand visions of his famous predecessor. However, Cook has proved to be the right man for the role, iterating on products, expanding Apple’s market share, and creating the world’s first $3 trillion company (before Trump’s tariffs)—while maneuvering in an increasingly complicated world. Even in periods of relative calm, Cook has been known for focusing on supply at the right time, for example, by jumping ahead of competitors to book holiday air freight well in advance of the Christmas season. In the latest test of his tactical skills, Cook has already demonstrated why flexibility matters. Apple reportedly just decided it would be sourcing more U.S.-bound iPhones from India, where Trump set tariffs at 27%, rather than from China, where they’re now 104%. The move is seen as a stopgap measure while tariff negotiations continue. That kind of agility doesn’t come easily to a company operating at Apple’s scale. But after the pandemic, when Apple eventually suffered the same shortages, delays, and billions in lost sales as other companies, Cook began building additional paths to manufacturing, says Friedman, giving Apple the flexibility to move production to a degree, without moving all of its supply chain out of China. To be sure, CEOs find themselves in uncharted waters following Trump’s tariffs. Apple is on track to experience an unprecedented challenge along with the rest of corporate America, and there’s only so much that a chief executive can do to blunt the pain of double-digit levies. Ives’s estimate put the post-tariff price of an iPhone as high as $3,500. And just as the market began to fully melt down on Wednesday, President Donald Trump announced a 90-day pause on tariffs for all U.S. trading partners with the exception of China, on whom he raised tariffs even more. In short, the unpredictability continues. But aside from Cook’s COO background, he has been building relationships in Washington, or as Ives puts it: “Cook is 10% politician, 90% CEO.” In the president’s last term, Cook used his diplomacy skills to win a tariff exemption from Trump, a leader with whom he has developed a strong working relationship. It’s unclear whether the same opening for relief exists today, or whether Apple’s leader has an advantage over any other CEO or billionaire trying to influence Trump’s policies, says Friedman. However, he notes, as the leader of what was once the world’s most valuable company, caught between two superpowers, Cook may be playing a role as a future statesman on a larger scale than just managing his own company. Accordingly, in February, Apple announced plans to spend $500 billion in the U.S. to support its efforts in artificial intelligence, adding a new factory and creating 20,000 jobs over the next four years. “One can imagine, if there is some sort of grand bargain between the U.S. and China coming in the next year or two,” he says, “Tim Cook might as soon as anybody play an intermediary role.” This story was originally featured on Fortune.com There has been an apparent Canada-wide rebuke of the world's richest man since joining Donald Trump's administration. Tesla has already spoken out against President Trump’s tariffs, and its CEO Elon Musk is now following suit—despite his relationship with the White House. The global EV industry is shifting in a direction that doesn't favor Tesla. Mark Cuban doesn't throw around financial panic lightly—but over the weekend, the billionaire entrepreneur and Cost Plus Drugs co-founder lit up Bluesky with a warning that's hard to ignore. In his view, the latest combination of sweeping tariffs and deep government cuts could send the U.S. economy spiraling into a crisis even worse than 2008. "If the new tariffs stay in place for multiple years, and are enforced and inflationary, and DOGE continues to cut and fire, we will be in a far worse sit (Bloomberg) -- China refrained from immediately responding the latest round of US tariffs, a departure from the past two episodes when President Donald Trump hiked duties and Beijing hit back within minutes. Some five hours after Trump’s so-called reciprocal tariffs went into effect Wednesday, Beijing still hadn’t announced any retaliatory action. In February and March, multiple Chinese ministries clapped back with measure U.S. stocks dove Tuesday following another stunning reversal, with Wall Street veering from a huge gain at the opening of trading to more losses at the close, because investors still have no idea what to make of President Donald Trump’s trade war, which is scheduled to kick into a higher gear  after midnight.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 320 points, or 0.8%, after erasing an earlier surge of 1,460 points, while the Nasdaq composite dropped 2.1%.  The big question remains centered on how long Trump will keep his stiff tariffs on other countries, which would raise prices for U.S. shoppers and slow the economy. Apple produces around 90% of its iPhones in China, according to Wedbush Securities analysts. LMT secures a $22.5 million modification contract to provide maintenance and sustainment support for the F-35 jet program's Reprogramming Laboratory facilities and systems. Besides being one of the most iconic brands in the world, Coca-Cola (KO) stock has boasted consistent returns for many decades. The company went public in 1919 for $40 a share. Suffice it to say... Follow the latest tariffs coverage in our live blog Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
