Title: The Dow and S&P 500 rise slightly, but tariff and recession fears linger
Date: 2025-04-14 16:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-rise-apple-jumps-goldman-121600681.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
U.S. stocks edged up Monday morning as investors digested mixed messages on the trade war, following some of the most chaotic and turbulent weeks in recent market memory.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 91 points, or 0.2%, while the S&P 500 added 12 points, also climbing 0.2% as of 12:20 p.m. Eastern. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite remained breakeven. Gold, meanwhile, slipped 0.8%, suggesting a slight pullback from last week’s mad dash into safe-haven assets. Apple (AAPL) stock climbed, helpinglead market indexes higher.
Asurprise tariffs announcementlate Friday triggered the tech-led bounce on Monday. The electronics exemption, issued by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, seemed to shield smartphones, laptops, and other consumer electronics from Trump administration tariffs on Chinese goods – offering relief for companies that rely heavily on Chinese manufacturing, such as Apple, Nvidia (NVDA), and Microsoft (MSFT)
But the reprieve may be short-lived. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnicksaid Sundaythat the products are still included under a forthcoming round of semiconductor-related tariffs, “coming in probably a month or two.”
And President Donald Trump later rejected the idea that there had been any exemption at all, saying the goods are still subject to existing 20% fentanyl-linked tariffs and had merely shifted tariff categories. He said no product was actually exempt, calling the change a simple reclassification.
“NOBODY is getting ‘off the hook,’”Trump said Sundayon his social media site Truth Social.
Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts criticized the shifting policies as “chaos and corruption,” warning that such unpredictability is eroding investor confidence.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, the Fear & Greed Index isstill plantedin “extreme fear” territory, reflecting a lack of bullish sentiment amidst chaotic policy announcements — to say nothing of chaotic policy determination. The S&P 500's recent 5% intraday swings suggest volatility that is more structural than seasonal.
Analysts at both Morgan Stanley (MS) and Citigroup (C) have cut their year-end forecasts for U.S. stocks, pointing to rising risks from such unpredictable policy moves and ongoing geopolitical tensions.
Heading intoa packed week of corporate earningsin which major banks, healthcare companies, and consumer-facing platforms such as Netflix (NFLX) will report results, each release could either steady or rattle investor nerves.
Apple stock jumped 2.3% on Monday morning, lifted by hopes the company will be temporarily exempt from new electronics tariffs.
Separately, Apple reclaimed the top spot in global smartphone shipments for the first quarter 2025, thanks to strong demand for the iPhone 16e in markets such as Japan and India. Even alongside valid fears of disruptions to Apple’s supply chain, its product suite and global brand power remain unmatched.
Goldman Sachs (GS) reported a robust 15% increase in first-quarter profit, reaching $4.74 billion, or $14.12 per share, driven by strong trading performance amid market volatility. Goldman stock rose 1.7% Monday morning.
But it’s not just about one earnings beat. Goldman is a bellwether for how corporate America is handling volatility, providing a real-time pulse check on capital flows and investor sentiment in a year that’s been anything but normal. On Monday, it’s a reminder that Wall Street firms may make money whether times are good or bad.
For the latest news,Facebook,TwitterandInstagram.
President Trump said he was considering short-term tariff exemptions for auto companies in the Oval Office on Monday. He said he exempted smartphones from recent tariffs.
Procter & Gamble, Merck, Medtronic, Johnson & Johnson, Intuit, and Comcast have lagged behind the market’s rebound, but they look set to rise from here.
The Deprez family have set up Garden as a holding company to acquire an additional 57.73% of the Belgium-based fruit and veg business.
Sluggish dairy consumption and production in the EU is driving processors to join forces and more deals are likely to follow.
Guild Mortgage Company offers multiple types of mortgages, including a 1% down payment option. Learn whether Guild is the best fit for you.
We came across a bullish thesis on Solventum Corporation (NYSE:SOLV) on ValueInvestorsClub by GCA. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on SOLV. The company’s shares were trading at $74.24 when this thesis was published, vs. the closing price of $66.19 on Apr 11. SOLV is a healthcare company that develops, manufactures, and […]
Most taxpayers struggle with this choice every tax season: take the standard deduction vs. itemized deductions. We explain the differences and help you decide when to itemize.
Apple didn’t wait around for tariff certainty from the Trump administration to get ahead of the potential hit.  IDC data published Monday showed that Apple shipped 57.9 million iPhones in the first quarter, a 10% jump from the prior year period and a record for the company.  “Better to stockpile iPhones than wait for whatever is going to happen,” said IDC Vice President Francisco Jeronimo.
An unidentified options trader's multi-million dollar bet on a short-term rebound in Apple Inc.'s shares was set to reap a sizable profit as the iPhone-maker's shares soared on Monday following the Trump administration's weekend move to grant tariff exclusions for smartphones.  On Monday, Apple shares rose as much as 7% to a high of $212.94 before paring gains to trade up 4.5% at $206.05, after the Trump administration, late on Friday, granted exclusions from the steep reciprocal tariffs on smartphones and a set of other electronics products, a move seen as a big break for technology firms such as Apple that rely on imports from China.  The jump in Apple's share price means a bullish options trade opened Friday for about $5 million was, on paper, valued at about $14 million early on Monday, a gain of 180%, according to a Reuters calculation.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.