Title: How to invest in Nvidia successfully during Trump tariff turmoil
Date: 2025-04-16 16:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/how-to-invest-in-nvidia-successfully-during-trump-tariff-turmoil-160535638.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Listen and subscribe to Opening Bid on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, YouTube or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.
Not too long ago, Nvidia (NVDA) seemed unstoppable.
If recent market woes and the Nvidia pullback have investors down, they should consider the bigger picture, according to Lawrence "Larry" McDonald, founder of the Bear Traps Report.
"You can make a lot of money by investing in the power infrastructure plays," he told Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi for an episode of the Opening Bid podcast (see the video above or listen below).
He added that Nvidia's forecasts include $3 trillion in growth and that copper has a bright future related to it. "If you really, really listen to Jensen [Huang] and the Nvidia gods, the only way they get to their growth trajectory is with a lot more copper."
"If you look at the copper or oil names, they're down 30, sometimes, 25% off the highs," he said. "The future looks great for them because the valuation setup is so skewed."
McDonald is no stranger to helping the average investor through turbulent market moments.
Among other things, the Bear Traps Report aims to demystify political policy risk for investors and related investment strategies. McDonald is also the author of two books, including 2024's "How to Listen When Markets Speak."
Plenty of speculation and concern had gripped investors related to Trump's tariffs and their impact on technology. Markets have responded accordingly.
Read more: The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
The boost to 145% tariffs earlier this month on Chinese goods resulted in consumers bracing for sticker-shock prices on items such as iPhones. Meanwhile, Apple (AAPL) reportedly flew $2 billion worth of iPhones from India in March just before the first round of tariffs took hold.
Nvidia had to take a $5.5 billion charge this week because of fresh restrictions on its AI chip exports to China.
In an April 10 note, Citi analyst Atif Malik maintained a Buy rating on Nvidia but lowered estimates "to align with our revised hyperscaler capex model of +35%/+15% spend reflecting mostly lower Microsoft capex concerns and higher risk of pause in enterprise investments amid uncertainty around the global economy due to ongoing trade war," he wrote.
McDonald said despite his interest in copper as a way to play AI, Nvidia remains poised for AI greatness. It may just take a bit for the stock to work higher again.
"You can make a lot of money by investing in the power infrastructure plays," he said.
McDonald also noted that there are many ETF opportunities for investors looking to get into the space. "You're investing in a basket of companies that are going to power AI for the next 30 years," he said.
Three times each week, Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi fields insight-filled conversations and chats with the biggest names in business and markets on Opening Bid. You can find more episodes on our video hub or watch on your preferred streaming service.
Grace Williams is a writer for Yahoo Finance.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) shares fell more than 7% on Wednesday morning, after the company disclosed new export restrictions on its artificial intelligence (AI) chips.  Specifically, the company must now obtain licenses from the U.S. government to sell its H20 processors in China.  Nvidia stock now has plummeted 30% from the record high it reached in January.
On April 2, President Trump announced plans to impose tariffs on all physical products imported into America, which sent investors flocking to safe-haven assets like cash on fears of a global economic slowdown.  Shares of Nvidia and Alphabet are down by more than 20% from their all-time highs, yet most of the products they sell are either exempt from President Trump's tariffs or were never impacted to begin with.
We recently published a list of the 12 Reddit Stocks with High Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Strategy Incorporated (NASDAQ:MSTR) stands against other Reddit stocks with high potential. On April 15, Monica Guerra, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Head of US Policy, joined ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC […]
Well-known investor Josh Brown disclosed on CNBC recently that he had sold all of his shares of Alphabet (GOOG,GOOGL). Brown, the CEO of Ritholtz Wealth Management, stated that he was concerned about the impact of ChatGPT on Alphabet’s core internet search business. Details About Brown’s Decision and His Motivation After selling half of his GOOG […]
Apple stock fell more than 2% late Wednesday morning, once again putting its market capitalization below the $3 trillion mark after a brief rally.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE: TSM) stock got hit with significant sell-offs in Wednesday's trading.  Meanwhile, the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) and Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) fell 2.2% and 3.1% in the session, respectively.  TSMC's valuation moved lower today in conjunction with news of new export restrictions on Nvidia's processors, higher tariffs on China, and cautious commentary from Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg hoped to avoid a high-stakes antitrust trial playing out this week in Washington, D.C., but he wasn't willing to pay what US antitrust cops wanted.
The scramble to build compute capacity for artificial intelligence (AI) models and training has enriched longtime Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) shareholders.  Large tech companies have been sharply increasing capital spending to build data centers and fill them with powerful servers, largely using Nvidia's products.  Retail investors and hedge fund managers alike piled into Nvidia shares over the past few years.
Let's explore why Phillip Morris International (NYSE: PM) and Alpine Income Property Trust (NYSE: PINE) could be long-term winners.  Because nicotine is habit-forming, demand for cigarettes and other tobacco products typically remains strong no matter what is happening in the economy.  Philip Morris International has tackled this challenge through geographic diversification and a pivot to safer, reduced-risk tobacco products.
Income investors can look at the proverbial glass of water as half-full amid intense stock market volatility.  Energy Transfer LP (NYSE: ET) is on the bubble to qualify for this list.  This midstream energy leader's business should hold up quite well even if President Trump's steep tariffs remain in place.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
