Title: Citi cuts internet stock targets amid tariffs and softer macro
Date: 2025-04-14 12:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/citi-cuts-internet-stock-targets-125235785.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Investing.com -- Citi has trimmed target prices (TPs) and earnings projections for several U.S. internet stocks amid the negative effects of recently imposed tariffs, more limited macro visibility, and a weakening outlook for online advertising.
While Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) remain the firm’s top picks, the Wall Street firm sees downside risks mounting across the broader online ecosystem.
The new round of tariff hikes—145% on Chinese goods and 10% on others—along with fading consumer sentiment, has led Citi to lower its 2025 and 2026 revenue and EBITDA forecasts for companies including Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL),RedditInc (NYSE:RDDT), Pinterest (NYSE:PINS), andSnap Inc(NYSE:SNAP).
“Lower consumer confidence likely translates directly into reduced demand and ad budgets, and we note even prior to ‘Liberation Day’ our checks were highlighting macro challenges,” said Ronald Josey, senior internet analyst at Citi.
Josey cut the price target on Meta shares to $655 from $780, but the analyst maintained the Buy rating, pointing to the company’s strong engagement trends and product innovation.
Meta’s performance-based ad model is “typically among the last platforms (and among the first to recover) to experience a slowdown in ad spend,” Josey noted, adding that newer products like Meta GEM and Business AI are boosting conversion rates.
Amazon’s target was reduced to $225 from $273, reflecting the company’s direct exposure to tariffs and macro uncertainty. However, Citi sees some offset from a continued mix-shift toward essentials and resilient demand for AWS.
“The 145% tariffs on Chinese imports may have a greater impact on Amazon’s sales and profitability,” the note states, though the bank expects efficiency gains from regionalization and automation efforts to provide margin support.
Snap also bore a steep cut, with its target slashed to $9 from $13.50. Josey flagged brand advertising exposure and slowing engagement in North America as key risks.
Pinterest and Reddit also saw double-digit reductions to their price targets to $38 and $150, respectively, reflecting lower ad revenue forecasts and ongoing economic headwinds.
“Our lower multiple reflects advertising headwinds and reduced visibility, though partially offset by improving engagement rates, tailwinds from key product improvements, and expanding margins on greater overall efficiency,” Josey said on PINS.
Citi’s price objective on Alphabet stock of $195 remained unchanged, though the bank lowered its 2025 and 2026 revenue forecasts for Google and Alphabet by 3.5% and 5%, citing reduced visibility across Search and YouTube due to a worsening macroeconomic backdrop.
Related articles
Dialysis firm DaVita hit by ransomware attack, says patient care continues
Facebook owner Meta bought Instagram, WhatsApp instead of competing, FTC says at trial
Apple takes top spot for first-quarter smartphone sales, data shows
The long-term outlooks of Walmart (WMT) and Amazon.com (AMZN) are positive, partly because both names have “pricing power,” Jason Brown, the founder of The Brown Report told Schwab Network recently. The network described Brown as “an expert on stocks.” WMT Has “Huge Pricing Power,” Brown Says In addition to having “huge pricing power,” WMT is […]
Two analysts duel over Alphabet. Which one is right?
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially […]
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.