Title: Apple leads tech stocks higher on Trump's temporary tech tariff reprieve
Date: 2025-04-14 12:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-leads-tech-stocks-higher-on-trumps-temporary-tech-tariff-reprieve-125423982.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apple (AAPL) led the "Magnificent Seven" stocks higher Monday as investors cheered the Trump administration's temporary tariff exemptions for tech products announced over the weekend.
US Customs and Border Protectionissued regulations late Fridayexempting consumer electronics, networking equipment, and computing products — including GPUs and servers — from reciprocal tariffs.
Taken together, the products represent $340 billion in global imports, with China accounting for $100 billion of the exclusions, Bernstein analyst Stacy Rasgon wrote in an analysis early Monday.
Apple stock rose, paring gains but still up over 3% in afternoon trading.The exemptions cover almost all of its products— smartphones, personal computers, tablets, smartwatches, and other accessories, according to Citi analyst Atif Malik.
Read more:The latest news and updates on Trump's tariffs
Google (GOOG) gained more than 1% Monday. Nvidia (NVDA) stock jumped as much as 3%, but later reversed direction. The tech-heavy Nasdaq (^IXIC) rose 0.6% Monday afternoon.
Read more:What Trump's tariffs mean for the economy and your wallet
On April 2, Trump announced global reciprocal tariffs, including levies of 34% and 46% on imports from Taiwan and Vietnam, respectively, which will go into effect on April 9.
The presidentinstead announced a 90-day pause on the reciprocal tariff plan last Wednesday— with the exception of a 145% reciprocal tariff on Chinese imports. Trump also left in place a 10% global baseline tariff effective April 5.
On Sunday, however, Trumpsaid the tech exemptions were a temporary measure, telling reporters aboard Air Force One Sunday: "The tariffs will be in place in the not distant future because as with steel, like we did with automobiles, like we did with aluminum — which are now fully on — we'll be doing that with semiconductors, with chips, and numerous other things."
"That'll take place in the very near future," Trump said, adding that semiconductor tariffs will be announced "over the next week."
Wedbush analyst Dan Ives wrote that the confusing messaging was an overall good sign for the tech industry, writing in a note to investors late Sunday: "Overall, we view the dizzying weekend tariff news as a step forward net positive for Apple as well as other tech names at it gives some flexibility and allows for China negotiations to hopefully take place in the coming months which could deescalate some tariff/trade war issues with Big Tech caught in the middle."
The Magnificent Seven tech stocks suffered major losses following the April 2 announcement of Trump's reciprocal tariff plan,at one point shedding a cumulative $2 trillion from their market capitalizations. These stocksquickly reversed some of these losses after Trump issued a 90-day pause on the tariffs, leaving 10% global duties in their place.
Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Investors looking for ways to find stocks that are set to beat quarterly earnings estimates should check out the Zacks Earnings ESP.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer analyzed […]
President Trump said he was considering short-term tariff exemptions for auto companies in the Oval Office on Monday. He said he exempted smartphones from recent tariffs.
Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) appears to be in a strong position to weather the current storm.  Its cash position is nearly $96.7 billion.  Alphabet makes most of its money from advertising on Google Search and other apps.
Answering reporters’ questions in the Oval Office, Trump said he may cut deals for car companies to help them manage the impact of tariffs.  Currently, 25% levies apply to car imports, with similar levies for car parts expected in early May.
The constant flow of headlines and changing tariff rhetoric has Wall Street strategists unsure of what type of incremental news will move markets next.
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.