Title: Here’s why this analyst says 2025 is a critical year for Uber
Date: 2025-04-13 10:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-analyst-says-2025-critical-103006090.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Investing.com - This year will be "critical" for Uber (NYSE:UBER), according to analysts at Bernstein, as the ride-hailing giant pushes to attract more customers and persuade investors that it can bolster its competitiveness in the race to monetize self-driving technology.
Earlier this year, CEO Dara Khosrowshahi touted Uber’s position in the self-driving taxi segment, arguing that the company can attract new technology partners thanks in part to this business.
Last month, Alphabet-backed Waymo launched its self-driving taxi in Austin, Texas using Uber’s platform exclusively.
Writing in a note to clients, the Bernstein analysts led by Nikhil Devnani said that data points from Waymo’s operations in Austin -- along with an upcoming release in Atlanta, Georgia -- will likely prove to be a major catalyst for Uber in 2025.
"[T]hese markets are now critical case studies for Uber to prove out the value of its network, which comes back to the strength of the existing audience it has, regulatory relationships, the ability to help Waymo manage a fleet, and the more mundane operations and support functions at scale," the analysts wrote.
At the same time, Uber needs to continue to show that it has "regained a bit more control" over the narrative around its autonomous vehicle (AV) operations, they said.
"The stock has rebounded from its 2024 lows, and the narrative has improved a bit. Nonetheless, there still is a bear case to disprove and a persistent overhang on the multiple from the AV debate," the analysts said.
"Even if we stick with a view that UBER is likely capped as a trading stock until the AV debate settles, there’s room to move up the range. To truly break out and regain investor comfort around the 5-year view, we need resolution on the core AV debates."
Shares in Uber have risen by more than 12% so far this year, and have slipped by over 4% in the past one-year period.
Meanwhile, the broader economic picture presents a "growing risk" for Uber, particularly if travel demand begins to soften, the analysts warned.
Recent data points have suggested that U.S. consumer inflation expectations have risen due to the potential impact of President Donald Trump’s sweeping -- and now-delayed -- tariffs.
The latest University of Michigan consumer survey in March showed that long-run inflation expectations were above 4% "in light of frequent developments and changes with economic policy."
Last month, consumer sentiment plunged as well, prior to the full unveiling of Trump’s punishing levies on countries around the world on April 2, as Americans fretted over their personal finances, business conditions, and unemployment.
The figures suggested that Americans were becoming more cautious and may be reining in spending on nonessential items. Fears have subsequently risen around a potential recession in the broader economy, although the latest numbers have not indicated that the U.S. is already in a downturn.
U.S. consumer prices increased by less than anticipated in March on annualized basis, and fell month-on-month.
"Against the current consumer backdrop, it may simply be good enough for Uber to hit Street numbers," the analysts said. They added, if Uber can deliver compound core income growth at 30% over the next two years, then an enterprise value-to-underlying earnings ratio of 14 "offers an attractive entry point in our view."
Related articles
Turkey Outlines Temporary Cap on Home Rents as Inflation Rages
Microsoft scales down Russia operations due to Ukraine crisis
Euro-Zone Economy Grew More Than Estimated at Start of Year
Investors looking for ways to find stocks that are set to beat quarterly earnings estimates should check out the Zacks Earnings ESP.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.