Title: New York Developer Related Looks To Raise $8 Billion For Data Center Investment
Date: 2025-04-14 17:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/york-developer-related-looks-raise-173120713.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Benzinga and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue on some items through the links below.
As the AI arms race heats up, data centers have become one of the most coveted commodities in commercial real estate. Such is the draw thatRelated Companies, a privately owned real estate behemoth known for mainly building office, retail, and residential developments such as New York's Hudson Yards, wants in on the action and is planning to raise $8 billion to do so,Bloomberg reports.
Don't Miss:
Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing —you can become an investor for $0.80 per share today.
This investment company boasts a 33.85% internal rate of return (IRR) for its realized projects, allowing accredited investors to earn passive returns and avoid the headaches of being a landlord.
Related are entering an ever-crowded field. Private equity giantBlackstone(NYSE:BX) and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board made headlines when they spent$16 billionto acquireAir Trunk, the largest data center operator in the Asia Pacific in September. More recently,JPMorgan Chase(NYSE:JPM) and Starwood Property Trust (NYSE:STWD) agreed to lend $2 billion to construct a 100-acre data campus in Utah. JPMorgan Chase is also backing a$2.3 billionfacility in Abilene, Texas. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG, GOOGL)), and Meta (NASDAQ:META) have each said they will spend $65 billion to $100 billion this year on data centers.
Related's data center arm isRelated Digital. The company has a "$45 billion development pipeline of more than 5 gigawatts (GW) of near-term power across the United States and Canada," Related said in astatement. Through initial sponsor commitments, Related is committing a minimum of $500 million to the buildout.
Trending: Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets –with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share!
"Digital infrastructure is one of the most remarkable growth categories and asset classes that I have seen in my more than 35 years in real estate development, driven by the unprecedented demand for data centers with reliable access to significant energy sources,"Jeff T. Blau, CEO of Related said in the statement. "Related Digital is uniquely positioned to partner with major technology companies to execute on this massive opportunity," he continued.
The company has earmarked an initial expenditure of $45 billion for several projects in the Midwest. It plans to develop a 400-acre former U.S. Steel South Works site along the Lake Michigan shoreline, creating a state-of-the-art campus at 8080 Lake Shore Drive in Chicago. When completed, it will be one of the largest contiguous infill waterfront properties in the country, according to the company. The development will include a new 128-acre campus for PsiQuantum, which plans to build the world's largest quantum computer there.
Other projects include data centers of over 500 acres in Illinois, over 600  acres in Missouri, and 115 acres in Wyoming.
See Also: BlackRock is calling 2025 the year of alternative assets.One firm from NYC has quietly built a group of 60,000+ investors who have all joined in on an alt asset class previously exclusive to billionaires like Bezos and Gates.
The rapid upscaling of data centers has created concerns about the energy required to power them and carbon emissions.The International Energy Agencystated that in 2023, investment from Google, Microsoft, and Amazon was higher than that of the entire US oil and gas industry—totaling around "0.5% of US GDP." Google in July reported a13% emissions increasein 2023 due to its data centers.
Elio van Puyvelde, chief information officer at AI cloud platformNscale, toldData Center Magazine: "Ensuring data centers are built where there is a stable supply of renewable power is one thing, but the industry must focus on maximizing efficiency too. The reality is AI workloads are so often poorly optimized, wasting energy use and delivering poor returns."
Read Next:
If there was a new fund backed by Jeff Bezos offering a7-9% target yield with monthly dividends would you invest in it?
Arrived Home's Private Credit Fund’s has historically paid an annualized dividend yield of 8.1%*,which provides access to a pool of short-term loans backed by residential real estate with just a $100 minimum.
Send To MSN:  0
This articleNew York Developer Related Looks To Raise $8 Billion For Data Center Investmentoriginally appeared onBenzinga.com
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.