Title: Netflix & UnitedHealth earnings, housing data_ What to Watch
Date: 2025-04-16 23:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/netflix-unitedhealth-earnings-housing-data-230000837.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Key earnings from Taiwan Semiconductor (TSM), UnitedHealth Group (UNH), American Express (AXP), and Netflix (NFLX) are set to be released Thursday, with Netflix no longer reporting its quarterly subscriber numbers.
March housing data is also due, with economists forecasting declines in starts and permits. Meanwhile, markets are watching for more Federal Reserve commentary after Fed Chairman Jerome Powell’s remarks on Wednesday deepened a sell-off.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.
Time now for to watch Thursday, April 17th, sponsored by Tasty trade, going to start off on the earnings front here. Some big names reporting tomorrow, including Taiwan Semiconductor, American Express, and Netflix. Now, Netflix announcing first quarter results. That's coming after the markets close. Remember, Netflix says it will no longer be disclosing its quarterly subscriber numbers starting this quarter, but analysts are still expecting that momentum to endure and drive revenue growth in Q1. Then moving over to housing, we're going to be getting some fresh housing data with housing starts and building permits in the morning. Economist expecting both starts and permits to decrease in March to 1.42 million and 1.45 million respectively, on a month-over-month basis. And taking a look at the Fed, got some more Fed commentary coming in tomorrow. That's going to be from Fed governor Michael Barr. It's coming after comments earlier today from Fed Chair Jerome Powell. Powell speaking today at the Economic Club of Chicago, and the markets experienced, you know, a sharp sell-off as a result. Powell saying that the effects of tariffs are moving the Fed away from its dual mandate goal of price stability and maximum employment.
Over the last few years, Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) has emerged as the leader of America's tech industry -- riding a tidal wave of demand for its cutting-edge chips used to train and run AI algorithms.  While it's easy to blame Nvidia's recent dip on the Trump administration's trade policy, that's only part of the story.  Semiconductors are exempt from U.S. tariffs (although this could change in the future), and Nvidia has already made significant strides to onshore its supply chain -- even sourcing its latest Blackwell-based graphics processing units (GPUs) from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing's new manufacturing facility in Arizona.
UnitedHealth Group is set to benefit from the Trump administration’s Medicare reimbursement rate hike.
We recently published a list of 10 Dirt Cheap Stocks To Invest In Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) stands against other dirt cheap stocks to invest in now. Investor’s Guide to Navigating the Volatilitc The stock market has been experiencing volatility and has […]
The Himalayan nation of Bhutan is exploring ways to mine and leverage green cryptocurrencies using hydropower to boost its economy and create jobs to reduce brain drain, the chief executive of its sovereign wealth fund said.  Green cryptocurrencies are digital currencies mined using clean energy resources such as wind, hydro or solar power instead of fossil fuel.  Sandwiched between Asian giants India and China, Bhutan has earned millions of dollars in recent years by investing in some of the world's most popular cryptocurrencies and used some of its profit to pay government salaries for two years, two senior  officials in Thimphu, the capital said.
Asian shares mostly rose Thursday, despite the continued fretting over President Donald Trump’s trade war, with all eyes on negotiations that just began between the administration and Japan.  Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 0.7% to 34,142.86 in morning trading.  Honda stock price jumped 1.7% after the Japanese automaker said it plans to move its production of the five-door Civic hybrid electric vehicles for the U.S. market from Japan to the company's plant in Indiana.
What to expect from Netflix's first-quarter earnings and how will results impact Wall Street sentiment?
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer is Bullish on These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host, Jim Cramer, shared his perspective on how investors might approach the stock […]
Netflix is set to report its fiscal first quarter earnings on Thursday after the market close. Here's what to know.
Netflix is slated to report first-quarter results after markets close Thursday, and options markets suggest traders are expecting a stock price big move in the following days.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
