Title: Key Large Cap Reports to Watch This Week
Date: 2025-04-15 15:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/key-large-cap-reports-watch-150000362.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Earnings season is always exciting for investors, with companies finally pulling the curtain back and unveiling what’s happened behind the scenes. Guidance is notably more critical this reporting cycle, given the recent tariff-induced spooks that we’ve become accustomed to.
Importantly, several notable large-cap stocks are reporting this week, a list that includes Progressive PGR and UnitedHealth UNH. As shown below, PGR and UNH shares have shown great relative strength in 2025.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Let’s take a closer look at what to expect from each.
UnitedHealth Group offers a full spectrum of health benefits, with its Optum segment using data and technology to improve care delivery and health outcomes.
UNH is currently a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), with the earnings estimate revisions trend for its upcoming release largely stable over recent months. Top line revisions have also primarily remained stable, with the company expected to see 5% EPS growth on 11% higher sales.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Shares presently trade at a 19.5X forward 12-month earnings multiple, in line with the five-year median and beneath a 26.6X five-year high. The current PEG ratio works out to 1.6X, above the 1.4X five-year median and off modestly from 1.9X five-year highs.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Progressive is one of the largest auto and property insurers in the U.S., known for its direct-to-consumer model and strong underwriting performance. The company offers various insurance products, including auto, home, renters, and commercial lines.
The stock is currently a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), with earnings expectations moving higher across the board. As shown below, the revisions trend for the upcoming print has been notably bullish, up 27% over the last 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Revenue revisions have remained stagnant, with PGR expected to see a big 27% year-over-year increase in EPS on nearly 20% higher sales. The company has been a star earnings performer overall, exceeding the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate by an average of 18% across its last four releases.
Shares presently trade at a 17.6X forward 12-month earnings multiple, which compares to a 19.3X five-year median and 31.9X five-year highs. The stock sports a Style Score of ‘C’ for Value.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Bottom Line
The 2025 Q1 earnings season picks up considerably this week, with large-cap companies Progressive PGR and UnitedHealth UNH partly headlining the reporting docket.
Guidance will be key from both companies, but it’s worth mentioning that both companies are largely insulated from tariff worries thanks to their domestic operations, reflecting a key differentiator in today’s political climate.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
The Progressive Corporation (PGR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Verve Therapeutics stock rises on demonstrating superior LDL-C lowering ability in a phase Ib study of VERVE-102 in patients with HeFH and/or CAD.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing […]
We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining […]
The kidney dialysis firm doesn’t have an estimate for how long disruption from the attack will last, though DaVita stressed it’s continuing to provide patient care.
CVS Health and UnitedHealth are two of the top companies leading the S&P 500 chart YTD. But which is the better investment now? Let's take a closer look.
UnitedHealth Group is set to benefit from the Trump administration’s Medicare reimbursement rate hike.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Pharma Stocks to Buy for Long Term Growth. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) stands against other best pharma stocks to buy for long term growth. U.S. Pharma Turns to China for Drug Deals With big […]
Shares of Viking Therapeutics (VKTX) and Structure Therapeutics (GPCR) are on the rise on Monday after Pfizer (PFE) announced its decision to discontinue development of danuglipron, an oral glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, which was being investigated for chronic weight management. While Morgan Stanley predicts “limited reaction” in Pfizer’s shares following the news, JPMorgan tells investors that the decision is “mostly a positive” for Structure and Viking, both developing drugs in the
PFE's decision to scrap the development of danuglipron comes after a study participant develops potential drug-induced liver injury.
On Monday, Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) said it had become aware of several hundred units of Ozempic (semaglutide) injection 1 mg distributed outside the Novo Nordisk authorized supply chain in the U.S. The seized counterfeit products feature lot number PAR0362 and illegitimate serial numbers beginning with the first eight digits 51746517. Lot number PAR0362 is an authentic lot number. Only when the lot number is coupled with the eight digits 51746517 it is counterfeit and should not be used. Als
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
