Title: Meet the Dow Jones Dividend Stock That Is Hovering Around an All-Time High Despite the Stock Market Sell-Off
Date: 2025-04-08 11:21
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/08/meet-the-dow-jones-dividend-stock-that-is-hovering/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=73fdec37-8c41-437a-8a53-3ef1dfcfef12&.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
The stock market sell-off has intensified, with theDow Jones Industrial AverageandS&P 500both down over 10% from their recent highs and theNasdaq Compositedown over 20% as of this writing-- putting the growth-heavy index in a bear market.
But that doesn't mean that all stocks are going down. In fact, fast-food giantMcDonald's(MCD0.45%)hit an all-time high in March and is up slightly year-to-date at the time of this writing.
Here's why the Dow Jones component is well positioned to endure tariffs and why thedividend stockcould be worth buying now.
Image source: Getty Images.
McDonald's isn't tariff-proof, but it can endure a period of prolonged trade tensions.
McDonald's has over 38,000 locations in more than 100 countries, and around 93% of its locations are operated by independent business owners. These franchisees pay McDonald's rent and royalties. In exchange, they profit from food and beverage sales. It's a win-win for both parties because McDonald's corporate enjoys a relatively hands-off approach to generating stable cash flow while franchisees benefit from McDonald's brand power.
McDonald's has become so efficient with its operations that it currently sports a sky-high operating margin of 45.7%, which resembles asoftware company likeMicrosoftmore so than a restaurant chain. For comparison, consider that other restaurant brands likeChipotle Mexican GrillandStarbuckshave operating margins of just 17.6% and 13.2%, respectively. Chipotle owns its own stores. Starbucks owns and operates the majority of its stores, but it also has licensed locations. However, both companies have a more discretionary-dependent lineup of food and beverages, making them morevulnerable to pullbacks in consumer spendingand tariffs.
As you can see in the chart, McDonald's revenue hasn't grown much over the last decade, but because its operating margin has steadily climbed, it is converting a boatload of sales into operating income.
MCD Revenue (TTM)data byYCharts
When analyzing McDonald's, it's important to understand that corporate results vary substantially from total sales at all locations. In 2024, systemwide sales, which include franchised locations, were $130 billion. The margins on systemwide sales aren't nearly as high as what McDonald's corporate is getting because royalties and rents don't require a lot of operating expenses and are therefore high-margin.
McDonald's isn't really in the business of selling burgers and fries. Rather, it wants its franchisees to operate profitable stores so they stay in business and continue paying rent and royalties, and more business owners buy into the McDonald's model.
All told, McDonald's franchise model and focus on delivering value to customers make it relatively insulated from fluctuations in the business cycle.
McDonald's has made several improvements in recent years that have contributed to its solid results. The big one is its loyalty investments. In 2024, systemwide sales to loyalty members were 30% higher than in 2023 -- comprising 23% of 2024 systemwide sales. McDonald's doubled down on its"Four D's" strategy-- digital, delivery, drive-thru, and restaurant development -- to make it easier and faster for customers to order what they want at the best value.
These improvements could help McDonald's do well during a recession or period of prolonged tariffs. In the past, McDonald's successfully justified price increases and passed higher costs on to customers. Providing better service and convenience could separate McDonald's from the competition and drive traffic even during a slowdown. Some customers may shift food spending from sit-down restaurants to cheaper options and groceries, which would benefit McDonald's.
Referring back to the 10-year change in McDonald's sales and margins, you can see that the company's performance hasn't really dipped even during past market sell-offs and economic slowdowns, like the 2018 trade tensions under Trump's first term, the COVID-19 pandemic and the inflationary period over the last few years.
McDonald's franchise model, operational improvements, investments in its rewards program, mobile ordering, pickup, and delivery, and market positioning should help the company endure economic uncertainty. These factors may explain why the stock has held up well relative to the broader indexes so far this year.
MCDdata byYCharts
Because of its capital-light business model and high margins, McDonald's can afford to return a boatload of profits to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. McDonald's has apayout ratioof 59.2%, meaning its dividend isn't soaking up too much of its profits. It has raised its dividend for48 consecutive years, making it an ultra-reliable source of passive income.
Over the last decade, McDonald's has reduced its share count by nearly a quarter and more than doubled its dividend, showcasing how it returns capital to shareholders through both buybacks and dividend growth. McDonald's yields 2.4% at the time of this writing.
McDonald's isn't the fastest-growing business, but it is an excellent safe stock for investors looking for a steady performer that can do well even during economic slowdowns and recessions. The franchise-heavy business model leads to steady cash flows, which support predictable dividend raises and buybacks.
Add it all up, and McDonald's may be worth a closer look for risk-averse investors or anyone looking for a reliable dividend stock they can count on no matter what the broader stock market is doing.
Before you buy stock inMcDonald's, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andMcDonald'swasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Daniel Foelberhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chipotle Mexican Grill, Microsoft, and Starbucks. The Motley Fool recommends the following options: long January 2026 $395 calls on Microsoft, short January 2026 $405 calls on Microsoft, and short March 2025 $58 calls on Chipotle Mexican Grill. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/16/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.