Title: McDonald's, Starbucks, and other US chains could face anti-American pushback, Wall Street fears
Date: 2025-04-08 20:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-starbucks-and-other-us-chains-could-face-anti-american-pushback-wall-street-fears-200300110.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
As companies scramble to respond to Trump's wide-ranging reciprocal tariffs, anti-American sentiment towards US brands is emerging as another concern.
A baseline tariff of 10% went into effect on April 5, while higher reciprocal tariffs are set to begin on April 9.
For food chains, the headwind from tariffs on commodity imports is relatively small, as many ingredients are domestically grown and most imports from Canada and Mexico are exempt under the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA). But brands like McDonald's (MCD), Yum! Brands (YUM), Starbucks (SBUX), and Domino's (DPZ) have exposure to international markets that could hurt them as customers pull back, BTIG analyst Peter Saleh said.
"The bigger issue, in my mind, is the anti-American pushback in these countries on Western or US brands ... we'll see ... what companies say when they start reporting in the next couple of weeks, if they're starting to see that already," Saleh told Yahoo Finance.
Goldman Sachs estimatesthat foreign boycotts overall will cut US GDP by 0.1% to 0.3% this year, meaning a hit of roughly $28 billion to $83 billion.
Major fast food players were only beginning to turn the tide in their international business after the pandemic. China's "zero-COVID policy" lasted for three years, far longer than US policies. The stringent, prolonged shutdown had major implications for international sales.
Last quarter, McDonald's global same-store sales grew 0.4%, compared to the 0.91% decrease that Wall Street expected. Its US same-store sales were down 1.4% year over year, as an E. coli outbreak offset momentum in late October.
McDonald's international-owned stores saw positive same-store sales growth in the Middle East, which CFO Ian Borden attributed to the lapse of the impact of the Israeli conflict, plus growth in Japan and "encouraging signs of stabilization" in China.
Starbucks is still struggling to see a rebound in its international business. For itsQ1 results, total same-store sales was down 4% year over year. International same-store sales fell 4%, and China sales dropped 6%.
Starbucks is facing a stagnant domestic economy and fierce local competition in China. CEO Brian Niccol said he visited and saw firsthand "how dynamic the market is and the opportunities ahead."
Prior to Niccol joining,the team saidit was in the "very early stages" of exploring joint ventures and strategic partnerships in technology, real estate, and supply chain in the country.
For Yum China (YUMC), which separated from theUS operation back in 2016, fourth quarter same-store sales fell 1% for KFC and 2% for Pizza Hut. CEO Joey Wat called it a "challenging environment" with "value-minded consumers."
Domino's global retail sales grew 4.4% in its latest quarter. CFO Sandeep Reddy told investors, "As we look ahead to 2025, we continue to believe that global retail sales growth should be generally in line with 2024."
International growth is a key component for fast food players, which have seen flagging foot traffic and appetite in the US as competition from fast casual players like Chipotle (CMG) ramp up.
McDonald's put forth aggressive growth plans at theend of 2023, including expanding to 50,000 global restaurants by 2027, the fastest pace of growth in its 68-year history. That same year, it agreed to buy back Carlyle's minority ownership stake in its China business for areported $1.8 billion.
By 2025, Starbucks said it wanted to have 9,000 stores in China. As of the last quarter, the US and China make up 61% of the company's portfolio, with 17,049 and 7,685 stores in the two countries, respectively.
Chipotle (CMG) is also expanding its footprint. In 2023, itannounceda development agreement to open restaurants in the Middle East and accelerate its international expansion efforts.
Yum! Brands' Taco Bell called international its "next growth engine" at its investor daylast month,with plans to increase international store count to more than 3,000 by 2030, from 1,153 in 2024.
But there could be a major speed bump ahead.
"If the governments in those countries start to view US brands more negatively, they can slow-roll their approval process. They can deny them in certain areas, make it much more difficult for US brands to grow," Saleh said.
He added that it's "hard to assess" when it'll be the case.
"There could be some ... call it guilt by association," Tematica Research chief investment officer Chris Versace told Yahoo Finance. "The appetite for certain US brands could be diminished as a result of what we're seeing play out on the global economic and trade front."
He added, "Take a look at what we're seeing with Elon Musk and Tesla, where people are ... openly protesting, people returning their Teslas." He posed the question, "Could we see something similar unfold with other well-known US brands in foreign markets?"
—
Brooke DiPalma is a senior reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @BrookeDiPalmaor email her at bdipalma@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for all of the latest retail stock news and events to better inform your investing strategy
McDonald's (MCD) concluded the recent trading session at $312.48, signifying a -1.14% move from its prior day's close.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Financial advisors assist you in achieving your financial goals.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.