Title: Bank Trading Desks Are Minting Money From Trump’s Tariff Chaos
Date: 2025-04-15 12:11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/83b1e20e-31a1-391d-b38f-71c1e13a3383/bank-trading-desks-are.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Goldman Sachs JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley all said a surge in trading revenue helped lift their profits in the first quarter and beat expectations. Bank trading desks have been collecting more fees from investors scrambling to reduce or dial up the risk in their portfolios on any new clue about how President Trump’s tariffs might ultimately play out. Combined, the three banks earned more than $12 billion in fees in their equities businesses, the desks that run stock-market related activities for clients. Net revenues for Q1 2025 reached $15.06bn, up 6% from $14.21bn in the same quarter of the prior year. After reporting better-than-expected first quarter results, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) highlighted in its earnings call that the bank navigated the market volatility with record equity revenue and warned about “material risks” to the U.S. and global economies amid the ongoing trade war. What Happened: Goldman Sachs navigated a quarter of “rapidly shifting sentiment” to deliver robust first-quarter 2025 results, highlighted by a record $4.2 billion in equities net revenue, according to it Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) reported on Tuesday that the first-quarter fiscal 2025 revenue growth was 3% year-over-year and was $21.6 billion, beating the analyst consensus of $21.29 billion. This growth was driven by each of the five interconnected businesses. Excluding divestiture-related impacts in both periods, revenues also went up 3%. The U.S. banking giant reported earnings per share of $1.96, increased from $1.58 a year ago, beating the consensus of $1.84. Also Read: JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, M The big — and unsettled — question is whether equities now are poised to rebound or decline further. In the most recent trading session, Booking Holdings (BKNG) closed at $4,556.84, indicating a -0.65% shift from the previous trading day. Citigroup reported a jump in profit and revenue in the first quarter of 2025 that beat analysts’ expectations, thanks in part to market volatility that generated higher fees for its trading business. JP Morgan and Houlihan Lokey have been identified as the leading financial advisers in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) for the first quarter of 2025, according to the latest financial advisers league table published by GlobalData. This ranking evaluates financial advisers based on the value and volume of M&A transactions they have facilitated. According to GlobalData’s… (Bloomberg) -- Strategists at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. cut their targets for key Chinese stock indexes for a second time this month, citing heightened trade tensions with the US.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage“US-China trade tensions have soared to Style Box ETF report for JPSE Companies In The Article Are:JPM,MS,WFC,BK Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.