Microsoft swaps law firms in shareholder case, hiring Trump adversary
2025-05-01 21-07
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-swaps-law-firms-shareholder-210745213.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Mike Scarcella and Tom Hals
(Reuters) -Microsoft is switching the law firm representing it in a shareholder case, replacing one that settled with the Trump administration to avoid a punishing executive order with one that is fighting the White House.
Court documents showed Microsoft has hired Jenner & Block to replace Simpson Thacher in a Delaware Chancery Court lawsuit over its $69 billion purchase of Activision Blizzard. The filings did not give a reason.
Microsoft, without elaborating, said in a statement to Reuters that Simpson Thacher continues to represent it on other matters. Companies can have many reasons for switching legal teams, including to save money or avoid attorney-client conflicts.
Simpson Thacher did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Jenner & Block, which has done prior work for Microsoft, declined to comment.
Jenner and three other firms are suing President Donald Trump's administration over his executive orders that stripped their security clearances, restricted their access to government buildings and sought to cancel federal contracts held by their clients.
Wall Street firm Simpson Thacher is among nine firms that have collectively pledged nearly $1 billion in free legal services to the White House since Trump launched his pressure campaign on firms that he accused of "weaponizing" the legal system against him.
The New York Times first reported Microsoft's change in counsel.
Jenner's lawsuit against the Trump administration called the executive order an “unconstitutional abuse of power” that sought to drive away its clients.
It said the order was retribution for its past employment of a prosecutor involved in the U.S. special counsel probe into Russian contacts with Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.
A former top lawyer at Microsoft and dozens of other current and former general counsels at major U.S. companies said in an April 11 court brief backing Jenner and other firms that Trump's orders force companies "to choose counsel to avoid the President’s retribution rather than based on independent business judgment, experience, skill, or expertise."
Simpson Thacher represented Microsoft in its acquisition of Activision Blizzard, maker of the popular video game “Call of Duty.” The deal, announced in 2022, was the largest ever in the gaming industry.
The lawsuit in Delaware claimed Activision improperly approved a draft merger agreement and not the final version. Microsoft in 2024 asked a judge to validate the acquisition and deny a $15 million fee request from lawyers who represented an Activision shareholder.
(Reporting by Mike Scarcella; Editing by David Bario and Cynthia Osterman)
Financial advisor, certified financial planner (CFP) and author of "Women and Wealth," Cary Carbonaro is passionate about educating and empowering women to achieve financial freedom. While the...
As Americans continue to struggle with inflation, many are now fearful of a recession. According to a recent Harris Poll conducted on behalf of Intuit Credit Karma, 57% think the news reports of an...
DaVita HealthCare (DVA) closed at $140.44 in the latest trading session, marking a -0.78% move from the prior day.
In the most recent trading session, Emerson Electric (EMR) closed at $105.81, indicating a +0.67% shift from the previous trading day.
HOUSTON (Reuters) -A vessel chartered by Chevron carrying some 300,000 barrels of Venezuelan oil was set to start discharging at a Venezuelan port on Thursday, according to shipping data and a source.  It would be the last tanker to return its cargo following state company PDVSA's order to return the crude amid payment uncertainty related to U.S. sanctions.  The Marshall Islands-flagged vessel, Dubai Attraction, on Thursday entered a berth in Amuay terminal, Venezuela, to start discharging the cargo it originally intended to export, LSEG shipping data showed.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.