Goldman Sachs Raises Price Target on MSFT
2025-05-02 03-26
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-raises-price-target-032629367.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
After Microsoft (MSFT) reported better-than-expected fiscal third-quarter results, Goldman Sachs increased its price target on the shares to $480 from $450 while keeping a Buy rating on the name. The investment bank is bullish on MSFT's AI business.
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
MSFT's Azure Is Getting a Lift From AI 
As AI expands, more data is being moved to the cloud, lifting Azure's revenue, according to Goldman. The investment bank noted that Azure's revenue jumped 35% versus the same period a year earlier, excluding currency fluctuations.
Goldman expects Azure to continue to grow its AI revenue rapidly during the current quarter, and it thinks the unit can also get a lift from boosts in "non-AI workloads."
Other Positive Metrics
The number of users of Microsoft's Copilot tripled last quarter versus the same period a year earlier, while more than 230,000 enterprises are utilizing Copilot Studio, the firm's AI-powered graphical development tool.
Goldman estimates that MSFT's free cash flow can rise 3% during the current fiscal year, while its earnings per share can jump 17%.
The Recent Price Action of MSFT
In the last month, MSFT has jumped 15%, while the stock has added 3.5% in the last three months.
While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey
(Reuters) -Reddit forecast second-quarter revenue above Wall Street estimates on Thursday, betting on growing digital advertising spend on the social media platform despite uncertainty over marketing budgets.  The company's shares, which rose as much as 20% in extended trading, pared gains to trade up 7%, after CEO Steve Huffman said on a post-earning call that the company expects some disruption for daily active users from Google search.  "We do expect some bumps along the way from Google, because we've already seen a few this year," Huffman said, adding that the search ecosystem was undergoing significant changes, which could prompt frequent near-term disruptions.
Low-income consumers already have been visiting the company's restaurants less, executives said Thursday, adding that traffic from both customer groups is down by nearly double digits.
Andy Jassy said in a Q2 earnings call that Amazon had encouraged sellers to pull forward goods so they could have inventory on hand in the U.S.
The Swedish audio streaming giant said in a letter to Apple that it planned to make changes to its U.S. app in accordance with the court's ruling on Wednesday, which said the iPhone maker must not levy its new commission on off-app purchases.  Apple did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.  U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers in Oakland said in an 80-page ruling that Apple failed to comply with her prior injunction order, which was imposed in an antitrust lawsuit brought by "Fortnite" maker Epic Games.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
(Bloomberg) -- Key House Republicans on Thursday discussed ways to direct an expanded state and local tax deduction to those making less than $400,000 as they seek to balance the cost of the tax break with the political needs of several lawmakers from New York and other high-tax states. Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNY
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...