Why Meta and Microsoft are drawing investors back to Big Tech
2025-05-01 20-12
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/why-meta-microsoft-drawing-investors-201213888.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta (META) and Microsoft (MSFT) have issued forecasts that are reigniting interest in large-cap tech. Melissa Brown, SimCorp managing director of investment decision research, explains how size and resilience may help these companies navigate uncertainty.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.
Well, we've had a couple of companies, rather large ones that have come out with some forecasts, right? I'm talking about Meta and Microsoft in particular, um, do you think in this environment that um investors should be taking a renewed look at large cap technology, um, given that, you know, maybe they will be less exposed, or do you even see them as less exposed to what's going on?
I I think certainly, um, the fact that they're big, that they're probably more resilient, you know, if, you know, we do see a resurgence and inflation, for example. Um, they may be able to to navigate that a little bit better. Um, I think we've already seen, you know, investors coming back to some of these these bigger tech names. But, you know, on the flip side of that, going back to the valuation question, they're also more richly valued than most other stocks in the market, um, which makes, uh, makes that a a still a tough decision. Uh, are investors already projecting that they are going to be the earnings winners for the rest of the year, and that's already reflected in stock prices.
Quarterly revenue at Microsoft’s cloud-computing business jumps 21%, Eli Lilly reduces 2025 guidance, and Meta Platforms boosts its capital spending plans largely on AI investments. Meanwhile, a federal judge finds Apple violated an antitrust ruling. The iPhone maker is scheduled to report quarterly earnings later Thursday.
US benchmark equity indexes advanced Thursday as a post-earnings rally in Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta
(Reuters) -Microsoft is switching the law firm representing it in a shareholder case, replacing one that settled with the Trump administration to avoid a punishing executive order with one that is fighting the White House.  Court documents showed Microsoft has hired Jenner & Block to replace Simpson Thacher in a Delaware Chancery Court lawsuit over its $69 billion purchase of Activision Blizzard.  Microsoft, without elaborating, said in a statement to Reuters that Simpson Thacher continues to represent it on other matters.
Apple's overall sales gained 5% to $95.4 billion, ahead of estimates, but sales from China declined 2.3% to $16 billion in the fiscal second quarter, missing analyst estimates. Caroline Hyde reports on "Bloomberg The Close."
Big Tech is coming to Wall Street’s rescue, for now. But the Magnificent Seven aren’t cheap. Look for better bargains elsewhere.
The stock market today ignored signs of a weaker U.S. labor market as the Nasdaq led a rally on tech earnings. Aerospace stocks also rose.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
With President-elect Donald Trump’s historic and unprecedented win in the 2024 presidential election, it’s safe to say America will undergo a number of significant policy changes when his term begins in 2025. One issue that seems to be of high concern to many voters? Grocery prices, and the inflation that drives them.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.