Stock Market Today_ Nasdaq Surges As Meta, Microsoft Recover Lost Ground; These Two Leading Growth S
2025-05-01 20-40
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/aab288fb-2fb5-380b-8f0f-b92712b19da8/stock-market-today%3A-nasdaq.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The stock market today ignored signs of a weaker U.S. labor market as the Nasdaq led a rally on tech earnings. Aerospace stocks also rose.
Strong earnings from big technology firms and easing trade tensions fueled a rally in stocks, lifting the Nasdaq Composite to levels last reached before President Trump’s tariff announcement touched off a roller-coaster April.  The tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 1.5%, up 0.6% from its April 2 close.  The S&P 500, which added 0.6% on Thursday, ended 1.2% shy of where it settled before Trump’s barrage of tariffs were unleashed from the White House Rose Garden.
US benchmark equity indexes advanced Thursday as a post-earnings rally in Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta
LONDON (Reuters) -Unable to predict the impact of U.S. President Donald Trump's ever-changing trade war, Stellantis and Mercedes-Benz became the latest automakers on Wednesday to scrap their profit guidance citing market uncertainty wrought by tariffs.  Volkswagen issued guidance at the bottom end of its forecast, but UBS analyst Patrick Hummel wrote in a client note that the German group's outlook did not "include any impact of U.S. tariffs," calling it "essentially a withdrawal of guidance".
Wayfair (W) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 155.56% and 0.70%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Although the revenue and EPS for Idexx (IDXX) give a sense of how its business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it might be worth considering how some key metrics compare with Wall Street estimates and the year-ago numbers.
Atlassian earnings topped Wall Street estimates. June quarter revenue guidance for Atlassian stock came in below expectations.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.