These 3 Stocks Soared Following Strong Quarterly Results
2025-05-01 20-49
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3-stocks-soared-following-strong-204900972.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The 2025 Q1 earnings cycle is in full swing, with many companies on the docket to reveal quarterly results in the coming weeks.
Guidance is a key factor in this cycle, more so than we’ve seen in recent periods due to the overall level of uncertainty brought about by recent tariff announcements and other economic developments.
So far, several companies, including Boston Scientific BSX, Meta Platforms META, and Microsoft MSFT, have all delivered positive results, with each seeing a bullish share reaction post-earnings. Let’s take a closer look at the positivity.
Boston Scientific exceeded both top and bottom line expectations handily, delivering a strong 12% EPS beat alongside sales that were 2.3% ahead of expectations. Upgraded current-year guidance has provided a notably bullish outlook, with the stock also now sporting a coveted Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).
Analysts have adjusted their current year sales and EPS expectations accordingly following the favorable print, with BSX expected to see 16% EPS growth on 17% higher sales. The stock sports a Style Score of ‘B’ for Value.
Below is the current fiscal year EPS revisions trend.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Below is the current fiscal year sales revisions trend.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Strong segment performance has aided the company’s bright outlook, leading to the above-mentioned guidance upgrade in an overall uncertain environment.
Meta Platforms continued to fire on all cylinders throughout its latest period, again exceeding our consensus EPS and sales expectations handily and posting strong growth. Sales grew an impressive 16% year-over-year thanks to strong Advertising results, which totaled a solid $41.3 billion.
Below is a chart illustrating META’s Ad revenue on a quarterly basis.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Notably, the company’s average price per ad climbed 10% year-over-year, with its family daily active people (DAP) also seeing a 6% move higher year-over-year. The company’s user base growth has continued to be outstanding, providing many clear benefits.
Concerning headline figures in Microsoft’s release, EPS of $3.46 and sales of $70.0 billion both handily exceeded our consensus expectations, continuing its recent streak of better-than-expected results. Sales grew an impressive 13% year-over-year, whereas EPS climbed 18%.
Unsurprisingly, Microsoft Cloud and AI strength drove the strong results, with Microsoft Cloud revenue soaring 20% year-over-year to $42.4 billion. Demand has remained strong for the tech titan, with commentary alluding to the trend remaining for years to come.
Importantly, its Intelligent Cloud (includes Azure) revenue totaled a strong $26.8 billion, up 21% from the year-ago period. The Intelligent Cloud results snapped a small streak of misses on the metric, as shown below.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Bottom Line
The 2025 Q1 cycle continues to roll along, with all three stocks above – Boston Scientific BSX, Meta Platforms META, and Microsoft MSFT – seeing a nice move higher following their respective quarterly releases.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as […]
(Reuters) -Microsoft is switching the law firm representing it in a shareholder case, replacing one that settled with the Trump administration to avoid a punishing executive order with one that is fighting the White House.  Court documents showed Microsoft has hired Jenner & Block to replace Simpson Thacher in a Delaware Chancery Court lawsuit over its $69 billion purchase of Activision Blizzard.  Microsoft, without elaborating, said in a statement to Reuters that Simpson Thacher continues to represent it on other matters.
As Americans continue to struggle with inflation, many are now fearful of a recession. According to a recent Harris Poll conducted on behalf of Intuit Credit Karma, 57% think the news reports of an...
Financial advisor, certified financial planner (CFP) and author of "Women and Wealth," Cary Carbonaro is passionate about educating and empowering women to achieve financial freedom. While the...
In the most recent trading session, Emerson Electric (EMR) closed at $105.81, indicating a +0.67% shift from the previous trading day.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.