Equities Advance as Microsoft, Meta Results Help Ease Economic Worries
2025-05-01 20-58
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/equities-advance-microsoft-meta-results-205807271.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
US benchmark equity indexes advanced Thursday as a post-earnings rally in Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta
The Zacks Earnings ESP is a great way to find potential earnings surprises. Why investors should take advantage now.
We recently published a list of the 15 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for the Next 3 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where MercadoLibre Inc. (NASDAQ:MELI) stands against other growth stocks to buy for the next 3 years. On April 29, Dan Ives of Wedbush Securities joined ‘Power […]
The stock market today ignored signs of a weaker U.S. labor market as the Nasdaq led a rally on tech earnings. Aerospace stocks also rose.
Microsoft stock soared on Thursday after the tech giant’s quarterly results handily beat Wall Street estimates.
FRAF delivers strong Q1 results, with higher margins, rising fees and loan growth as leadership transition ushers in a new strategic phase.
Both bitcoin and the Nasdaq are above their levels just prior to President Trump's early April tariff announcements.
The company is harnessing artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance its offerings.  IT services and consulting company Cognizant Technology Solutions (NASDAQ: CTSH) enjoyed a buoyant Thursday on the stock market.  For its first quarter, Cognizant's revenue totaled almost $5.12 billion, representing a 7.5% gain over the same period of 2024.
The clouds of trade-related economic uncertainty are dark and heavy, but world markets were bathed in sunny optimism on Thursday as upbeat Microsoft and Meta earnings suggested there may be life in the U.S. 'Big Tech' trade yet.  Meanwhile, debate continues to swirl on the fallout from the record hit to U.S. GDP from trade in the first quarter.  US wants to start tariff talks with China, state mediasays  2.
The latest trading day saw Salesforce.com (CRM) settling at $269.33, representing a +0.23% change from its previous close.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...