Dow Jones Futures Rise As China Says It's 'Evaluating' U.S. Trade Talks. Amazon, Apple Fall On Earni
2025-05-02 02-25
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/031f22c8-d478-31d0-b382-1f21fa27d913/dow-jones-futures-rise-as.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
Big Tech is coming to Wall Street’s rescue, for now. But the Magnificent Seven aren’t cheap. Look for better bargains elsewhere.
The iPhone maker sought to ease investors’ tariff fears after reporting a 5% increase in the company’s quarterly sales.
Andy Jassy said in a Q2 earnings call that Amazon had encouraged sellers to pull forward goods so they could have inventory on hand in the U.S.
BEIJING (Reuters) -The United States has approached China to seek talks over President Donald Trump's 145% tariffs and Beijing's door is open for discussions, China's Commerce Ministry said on Friday, signalling a potential de-escalation in the trade war.  The U.S. should be prepared to take action in correcting "erroneous" practices and cancel unilateral tariffs, the commerce ministry said in a statement, adding that Washington needs to show "sincerity" in negotiations.
Investors will be looking to see whether the company goes the way of UnitedHealth Group on the one hand, or CVS Health on the other.
The Swedish audio streaming giant said in a letter to Apple that it planned to make changes to its U.S. app in accordance with the court's ruling on Wednesday, which said the iPhone maker must not levy its new commission on off-app purchases.  Apple did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.  U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers in Oakland said in an 80-page ruling that Apple failed to comply with her prior injunction order, which was imposed in an antitrust lawsuit brought by "Fortnite" maker Epic Games.
The Nasdaq has continued to rebound and drift higher after the market received favorable quarterly results and guidance from Meta Platforms (META) and Microsoft (MSFT).
Amazon reported its first quarter earnings after the bell on Thursday.
Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to ServiceNow (NOW). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.