What AI Slowdown_ Nvidia Rallies As Meta, Microsoft Boost Data Center Spending.
2025-05-01 20-06
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/222725bd-e3f0-3c35-a552-2b6d2e77e29c/what-ai-slowdown%3F-nvidia.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta Platforms and Microsoft aren't slowing their spending on AI data centers, defying skeptics who have predicted a pullback.
Use the IBD Stock Screener to quickly filter through thousands of companies to find stocks that meet your criteria.
This AI chip stock has pulled back in 2025 despite its impressive growth.  Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) investors are having a forgettable year so far as shares of the chipmaker have pulled back by more than 20% in 2025 as of this writing.  It is worth noting that AMD's financial performance has been picking up momentum in recent quarters, thanks to its data center and client processor businesses.
Apple is neck and neck with Microsoft for the title of largest U.S. company by market capitalization.  Apple currently has a market cap of $3.193 trillion based on today's intraday trading, according to Dow Jones Market Data.  Nvidia is third on the list, with a market cap of $2.778 trillion.
Nvidia stock jumped and retook its 50-day moving average on Thursday.  Does that mean Nvidia stock is a buy  now?  Late Wednesday, Magnificent Seven leaders Meta and Microsoft reported quarterly results that beat estimates.
That’s because the overall growth picture at Microsoft and Meta signals more spending on data-center products and software ahead.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.