Amazon's Profit Forecast Misses Estimates
2025-05-01 20-39
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/amazons-profit-forecast-misses-estimates-203958467.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Amazon.com Inc. gave a weaker-than-expected forecast for operating profit in the current quarter, citing tariffs and trade policies that may cause consumers to pull back on spending. Scott Devitt of Wedbush Securities reacts to the earnings report on "Bloomberg The Close."
Apple faces the prospect of paying almost $1bn in extra costs thanks to Donald Trump’s trade war, its boss has said.
Apple's gross profit margin was slightly disappointing in its second-quarter report. Overall, Wall Street analysts expected a 47.3% gross margin; Apple delivered 47.1%. This was driven by product gross margin of 35.
🔎 After-Hours Earnings: Amazon.com (AMZN) shares fell about 4% despite the tech giant posting strong results. Apple (AAPL) stock slipped 1.4% after its earnings release. Earlier, a judge ruled the iPhone maker violated an antitrust ruling related to App Store restrictions.
Shares of Amgen have rallied at the start of 2025 despite the broader stock market sell-off.  Reliable dividend income from high-quality companies is a great option for investors seeking to ride out stock market turbulence.  Biotech giant Amgen (NASDAQ: AMGN) exemplifies this strategy with its 3.3% dividend yield, supported by steady growth and rock-solid fundamentals.
Amazon stock slid on mixed Q2 guidance amid concerns about how tariffs will impact the tech giant's e-commerce business.
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the growing amount […]
Amazon posted higher first-quarter profit and sales that beat analysts' projections, underscoring the online behemoth's hold on shoppers looking for low prices and a wide selection in an uncertain economy.  The Seattle-based company also reported strong sales growth for its prominent cloud computing arm Amazon Web Services, it said after the market closed Thursday.  Amazon, along with many large retailers and suppliers, have tried to beat the clock by bringing in foreign goods before Trump’s tariffs took effect.
(Reuters) -Microsoft is switching the law firm representing it in a shareholder case, replacing one that settled with the Trump administration to avoid a punishing executive order with one that is fighting the White House.  Court documents showed Microsoft has hired Jenner & Block to replace Simpson Thacher in a Delaware Chancery Court lawsuit over its $69 billion purchase of Activision Blizzard.  Microsoft, without elaborating, said in a statement to Reuters that Simpson Thacher continues to represent it on other matters.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.