The Nasdaq soars as Big Tech earnings have stocks shrugging off recession alarms
2025-05-01 20-25
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-shrug-off-recession-alarms-122300844.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Tech stocks roared on Thursday, lifting the Nasdaq 1.2%, with the S&P 500 rising 0.6% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 83 points by market close.
Amazon’s after-the-bell earnings release showed a handy beat of analyst estimates as the e-commerce giant posted earnings of $1.59 per share, smashing Street estimates of $1.37. Net sales grew 9% to $155.7 billion and AWS segment sales grew 17% to $29.3 billion. Whether Wall Street loves the results is still up in the air, however, with Amazon stock slipping 2% after hours. Perhaps Microsoft’s cloud and AI-related growth set the bar too high.
Earlier on Thursday, Mastercard (MA) reported a solid first quarter, with net revenue climbing 14% year-over-year to $7.3 billion, or 17% on a currency-neutral basis, and adjusted earnings per share rising 13% to $3.73.
Growth was driven by strong cross-border volume, which climbed 15%, and gross dollar volume and switched transactions, both up 9%. CEO Michael Miebach highlighted strategic partnerships with Microsoft and OpenAI, calling the company’s business model “diversified and resilient” despite macro uncertainty.
In addition to Amazon results after the bell, investor were also waiting for results from Apple and Airbnb (ABNB).
U.S. markets rose Thursday morning, lifted by blockbuster earnings from Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta (META) that seemed strong enough to overshadow Wednesday’s unexpected GDP contraction. With Big Tech’s collective market cap nearing $10 trillion, investor sentiment looked ready to ride the rally — if Amazon (AMZN) and Apple (AAPL) can stick the landing after Thursday’s close.
Unsurprisingly, the Nasdaq was leading the charge, up 1.8%. The S&P was up under 0.8%, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average rising 0.3%.
Delivering their latest quarterlies after Wednesday’s bell, Microsoft and Meta both crushed expectations. Microsoft’s Azure cloud revenue surged 33% year-over-year, driving an 18% jump in earnings per share. Meta posted a staggering 89% profit increase on 27% revenue growth.
Microsoft stock was up 9% before the bell Thursday. Shares of Meta added more than 6%.
The underlying strength of both reports has markets betting that Amazon, as another “hyperscaler” helping bigwig enterprise customers get in on the AI revolution, will keep the momentum going. Apple, with its different mix of exposure to consumer spending, tariffs, and trade winds, was down about 1.5%.
Microsoft’s quarter drew gushing praise from analysts both on and off the earnings call, with Wedbush calling it “an Aaron Judge-like performance” (referring to the New York Yankees slugger). Azure beat both the Street and internal targets, with AI workloads accounting for nearly half the cloud platform’s growth.
The company reaffirmed its $80 billion FY25 capital expenditures forecast and said infrastructure investments will continue to rise in FY26 — putting to rest speculation about data center cutbacks. Wedbush raised its price target from $475 to $515.
Meta stock jumped after hours as the company reported EPS of $6.43 on revenue of $42.3 billion, beating estimates on both the top and bottom lines. “While many companies have held back guidance amid tariff uncertainty, META did — a bullish sign,” Zacks strategist Andrew Rocco said. The company’s Q2 revenue forecast of $42.5 to $45.5 billion topped Street estimates, and planned 2025 capital expenditures of $64-$72 billion suggest Meta is betting big on sustained AI demand.
Even after the Senate narrowly rejected a bipartisan push to block Trump’s new tariffs, trade tensions remain unresolved. U.S. Trade Representative Sarah Bianchi Greer said there are “no official talks yet” with China — though smaller deals with other nations may materialize in the coming weeks.
The continuing ambiguity continues to haunt earnings calls and cloud forward guidance, and both Amazon and Apple will likely have to mention the elephant as they report later today.
McDonald’s missed earnings expectations as global sales fell, revenue declined, and U.S. same-store sales lagged, with the company pointing to wary consumers and geopolitical headwinds. Harley-Davidson (HOG), meanwhile, pulled its full-year guidance altogether after international sales tumbled — citing the growing weight of global trade uncertainty.
These warnings reinforce that tariff fears aren’t just weighing on Wall Street — they’re reshaping strategy in C-suites across America.
And it’s not just large caps like McDonald’s feeling the strain. The Russell 2000, a barometer of small-cap performance, is down 13.5% so far this year — by far the hardest hit of the four major indexes. It’s a reminder that smaller companies, lacking the pricing power and global leverage of Big Tech, may be the sheer most vulnerable.
A Wall Street Journal report suggesting Tesla’s (TSLA) board began looking to replace Elon Musk “about a month ago” was later denied by the board. Musk recently announced he’d been spending more time on Tesla, however.
Tesla stock closed down slightly.
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Trading volume on the Nasdaq exchange was huge on Tuesday.  It was the third highest volume in its history with over 13 billion shares exchanging hands.  For some perspective, that was a level the stock market reached on April 9 when President Donald Trump put a pause on tariffs and the Nasdaq composite soared more than 12%.
(Reuters) -Tesla's board on Thursday rushed to defend its chief executive, Elon Musk, assuring he had the board's confidence amid rising investor worries about his prolonged absences, polarizing politics and the EV maker's plunging sales and profit.  The board reacted after a Wall Street Journal report that it had considered replacing Musk, which board chair Robyn Denholm denied.  Denholm herself has taken heat for her high compensation and perceived failures to hold Musk accountable to shareholders.
The company owns a massive portfolio of high-quality real estate.  Realty Income has a 5.6% dividend yield and a great track record of total returns.  The conglomerate is designed to perform well no matter what the economy is doing, and its diverse collection of stocks and subsidiaries essentially makes it a broad investment portfolio in a single stock.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.