Why CoreWeave, Inc. (CRWV) Soared On Thursday
2025-05-02 00-12
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-coreweave-inc-crwv-soared-001206970.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) stands against other top performers on Thursday.
The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as investor sentiment was bolstered by a flurry of corporate earnings supported by better-than-expected performance from the technology giants.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq led the rally among all major indices, finishing up 1.52 percent. The S&P 500 clocked in a 0.63-percent gain, while the Dow Jones was up by 0.21 percent.
Ten companies also mimicked the broader market optimism following impressive earnings performance and an optimistic outlook for the rest of the year.
In this article, we have identified the 10 top performers on Thursday and detailed the reasons behind their gains.
To come up with the list, we considered only the stocks with a $2-billion market capitalization and $5-million trading volume.
Copyright: hywards / 123RF Stock Photo
CoreWeave Inc. saw its stock prices increase by 7.31 percent on Thursday to finish at $44.32 apiece as investors snapped up shares following Microsoft Corporation’s (NASDAQ:MSFT) better-than-expected cloud sales and reiterated spending plans.
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is CoreWeave, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:CRWV) largest revenue-generating client, which, last year, accounted for 62 percent of its total revenues.
In its latest earnings release, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) reiterated plans to raise capital expenditures in the new fiscal year, albeit at a slower rate. The announcement spelled good news for CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) on expectations that any budget increase could spill over into its contracts with MSFT.
Additionally, CRWV’s other client, Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META), also raised its 2025 capital spending forecast to between $64 billion and $72CRWVlion.
Overall, CRWV ranks 7th on our list of top performers on Thursday. While we acknowledge the potential of CRWV as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CRWV but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of 11 Best Performing Cybersecurity Stocks So Far in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWD) stands against other best performing cybersecurity stocks so far in 2025. While the Trump administration’s shifting tariff policy, which includes the announcement of steep […]
Applied Digital stock is surging today after Microsoft and Meta Platforms published strong quarterly results.  Microsoft and Meta's capital expenditures updates suggests that both tech giants are continuing to make big investments in AI processing.  High levels of AI infrastructure spending are a positive demand indicator for Applied Digital, but the company is coming off of a quarterly report that raised big questions.
Microsoft stock soared on Thursday after the tech giant’s quarterly results handily beat Wall Street estimates.
Atlassian beat top- and bottom-line estimates, posting 14% revenue growth and 9% earnings-per-share growth.  Guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter was a little light relative to expectations, leaving the stock under pressure in after-market trading.  Atlassian's shift toward cloud revenue appears to be working, though the company is forecasting a slowdown in cloud revenue growth in the current quarter.
Google on Thursday said US users can now access its AI Mode option via its Labs service.
Lineage Inc. had revenue of $1.29 billion and earnings per share of 86 cents in the first quarter. The post Lineage says tariffs hit Q1 revenue, announces $1B deal with Tyson Foods appeared first on FreightWaves.
The Nasdaq has continued to rebound and drift higher after the market received favorable quarterly results and guidance from Meta Platforms (META) and Microsoft (MSFT).
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says AI Data Centers Have Potential & Discusses These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented […]
AppLovin will report financial results on May 7 and the report could either confirm fears or lay them to rest.  For example, AppLovin (NASDAQ: APP) stock is down more than 40% from highs in 2025, which paints a negative picture.  On May 7, AppLovin is scheduled to report financial results for the first quarter of 2025.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.