Why the AI Trade May Not Save the Market From Trump’s Tariffs for Long
2025-05-01 21-51
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/baf12b30-5e78-3079-91bd-3abd10d4b95f/why-the-ai-trade-may-not-save.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Big Tech is coming to Wall Street’s rescue, for now. But the Magnificent Seven aren’t cheap. Look for better bargains elsewhere.
After three years of consistent growth, the U.S. economy may have stalled.
The Nasdaq has continued to rebound and drift higher after the market received favorable quarterly results and guidance from Meta Platforms (META) and Microsoft (MSFT).
Strong Q1 earnings from Meta and Microsoft sparked an AI rally that boosted the tech-heavy index past its level on April 2, the day tariffs were revealed.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Juniper (JNPR) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Bitcoin surged to record highs following Donald Trump's November 2024 presidential election victory, propelling the shares of Strategy to an all-time high, which contributed to earning it a spot in the Nasdaq 100 index in December.  However, a wave of sweeping tariffs announced by Trump has since unsettled global markets, dampening risk appetite and potentially triggering investors to pull away from the crypto markets.  Michael Saylor's Strategy, formerly MicroStrategy, reported a quarterly loss of $5.91 billion from its digital assets due to a quarter-end bitcoin price of $82,445.
Markets have staged a major rebound since President Trump’s trade war sent stocks reeling in early April.  The S&P 500 closed higher for a sixth consecutive session on Tuesday, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite is now up for the month.  It is a remarkable comeback from just three weeks ago, when plummeting stock and bond prices triggered a 90-day pause on many planned tariffs.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Investors were left with little clarity on Wednesday about the health of the U.S. economy despite a fresh report on gross domestic product, with the fallout from President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs muddying growth signals.  On its face, the first-quarter data showing the first U.S. economic contraction since 2022 was alarming and brought immediate pressure on U.S. stocks.  The weakness stemmed from a surge in imports as businesses sought to avoid higher costs from the new tariffs, a phenomenon that many analysts said was poised to reverse in coming months.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) -Apple on Thursday trimmed its share buyback program by $10 billion, with CEO Tim Cook telling analysts that tariffs could add about $900 million in costs this quarter as the iPhone maker shifts its vast supply chain to minimize the impact of President Donald Trump's trade war.  Cook also said Apple's planned $500 billion in spending to expand its U.S. footprint would involve both capital outlays and increased operational expenses as it builds out server and chip factories with its manufacturing partners.  In addition, he outlined how Apple has started to build up a stockpile of products so that the majority of its devices sold in the U.S. this quarter will not come from China.
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.