These Stocks Moved the Most Today_ Microsoft, Eli Lilly, Kohl’s, Apple, Tesla, Meta, Qualcomm, CVS, 
2025-05-01 20-24
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/c3f2649b-8568-38ad-afeb-f5757ba64558/these-stocks-moved-the-most.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Quarterly revenue at Microsoft’s cloud-computing business jumps 21%, Eli Lilly reduces 2025 guidance, and Meta Platforms boosts its capital spending plans largely on AI investments. Meanwhile, a federal judge finds Apple violated an antitrust ruling. The iPhone maker is scheduled to report quarterly earnings later Thursday.
Qualcomm shares tumbled Thursday morning after the mobile chip designer issued a light outlook that overshadowed better-than-expected quarterly results. Monitor these major chart levels.
Qualcomm  beat earnings forecasts but gave a slightly disappointing outlook for its current quarter.  “As we navigate the current macroeconomic and trade environment, we remain focused on the critical factors we can control—our leading technology roadmap, best-in-class product portfolio, strong customer relationships and operational efficiencies,” Qualcomm CEO Cristiano Amon said in the release.  There was some optimism heading into Qualcomm’s earnings.
Apple announced an increase to its dividend when reporting second-quarter earnings on Thursday.  Shares were down 2.3% in after-hours trading as Wall Street digested disappointing revenue in the latest quarter from China and Apple's services segment.
Although the revenue and EPS for Lumen (LUMN) give a sense of how its business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it might be worth considering how some key metrics compare with Wall Street estimates and the year-ago numbers.
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
Meme stocks like AMC Entertainment and GameStop get their price spikes from exceptional but sporadic buying interest.  AMC will report its first-quarter results on May 7.  Despite losses in the recent eight quarters, analysts were bullish after AMC released its fourth-quarter results on Feb. 25.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.