Why Meta and Microsoft are drawing investors back to Big Tech
2025-05-01 20-12
https://finance.yahoo.com/video/why-meta-microsoft-drawing-investors-201213888.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Meta (META) and Microsoft (MSFT) have issued forecasts that are reigniting interest in large-cap tech. Melissa Brown, SimCorp managing director of investment decision research, explains how size and resilience may help these companies navigate uncertainty.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.
Well, we've had a couple of companies, rather large ones that have come out with some forecasts, right? I'm talking about Meta and Microsoft in particular, um, do you think in this environment that um investors should be taking a renewed look at large cap technology, um, given that, you know, maybe they will be less exposed, or do you even see them as less exposed to what's going on?
I I think certainly, um, the fact that they're big, that they're probably more resilient, you know, if, you know, we do see a resurgence and inflation, for example. Um, they may be able to to navigate that a little bit better. Um, I think we've already seen, you know, investors coming back to some of these these bigger tech names. But, you know, on the flip side of that, going back to the valuation question, they're also more richly valued than most other stocks in the market, um, which makes, uh, makes that a a still a tough decision. Uh, are investors already projecting that they are going to be the earnings winners for the rest of the year, and that's already reflected in stock prices.
The stock market today ignored signs of a weaker U.S. labor market as the Nasdaq led a rally on tech earnings. Aerospace stocks also rose.
After cheering his election win last year, markets have had a cooler reaction to President Trump's first 100 days in office. Unless you're a gold bug.
Amazon.com Inc. gave a weaker-than-expected forecast for operating profit in the current quarter, citing tariffs and trade policies that may cause consumers to pull back on spending. Scott Devitt of Wedbush Securities reacts to the earnings report on "Bloomberg The Close."
The S&P 500 advanced 0.6% on Thursday, May 1, securing its eighth straight winning session as strong results from Microsoft and Meta helped boost tech stocks.
US benchmark equity indexes advanced Thursday as a post-earnings rally in Microsoft (MSFT) and Meta
The 2025 Q1 earnings cycle is in full swing. And these three companies posted results that had investors pleased.
Applied Digital stock is surging today after Microsoft and Meta Platforms published strong quarterly results.  Microsoft and Meta's capital expenditures updates suggests that both tech giants are continuing to make big investments in AI processing.  High levels of AI infrastructure spending are a positive demand indicator for Applied Digital, but the company is coming off of a quarterly report that raised big questions.
Microsoft stock soared on Thursday after the tech giant’s quarterly results handily beat Wall Street estimates.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top performers on Thursday. The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as […]
Apple's overall sales gained 5% to $95.4 billion, ahead of estimates, but sales from China declined 2.3% to $16 billion in the fiscal second quarter, missing analyst estimates. Caroline Hyde reports on "Bloomberg The Close."