Why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Soared On Thursday
2025-05-02 00-11
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-microsoft-corporation-msft-soared-001101684.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top performers on Thursday.
The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as investor sentiment was bolstered by a flurry of corporate earnings supported by better-than-expected performance from the technology giants.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq led the rally among all major indices, finishing up 1.52 percent. The S&P 500 clocked in a 0.63-percent gain, while the Dow Jones was up by 0.21 percent.
Ten companies also mimicked the broader market optimism following impressive earnings performance and an optimistic outlook for the rest of the year.
In this article, we have identified the 10 top performers on Thursday and detailed the reasons behind their gains.
To come up with the list, we considered only the stocks with a $2-billion market capitalization and $5-million trading volume.
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
Technology giant Microsoft Corporation extended its rally for a third consecutive day on Thursday, adding 7.63 percent to end at $425.4 apiece as investors gobbled up shares following better-than-expected earnings coupled with a higher capital allocation for the next year.
On Thursday, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) reported an 18-percent jump in its net income for the third quarter of fiscal year 2025, at $25.8 billion versus the $21.9 billion registered in the same period last year.
Revenues, on the other hand, rose by 2.4 percent to $70.07 billion from $68.42 billion year-on-year.
For the next fiscal year, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) CEO Satya Nadella said that the company will gun for a higher capital spending, albeit at a slower rate than the $80 billion budget for the current fiscal year.
Nadella said the 2025 total budget would be allocated for the construction of data centers that can handle artificial intelligence workloads.
Overall, MSFT ranks 5th on our list of top performers on Thursday. While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
The 2025 Q1 earnings cycle is in full swing. And these three companies posted results that had investors pleased.
Microsoft and Meta Platforms reported strong earnings last night and either reiterated or grew their capital spending plans.  As spending on AI grows, so will electricity demand.  Shares of nuclear power providers Constellation Energy (NASDAQ: CEG), Vistra Energy (NYSE: VST), and Oklo (NYSE: OKLO) were in rally mode on Thursday, up 8%, 5.8%, and 8.5%, respectively, as of 1:45 p.m. ET.
Mati Carbon, a climate-tech startup based in Houston, just walked away with $50 million in prize money from the Elon Musk-backed XPrize Carbon Removal competition. The company announced the win, highlighting it as a major step toward scaling its carbon removal efforts globally. The funding positions Mati at the forefront of a massive shift in how carbon is removed from the atmosphere by spreading pulverized rock on farmland. Don't Miss: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software
Amazon officials said on Thursday tariffs are creating uncertainty for global online retailers. The post Amazon beats earnings expectations, sees market uncertainty ahead appeared first on FreightWaves.
(Bloomberg) -- Gold was set for its first back-to-back weekly loss this year, as risk appetite returned to Wall Street on strong tech earnings and traders curbed their bets on US interest-rate cuts this year after factory activity data.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First
Atlassian beat top- and bottom-line estimates, posting 14% revenue growth and 9% earnings-per-share growth.  Guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter was a little light relative to expectations, leaving the stock under pressure in after-market trading.  Atlassian's shift toward cloud revenue appears to be working, though the company is forecasting a slowdown in cloud revenue growth in the current quarter.
Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) board member Joe Gebbia made waves with a $1 million insider stock purchase—the company's first insider buy in years—just ahead of a planned stock sale by Chairwoman Robyn Denholm. What Happened: Denholm has filed a new Form ...
The Nasdaq has continued to rebound and drift higher after the market received favorable quarterly results and guidance from Meta Platforms (META) and Microsoft (MSFT).
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.