Why CoreWeave, Inc. (CRWV) Soared On Thursday
2025-05-02 00-12
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-coreweave-inc-crwv-soared-001206970.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Lead Rally on Impressive Q1 Earnings, Optimistic Outlooks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) stands against other top performers on Thursday.
The stock market ended strong anew on Thursday, with all major indices finishing in the green territory, as investor sentiment was bolstered by a flurry of corporate earnings supported by better-than-expected performance from the technology giants.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq led the rally among all major indices, finishing up 1.52 percent. The S&P 500 clocked in a 0.63-percent gain, while the Dow Jones was up by 0.21 percent.
Ten companies also mimicked the broader market optimism following impressive earnings performance and an optimistic outlook for the rest of the year.
In this article, we have identified the 10 top performers on Thursday and detailed the reasons behind their gains.
To come up with the list, we considered only the stocks with a $2-billion market capitalization and $5-million trading volume.
Copyright: hywards / 123RF Stock Photo
CoreWeave Inc. saw its stock prices increase by 7.31 percent on Thursday to finish at $44.32 apiece as investors snapped up shares following Microsoft Corporation’s (NASDAQ:MSFT) better-than-expected cloud sales and reiterated spending plans.
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is CoreWeave, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:CRWV) largest revenue-generating client, which, last year, accounted for 62 percent of its total revenues.
In its latest earnings release, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) reiterated plans to raise capital expenditures in the new fiscal year, albeit at a slower rate. The announcement spelled good news for CoreWeave, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) on expectations that any budget increase could spill over into its contracts with MSFT.
Additionally, CRWV’s other client, Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META), also raised its 2025 capital spending forecast to between $64 billion and $72CRWVlion.
Overall, CRWV ranks 7th on our list of top performers on Thursday. While we acknowledge the potential of CRWV as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CRWV but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Viking Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VKTX) was one of the hottest biotech stocks of 2024; its shares soared last year following excellent clinical progress.  Should you steer clear of Viking Therapeutics?  The biotech industry can be volatile, especially for small- or mid-cap drugmakers that don't have a single product on the market, a description that fits Viking Therapeutics.
Biogen reports mixed first-quarter 2025 results. It also lowers its EPS guidance for the current year.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Cliff Asness’ 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other billionaire Cliff Asness’ stock picks with huge upside potential. Cliff Asness, the founder, managing principal, and chief investment officer of AQR Capital […]
Dow futures rose as China said it's "evaluating" U.S. trade talks. Apple, Amazon fell on earnings. Microsoft, Meta led Thursday's rally.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.