Title: Deckers vs. Nike: Which Shoe Stock Is the Better Buy Right Now?
Date: 2025-04-30 01:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/29/deckers-vs-nike-which-shoe-stock-is-the-better-buy/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Nike (NKE 3.22%) and Deckers Outdoor (DECK 5.24%) are two stocks that have been struggling this year. The former is down 24%, while the latter has nosedived a whopping 46%. These companies rely on discretionary spending, which means they can both be vulnerable to a slowdown in the economy this year, especially as tariffs add costs for consumers.
While neither of these stocks is a particularly safe buy right now, which one may be the better option for contrarian investors to consider for their portfolios?
Nike is the behemoth in the footwear industry and has the advantage of being the larger, much more recognizable company. But that hasn't been translating into better growth in recent years. Deckers has been growing by double digits for multiple quarters, while Nike is struggling to keep its top line from falling.
NKE Operating Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth) data by YCharts
Rather than focusing primarily on performance such as Nike, Deckers' brands cater to a more diverse customer market, which can work to its advantage and make it easier for its business to grow. And with its annual sales being close to one-tenth of Nike's ($5 billion versus around $50 billion), the scale of revenue it will need to generate to maintain a high growth rate will also not need to be as significant; being the smaller business can have its advantages.
Both stocks have seen their valuations come down sharply this year, and there was more of a gap between them in the past, but now they are hovering around similar price-to-earnings (P/E) multiples.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 889% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 2, 2025
Nike is trading at only a slightly higher valuation than Deckers, despite it commanding a much larger presence and possessing a much stronger brand.
Deckers is generating some excellent growth right now, and while it may face challenges due to tariffs and slowing economic conditions, its long-term trajectory still looks promising given the many different product lines it has and categories it's in, including boots, slippers, athletic, hiking, and lifestyle shoes.
Nike, meanwhile, is in the midst of a transition, one that looks to be both long and uncertain. While management may believe reconnecting with retailers and launching new innovations can help reinvigorate the brand, I fear the greater issue is affordability. In recent years, fast fashion has been rising in popularity, and with consumers prioritizing cheaper options, it may be difficult for Nike to remain competitive. It has a strong brand, but its products are also expensive, and I'm skeptical about whether it can get back to generating high growth numbers again.
Deckers has a better growth rate and is trading at a lower P/E ratio than Nike, without all of the problems and question marks that come with a turnaround strategy. At this stage, Deckers looks to be the safer shoe stock to own, despite its mammoth decline in value this year. While there is risk here, if you're willing to be patient, this could be a good long-term buy.
Before you buy Deckers Outdoor, you should know this:
The Motley Fool’s analysts are tracking a massive shift in U.S. tech. Over $1.5 trillion is already flowing into infrastructure, AI, and advanced manufacturing… and the number keeps climbing.
It’s all being driven by a short-term tariff pause that could expire any day. And while Deckers Outdoor might look like a smart move, we think the real winner is a company 1/100th the size of NVIDIA.
It builds the tech infrastructure that Apple, OpenAI, and others suddenly can’t live without. We just released a full write-up on this under-the-radar stock to all Stock Advisor members — and why now might be the exact moment to move.
David Jagielski has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Deckers Outdoor and Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/02/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.