Title: Nike, Adidas, footwear brands call on Trump for tariff exemptions
Date: 2025-05-02 21:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nike-adidas-footwear-brands-call-215500961.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Apparel brands Nike (NKE), Adidas (ADDYY), and Skechers (SKX) are among 76 footwear companies asking President Trump for tariff exemptions.
Market Domination hosts Josh Lipton and Julie Hyman discuss how these new tariffs could worsen the situation.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.
Footwear giants like Nike, Adidas, and Skechers are among 76 footwear brands that are asking President Donald Trump for a tariff exemption. The footwear distributors and retailers of America trade group sent a letter to the White House earlier this week, saying that quote, many orders have been placed on hold and footwear inventory for US consumers may soon run low. They're saying in the letter in particular that low-cost shoes that Americans rely on for their families would be at risk and that there are already existing tariffs on some of this footwear, and so the new tariffs are coming on top of that.
I thought it's interesting to what does Trump want? President wants more stuff made here. He wants more stuff manufactured here. And I thought it was interesting in the letter how they go right at that point. They say these tariffs will not drive shoe manufacturing back to the US. They talk about how it takes significant capital investment, it takes years of planning to shift sourcing, the new tariffs, in fact, they say remove the business certainty that is needed to make these types of investments and erase almost all the necessary capital. So they're directly addressing that point.
And and also they say there's also reciprocal tariff on the machinery and materials needed to make footwear in the US. So if you wanted to build a factory here, you're going to get tariffed on importing that stuff to to build the factory. So interesting, we'll see if he listens and as we heard Greg Docu say at the top of the show, um, you know, small businesses that, you know, so it'll be interesting if some of these large businesses get exemptions because small businesses don't have that lobbying power to try to push for this kind of thing. Yeah.
The average of price targets set by Wall Street analysts indicates a potential upside of 46% in Under Armour (UAA). While the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric is questionable, the positive trend in earnings estimate revisions might translate into an upside in the stock.
A US judge ordered Apple to immediately decrease its App Store fees and asked for criminal prosecutors to review the company's alleged 'cover-up,' jeopardizing billions in revenue for the tech giant.
We recently published a list of 10 Best NASDAQ Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best NASDAQ stocks to buy according to billionaires. The latest market data shows that the US economy contracted at an annualized rate […]
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio