Title: Footwear brands including Nike and Adidas ask Trump for tariff exemption
Date: 2025-05-02 21:14
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/footwear-brands-including-nike-adidas-211437420.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
(Reuters) -The Footwear Distributors & Retailers of America trade group (FDRA) urged U.S. President Donald Trump to exempt shoes from reciprocal tariffs in a letter signed by makers including Nike, Adidas America and Skechers.
The FDRA letter, dated April 29, was signed by 76 footwear companies such as Deckers Brands, Capri Holdings, Under Armour, and VF Corp.
The trade group said that the industry already faces significant levies, including children's shoes, which often have rates of 20%, 37.5%, or higher, before accounting for the new tariffs.
President Trump had imposed broad-based tariffs on goods from major U.S. trading partners, potentially leading to a rise in prices.
Trump had instituted sweeping tariffs in early April, including 145% tariffs to imports from China.
China's Commerce Ministry said on Friday that Beijing was "evaluating" an offer from Washington to hold talks over Trump's crippling tariffs.
Adidas, on Tuesday, held back from raising its 2025 financial forecasts despite strong first-quarter results, citing the uncertainty around U.S. import tariffs.
Similarly, Skechers also withdrew its annual forecasts, citing the Trump administration's erratic trade policy.
"Given the nature of the U.S. footwear industry, American footwear businesses and families face an existential threat from such substantial cost increases. Hundreds of businesses face the prospect of closure," said the letter.
The letter asks for "a more targeted approach, focused on strategic items rather than basic consumer goods."
(Reporting by Neil J Kanatt in Bengaluru; Editing by Alan Barona)
His attacks on university funding have many leading STEM researchers considering moving to places where backing is more secure
Apple shares fell 5% on Friday after the company trimmed its stock buyback program and CEO Tim Cook flagged a $900 million tariff-related hit to costs this quarter amid a raging Sino-U.S. trade war.  U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff flip-flops have thrown corporate plans into disarray, even for Apple, which along with Microsoft, has been juggling the title of the world's most valuable company.  The company has been stocking up to cushion the blow from potential supply-chain snarls and rising U.S. import costs.
OTTAWA — Despite U.S. President Donald Trump's repeated claim that Canada has been ripping off the United States, new polling suggests the percentage of Americans identifying Canada as their country's most important ally has doubled.
Carney's first priority is a Tuesday meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump
KYIV, Ukraine (AP) — After months of tense negotiations, the U.S. and Ukraine signed a deal that is expected to give Washington access to the country’s critical minerals and other natural resources, an agreement Kyiv hopes will secure long-term support for its defense against Russia.
PANHANDLE, Texas (AP) — The truck driver is cutting his lawn on a windy afternoon, in a town so quiet you can take afternoon walks down the middle of Main Street.
WASHINGTON — U.S. Customs and Border Protection guidance released on Thursday said automobile parts compliant with the Canada-U.S.-Mexico Agreement on trade will not be hit with President Donald Trump's tariffs.
HUGER, S.C. (AP) — Vice President JD Vance visited a steel plant in South Carolina on Thursday as he heralded the launch of an “industrial renaissance” in the U.S., in part due to President Donald Trump’s moves to boost domestic industry.
NEW YORK (AP) — Consumers can expect higher prices and delivery delays when the Trump administration ends a duty-free exemption on low-value imports from China Friday.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. and Ukraine on Wednesday signed off on a deal that will give Washington access to Ukraine's vast critical minerals and natural resources, finalizing an agreement weeks in the making to compensate the U.S. for its help in repelling Russia’s invasion.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio