Title: Why Nike Stock Dropped 11% in April
Date: 2025-05-02 10:53
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/02/why-nike-stock-dropped-11-in-april/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Nike (NKE 3.22%) stock dropped 11% in April, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence. It was up and down during the month as analysts and investors went back and forth about how it might be affected by the new tariff program.
Nike sells in countries all over the world, but most of its sales happen in the U.S., and much of its merchandise is produced in China and other countries impacted by new, higher tariffs.
The athletic wear giant has already been experiencing sales declines in the face of cutbacks in consumer spending, and revenue dropped 7% year over year (currency neutral) in the 2025 fiscal third quarter (ended Feb. 28). Even worse, Nike Direct revenue, which the company has been investing in to steer its brand, fell 10%. Gross margin was down 3.3 percentage points to 41.5%, and earnings per share (EPS) was $0.54, down from $0.77 the prior year.
Nike is a premium brand, but it services a bridge between a mass and affluent consumer. In better times, that provides exposure to a large swath of the population and fuels growth. Under pressure, it can lose sales from customers switching down or buying on sale.
On the last day of April, Nike got some further bad news after a Wells Fargo analyst downgraded its stock from overweight to equal weight, citing tariff and recession headwinds.
Nike is still the top athletic wear brand by far. Its total revenue is higher than nearly all its main competitors combined, and none of them have been able to significantly chip away at its lead. In fact, the industry as a whole is feeling pressure, and many of Nike's most formidable rivals are experiencing their own challenges. Nike still has more brand power than any other apparel brand in the U.S., and it's likely to rebound under better conditions.
At the current price, Nike stock trades at a forward, 1-year price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 27, which isn't quite cheap but is near the lowest it's been all year. It also pays a reliable, growing dividend that yields 2.7% at the current price.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 889% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 2, 2025
Nike is a blue chip stock that could add value to a diversified portfolio, and this is an attractive entry point for long-term investors. However, it could go sideways until the environment improves.
Before you buy Nike, you should know this:
The Motley Fool’s analysts are tracking a massive shift in U.S. tech. Over $1.5 trillion is already flowing into infrastructure, AI, and advanced manufacturing… and the number keeps climbing.
It’s all being driven by a short-term tariff pause that could expire any day. And while Nike might look like a smart move, we think the real winner is a company 1/100th the size of NVIDIA.
It builds the tech infrastructure that Apple, OpenAI, and others suddenly can’t live without. We just released a full write-up on this under-the-radar stock to all Stock Advisor members — and why now might be the exact moment to move.
Wells Fargo is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Jennifer Saibil has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.