Title: Wells Fargo downgrades Nike saying turnaround taking longer than expected
Date: 2025-04-30 14:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wells-fargo-downgrades-nike-saying-144025360.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Investing.com -- Wells Fargo downgraded  Nike  (NYSE:NKE) to Equal-weight from its previous Overweight rating saying the turnaround was taking longer than expected time while the sector faces dual pressures of elevated tariffs on Chinese imports and expectations for a mild U.S. recession beginning in the second half of 2025.Nike’s target was hacked by $20 to $55Wells Fargo slashed 2026 earnings estimates across the U.S. apparel and footwear sector.The brokerage cut its 2026 EPS forecasts by 20-25% below Street estimates and downgraded several stocks, including Carter’s Inc and Victoria’s Secret & Co, to “underweight,” citing poor positioning to manage near-term headwinds.
Gap Inc (NYSE:GAP) was also downgraded to “equal weight” from “overweight.”
“We now incorporate, current tariff headwinds and, assumptions for a mild recession into our model, both headwinds to begin impacting numbers in 2H25,” analysts wrote, noting a cumulative 145% tariff on Chinese imports and weak consumer sentiment.
By contrast, Levi Strauss & Co was upgraded to “overweight” as a “winner” in the space, with Wells Fargo highlighting low China exposure and strong brand momentum.Canada Goose Holdings (NYSE:GOOS) Inc and VF Corp (NYSE:VFC) were both upgraded to “equal weight” from “underweight,” as bear cases appeared “largely played out.”
Wells Fargo added that resale platforms such as The RealReal (NASDAQ:REAL) Inc and ThredUp Inc were the only names in its coverage where it did not lower estimates, citing their counter-cyclical positioning and zero tariff exposure.
Wells Fargo downgrades Nike saying turnaround taking longer than expected
Pichai pushes back on antitrust remedies, hints at Apple Gemini talks
Seaport starts coverage of chip stocks, says sell Nvidia, buy Broadcom, AMD
McDonald's low-cost value meals weren't enough to slow the drop in traffic to its fast food restaurants as consumers cut back spending.
Duolingo (DUOL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 38.46% and 3.32%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Nike is already experiencing sales declines due to customers cutting spending.  Nike is the top-selling activewear company in the world, and it has strong brand power.  Nike (NYSE: NKE) stock dropped 11% in April, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.
Investors were feeling a little calmer Friday after China signaled it's ready to engage in trade talks with the U.S. The Cboe Volatility Index, a widely-followed fear gauge that tracks S&P 500 options contracts and trades under the ticker VIX, slipped 2.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
When investing in crypto, it helps to look at the top performers to get a sense of what’s going on in the market.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
Short-term loans are great for emergencies and seasonal changes but aren’t cheap.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio