Title: Johnson & Johnson Raises Sales Outlook as Pharma Sales Lead Q1 Beat
Date: 2025-04-15 13:47
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/johnson-johnson-raises-sales-outlook-134755490.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) opened the pharmaceutical earnings season on Tuesday by boosting its full-year sales forecast after posting stronger-than-expected first-quarter results. The announcement comes as the industry prepares for potential tariff shifts under the Trump administration. The New Jersey-based company reported adjusted earnings of $2.77 per share, beating estimates by $0.19. Revenue came in at $21.9 billion, roughly 2% higher than a year ago and ahead of the $21.57 billion analyst forecast. JNJ's pharmaceutical division drove the upside, generating $13.9 billion in revenue, surpassing the $13.4 billion consensus. Key products included Darzalex, which brought in $3.2 billion a 20% year-over-year increase and Xarelto, which generated $690 million, 33% above last year. Meanwhile, sales of Stelara declined 34% to $1.6 billion as generics enter the market, and Invega Sustenna dropped 15% to $903 million. MedTech performance was mixed. Cardiovascular sales climbed 16% to $2.1 billion, while orthopedics and electrophysiology posted modest declines. Despite some pressure from product-specific declines, Johnson & Johnson raised its full-year revenue guidance to between $91.0 billion and $91.8 billion. The company attributed the change in part to the addition of Caplyta following its acquisition of Intra-Cellular Therapies. This article first appeared on GuruFocus. Johnson & Johnson forecasts about $400 million in costs this year related to tariffs on medical devices, said Chief Financial Officer Joseph Wolk in an interview. Wolk said the estimated costs represent a "worst-case scenario" and take into account President Trump’s 90-day pause, China's retaliatory tariffs and the resumption of the U.S. tariffs. J&J isn't doing anything differently yet in response to tariffs, Wolk added. 🔎 Boeing (BA): Beijing ordered Chinese airlines not to place new orders for Boeing jets and is requiring carriers to seek approval before taking delivery of aircraft they have already ordered. 🔎 Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): The healthcare company raised its 2025 sales guidance, but held its earnings outlook. Citigroup (C) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 6.52% and 1.95%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? The headline numbers for Bank of America (BAC) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals. Johnson & Johnson stock fell alongside the broader market, despite beating first-quarter calls and hiking its 2025 sales guidance. While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values. LVMH’s latest sales figures show Chinese and U.S. demand for luxury goods was wobbly—even before the trade war between the two countries kicked off in earnest. Shares in Louis Vuitton's owner sank Tuesday, after the company said sales fell 3% over the three months through March compared with a year earlier. The pullback meant LVMH lost its crown as Europe’s most valuable luxury company to Hermès, which reports later this week. Bank of America and Citigroup said consumer spending ticked higher in the first quarter, when concerns about the economy began to bubble up. PNC's first-quarter 2025 results reflect a rise in fee income and NII. Yet, increased expenses act as headwinds. Citi and Bank of America posted first-quarter net interest income of $14 billion and $14.4 billion, respectively. Wall Street expected $14.49 billion of NII for the quarter at BofA, according to data compiled by FactSet, and $13.56 billion at Citi. BofA said in January that it expected to drive between $14.5 billion and $14.6 billion of net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis for the first quarter. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
