Title: Chevron to cut 20% of global workforce by end of 2026
Date: 2025-04-07 15:07
URL: https://www.cstoredive.com/news/chevron-to-cut-20-of-global-workforce-by-end-of-2026/744648/?.tsrc=rss

   
                
                    
                        Let C-Store Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
              The job cuts, which are estimated to impact roughly 9,000 employees, mirror staff reductions planned by rival BP to trim costs and boost efficiency. Chevron’s cost-reduction goals aim to simplify its organizational structure and enable teams to work faster and more effectively, the spokesperson said. The spokesperson added that Chevron will lean heavily on technology to enhance productivity and expand its use of “global centers.” “We believe changes to the organizational structure will improve standardization, centralization, efficiency and results, unlocking new growth potential and helping Chevron drive industry-leading performance now and into the future,” the spokesperson said. Laying off what could be around 9,000 employees is part of this productivity push. It also mirrors a recent initiative by fuel competitor BP, which revealed plans in January to cut 4,700 jobs and 3,000 contractor roles amid efforts to lower costs by $2 billion by 2026. One upcoming round of Chevron’s staff cuts will impact about 700 workers in Houston on May 28, and 600 in San Ramon starting June 1, the spokesperson said. “We do not take these actions lightly and will support our employees through the transition,” the spokesperson said. “But responsible leadership requires taking these steps to improve the long-term competitiveness of our company for our people, our shareholders and our communities.” Chevron’s spokesperson said further details on how these cost-cutting measures will impact the company’s retail division were not available. Chevron co-owns over 1,100 ExtraMile convenience stores with Jacksons Food Stores and supplies fuel at about 8,000 gas stations across the U.S. Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts CEOs, CFOs and other leaders from retailers like Murphy USA, Casey’s General Stores and Arko discuss the shifting gas landscape. The move, which coincided with nixing the Iowa retailer’s mobile ordering platform, underscores the culturally dissonant integration between the companies, several former corporate staffers say. Subscribe to C-Store Dive for top news, trends & analysis Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Want to share a company announcement with your peers? 

                                
                                    Get started
                                
                                ➔

 CEOs, CFOs and other leaders from retailers like Murphy USA, Casey’s General Stores and Arko discuss the shifting gas landscape. The move, which coincided with nixing the Iowa retailer’s mobile ordering platform, underscores the culturally dissonant integration between the companies, several former corporate staffers say. The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines