Title: 3M vs. Griffon_ Which Industrial Conglomerate Stock is a Stronger Pick_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-07 15-59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/3m-vs-griffon-industrial-conglomerate-155900966.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
3M Company MMM and Griffon Corporation GFF are both familiar names operating in the Zacks Diversified Operations industry. While 3M operates in the industrial, electrical, transportation, consumer and home care markets, Griffon provides consumer, professional, as well as home and building products in the United States and internationally.With considerable exposure in consumer and home care markets, both companies invest heavily in research and development to generate innovative products, drive growth and gain market share. But which one is a better investment today? Let’s take a closer look at their fundamentals, growth prospects and challenges to make an informed choice.
3M is witnessing solid momentum in the Safety and Industrial segment, driven by strength in roofing granules and electrical markets. Significant orders for aluminum high-capacity conductors and power cable accessories in Asia and the United States, driven by an increase in demand from data centers, augur well in the quarters ahead. The segment’s organic sales improved approximately 2.4% year over year in the fourth quarter of 2024.The company’s Transportation and Electronics segment is benefiting from strength in the aerospace and electronics end markets. Solid electronics demand, backed by an increase in production volume by electronics original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers, is proving beneficial for the segment. The segment’s adjusted organic revenues grew 2% in the fourth quarter.3M is committed to rewarding its shareholders handsomely through dividend payments and share buybacks. In 2024, it paid dividends worth $2 billion and repurchased shares for $1.8 billion. At the end of 2024, the company had $2.4 billion remaining under the share repurchase program. In 2025, it anticipates a gross share repurchase of around $1.5 billion.However, weakness in the consumer retail end markets, owing to a decrease in consumer discretionary spending, remains a concern. This is reflected in the Consumer segment’s results, which declined 1.9% in 2024. There was a particular weakness in the packaging & expression, home & auto care and consumer safety and well-being businesses. The company expects consumer retail discretionary spending on hardline goods to remain muted in the near term, which is likely to hurt its overall performance.MMM’s high debt level remains another concern for its profitability. Exiting 2024, the company’s long-term debt was $11.1 billion. Its short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt totaled $1.9 billion. Also, interest expenses in 2024 increased 26.5% year over year to $1.2 billion.The company has also been subject to several litigations, including earplug lawsuits. It has committed substantial funds to resolve these disputes, as ongoing litigation might lead to additional expenses. Per the terms of the Combat Arms Earplug settlement announced in August 2023, 3M agreed to pay a sum of $6 billion to resolve the litigation case over the period from 2023 to 2029.
Griffon is witnessing strong momentum in the Home and Building Products segment. Increased demand for its products, supported by the resiliency of repair and remodeling activity in the residential construction market, is driving the segment’s results (revenues are flat on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter of fiscal 2025).The U.S. residential construction market is seeing a recovery in single-family housing, supported by lower interest rates and builder incentives, which is likely to be beneficial for the segment in the quarters ahead. The recovery in the commercial construction market, driven by several projects undertaken by customers, is expected to benefit the segment.However, tepid consumer demand for project tools, outdoor decor and watering products has been hurting its Consumer and Professional Products segment’s performance. The segment’s revenues declined 4.2% year over year in the first quarter of fiscal 2025.Griffon continues to invest in the expansion and modernization of its key manufacturing and distribution facilities to drive growth.  For instance, the company expanded Clopay's Troy manufacturing facility, which will improve its manufacturing efficiencies and introduce new product lines. It also expanded the sectional door manufacturing capacity in Ohio to cater to the increasing demand for its premium products. Griffon plans to make additional investments in capacity expansion and technology in 2025.Also, GFF intends to strengthen and expand its businesses through acquisitions. In July 2024, it acquired an Australia-based company, Pope. Pope has expanded its residential watering product portfolio in the Australian market. The acquisition of Pope is anticipated to generate annual revenues of around $25 million and positively impact the company's earnings in the first full year of ownership.
While the Zacks Consensus Estimate for MMM’s 2025 sales implies a year-over-year decline of 10%, the same for its earnings per share (EPS) indicates growth of 6.7%. While the EPS estimates for 2025 have declined, the estimates for 2026 have increased over the past 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
While the Zacks Consensus Estimate for GFF’s fiscal 2025 sales implies a year-over-year decline of 1.2%, the same for EPS indicates growth of 11.5%. GFF’s EPS estimates have been trending northward over the past 60 days for both fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
In the past six months, 3M shares have lost 5.7%, while Griffon stock has inched up 0.4%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
3M is trading at a forward 12-month price-to-earnings ratio of 15.97X, above its median of 12.03X over the last three years. Griffon’s forward earnings multiple sits at 10.80X, close to its median of 10.58X over the same time frame.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
3M’s strength in the safety, industrial and transportation markets has been dented by the weakness in its consumer retail market. Also, MMM’s expensive valuation and downward earnings estimate revisions warrant a cautious approach for existing investors.In contrast, Griffon’s robust momentum in the Home and Building Products segment, growth investments and accretive acquisitions bode well for strong growth in the quarters ahead. Additionally, GFF’s attractive valuation is more appealing and its upwardly revised estimates instil confidence.Given these factors, GFF seems a better pick for investors than MMM currently. While GFF carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), 3M currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
3M Company (MMM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Griffon Corporation (GFF) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Exxon (XOM) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer […]
Exxon (XOM) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
XOM, SHEL, RES, EQNR and MTDR emerge as the energy headline makers during the week.
AFRM and RH have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
