Title: MillerKnoll, FedEx, Resideo, Matrix Service, and 3M Stocks Trade Down, What You Need To Know
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 17-11
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/millerknoll-fedex-resideo-matrix-3m-171110157.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
A number of stocks fell in the afternoon session after stocks gave back some of the gains from the previous day as the White House clarified the tariffs on imports from China would add up to 145%, while the baseline 10% tariffs remained in place for most countries. This reminded investors that the global trade environment remained volatile, limiting the potential for sustained market gains.
Also President Trump indicated he was willing to accept pain in the short term, and was aware his policies could cause a recession, but he remained more mindful of a more severe case of economic depression (higher unemployment and prolonged downturn).
For investors, this suggested that the administration could prioritize long-term structural shifts over near-term economic stability, further increasing policy-driven risk in the markets.
The stock market overreacts to news, and big price drops can present good opportunities to buy high-quality stocks.
Among others, following stocks were impacted:
Office & Commercial Furniture company MillerKnoll (NASDAQ:MLKN) fell 7.1%. Is now the time to buy MillerKnoll? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Air Freight and Logistics company FedEx (NYSE:FDX) fell 6.3%. Is now the time to buy FedEx? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Building Materials company Resideo (NYSE:REZI) fell 6%. Is now the time to buy Resideo? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
Construction and Maintenance Services company Matrix Service (NASDAQ:MTRX) fell 5.8%. Is now the time to buy Matrix Service? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
General Industrial Machinery company 3M (NYSE:MMM) fell 5.1%. Is now the time to buy 3M? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.
MillerKnoll’s shares are not very volatile and have only had 7 moves greater than 5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful, although it might not be something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business.
MillerKnoll is down 27.3% since the beginning of the year, and at $16.30 per share, it is trading 47.5% below its 52-week high of $31.02 from July 2024. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of MillerKnoll’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $776.93.
Unless you’ve been living under a rock, it should be obvious by now that generative AI is going to have a huge impact on how large corporations do business. We prefer a lesser-known (but still profitable) semiconductor stock benefiting from the rise of AI. Click here to access our free report on our favorite semiconductor growth story.
We recently published a list of 20 Stocks Insiders Bought in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Salesforce, Inc. (NYSE:CRM) stands against other stocks that insiders bought in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. President Donald Trump called April 2 a “Liberation Day” after signing […]
Q1 rates were higher than expected as UPS and FedEx rolled out price increases, per the TD Cowen/AFS Freight Index.
A challenge for many tech companies is delivering high-bandwidth, multimodal data — for example, simultaneous audio and video — to users in real time without interruptions. Some firms build solutions in-house, but these often require a lot of upkeep and maintenance. To ease the burden, Russ d'Sa and David Zhao created LiveKit, an open source software package for building apps that can transmit real-time audio and video. They launched the project in 2021 and soon suspected it had business potenti
(Bloomberg) -- Ivy League universities including Harvard, Yale and Princeton are facing scrutiny from Republicans in Congress over how much they charge. Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionThe Senate and House Judiciary committees
Was Wednesday's rally on Wall Street the start of a turnaround or something entirely different?
(Bloomberg) -- UK Chief of the Defence Staff Tony Radakin traveled to China this week for discussions with the country’s military, the first such visit by the UK’s most senior military official in a decade.Most Read from BloombergMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseIn Chicago, a Former Steel Mill Looks to Make a Quantum LeapThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsHelicopter Crashes Into Hudson River With Multiple FatalitiesInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Fric
Gatcliffe, whose appointment is effective April 1, succeeds CEO John Hastings, who will stay on as a member of the board.  The leadership change comes amid a shake up of the decades-old global trade order triggered by sweeping tariffs from U.S. President Donald Trump.  Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney on Thursday reiterated that Ottawa would respond with force until Washington lifted the tariffs.
An aviation industry analyst believes air travel could face "demand destruction" as a result of the Trump administration's tariff policies.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE:RL) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Tuesday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, discussed the impact of tariff-induced market volatility and he also […]
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
