Title: Why Coca-Cola's (NYSE:KO) Earnings Are Better Than They Seem
Date: 2025-05-08 10:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-coca-colas-nyse-ko-105032660.html?.tsrc=rss

The market seemed underwhelmed by last week's earnings announcement fromThe Coca-Cola Company(NYSE:KO) despite the healthy numbers. We did some analysis to find out why and believe that investors might be missing some encouraging factors contained in the earnings. We've found 21 US stocks that are forecast to pay a dividend yield of over 6% next year. See the full list for free. To properly understand Coca-Cola's profit results, we need to consider the US$2.1b expense attributed to unusual items. It's never great to see unusual items costing the company profits, but on the upside, things might improve sooner rather than later. We looked at thousands of listed companies and found that unusual items are very often one-off in nature. And that's hardly a surprise given these line items are considered unusual. If Coca-Cola doesn't see those unusual expenses repeat, then all else being equal we'd expect its profit to increase over the coming year. That might leave you wondering what analysts are forecasting in terms of future profitability. Luckily, you canclick here to see an interactive graphdepicting future profitability, based on their estimates. Because unusual items detracted from Coca-Cola's earnings over the last year, you could argue that we can expect an improved result in the current quarter. Because of this, we think Coca-Cola's earnings potential is at least as good as it seems, and maybe even better! And the EPS is up 5.2% annually, over the last three years. At the end of the day, it's essential to consider more than just the factors above, if you want to understand the company properly. With this in mind, we wouldn't consider investing in a stock unless we had a thorough understanding of the risks. Our analysis shows3 warning signs for Coca-Cola(1 is concerning!) and we strongly recommend you look at them before investing. This note has only looked at a single factor that sheds light on the nature of Coca-Cola's profit. But there are plenty of other ways to inform your opinion of a company. Some people consider a high return on equity to be a good sign of a quality business. While it might take a little research on your behalf, you may find thisfreecollection of companies boasting high return on equity, orthis list of stocks with significant insider holdingsto be useful. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […] Coca-Cola (KO) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength […] Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?