Title: Is The Coca-Cola Company (KO) the Best Dow Stock?
Date: 2025-05-07 18:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-company-ko-best-185542904.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published a list ofThe Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the US economy and carries great historical significance as well. It also acts as a reference point for analysts and investors. However, not all stocks within this elite group of companies perform equally. While some thrive on innovation and economic boom, others struggle due to various setbacks and economic trends. We decided to break down the index and find out the best and worst stocks, looking at what was making them perform unexpectedly this year. In order to come up with our ranking of the best and worst Dow stocks, we first assigned a rank to each stock based on the number of hedge funds holding the stock. We then looked at the short interest in each stock and assigned the top rank to the company with the least short interest. We then combined the two ranks to see which stock was the best on average. The list is in ascending order, with the best stock taking the number one spot. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). A row of factory workers assembling bottles of sparkling soft drinks on a conveyor belt. Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81 Short Interest as of Apr 30, 2025: 0.89% The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) operates as a beverage company. It engages in the manufacturing and sale of different nonalcoholic beverages. The company was in the spotlight as different analysts reacted favorably to its recently released earnings. BNP Paribas analyst Kevin Grundy highlighted that the firm has an industry-leading portfolio, improved EPS delivery, and market share momentum, which are the main drivers of its bullish thesis. Wells Fargo analyst Chris Carey believes that the Q1 results should soothe investors’ nerves and boost confidence because of the solid margins, top-line growth fueled by volumes, and early confirmation of reiterated 2025 guidance. Moreover, Morgan Stanley analyst Dara Mohsenian believes the strong results confirm that the company is well-positioned for growth among its peers. The firm has also updated its 2025 guidance. It expects organic revenue to grow by 5% to 6%, along with the comparable currency-neutral EPS growth of 7% to 9%.  However, for the full year, The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) anticipates currency fluctuations to affect revenue by 2% to 3% and EPS by 5% to 6%. The company plans to prioritize local branding campaigns and focus on affordability to meet consumer needs. Overall, KOranks 14thon our list of best and worst Dow stocks. While we acknowledge the potential of KO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than KO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of […] We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Rediscovers Love For Magnificent 7 & Discusses These 11 Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Hasbro, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer found his […] While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Sabre (SABR) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values. Coca-Cola (KO) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. We came across a bullish thesis on The Hershey Company (NYSE:HSY) on ValueInvestorsClub by angus309. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on HSY. The company’s shares were trading at $186.36 when this thesis was published, vs. the closing price of $163.28 on Apr 25. HSY manufactures and sells confectionery products and pantry […] We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […] We came across a bullish thesis on Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) on Substack by Chit Chat Stocks. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on OMAB. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB)’s share was trading at $88.42 as of May 2nd. OMAB’s trailing and forward P/E were […] My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...