Title: Coca-Cola to change plastic bottle recycling claims in Europe
Date: 2025-05-07 13:44
URL: https://www.just-drinks.com/news/coca-cola-recycling-claims-europe/?.tsrc=rss

The soft drink giant's decision follows a greenwashing complaint submitted two years ago by the European Consumer Organisation (BEUC). The Coca-Cola Company has agreed to revise the recycling-related claims displayed on its plastic bottles across Europe following a legal complaint. In 2023, agreenwashing complaintwas filed by the European Consumer Organisation (BEUC) and its members from 13 countries, the European Commission said. The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more The complaint at the time flagged “misleading” recyclability messages used by companies including Coca-Cola bottler Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company, Danone and Nestlé. Following the grievance, the Commission said the Coca-Cola Company had “voluntarily” entered discussions with the Consumer Protection Cooperation (CPC) network, led by the Swedish Consumer Agency and the Hungarian Competition Authority, and had agreed to update labels on its bottles with clearer messaging. Phrases such as “I am a bottle made from 100% recycled plastic” will be replaced with “This bottle, excluding label and cap, is made from 100% recycled plastic”. Labels saying “Recycle me again” will be changed to “Recycle me” to avoid misleading consumers about a fully closed recycling loop, the Commission said. Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis. In a separate statement, Coca-Cola said: “The commitments we have voluntarily aligned with the CPC Network underline our shared ambition of providing clear and factual information about our products to consumers.” The Commission said Coca-Cola will also have to “ensure that the overall impression of the label and the marketing is not misleading consumers regarding environmental benefits of the packaging”. BEUC director general Agustín Reyna said: “We expect authorities to monitor if Coca-Cola turns their words into deeds and to take strong measures if this is not the case.” Coca-Cola said it would implement the changes over the coming months and continue to refine its communications “as the needs of our consumers evolve.” Environmental non-profit ClientEarth, which supported BEUC’s 2023 complaint, said the outcome challenges the idea that recycling alone makes plastic bottles environmentally sustainable. Kamila Drzewicka, a senior lawyer at the NGO, added the move “should be seen as the floor, not the ceiling – regulators and courts across the EU now have a clear mandate to take action against such practices”. Nominations are now open for the prestigiousJust Drinks Excellence Awards- one of the industry'smost recognised programmes celebrating innovation, leadership, and impact. This is your chance toshowcase your achievements, highlight industry advancements, andgain global recognition. Don't miss the opportunity to be honoured among the best - submit your nomination today! The gold standard of business intelligence. Find out more