Title: Gallaudet University Students Create Global Sign Name for Coca-Cola
Date: 2025-05-08 14:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gallaudet-university-students-create-global-140000779.html?.tsrc=rss

New Coca-Cola Sign Name Debuts with Reimagined Iconic 1971 "Hilltop" Ad, This Time in American Sign Language and Featuring Gallaudet Students Filmed on Campus WASHINGTON,May 8, 2025/PRNewswire/ --Gallaudet University, the leading institution in the world for deaf and hard of hearing students, announced today that a group of university students has created and presented The Coca-Cola Company with its own global corporate sign name. The new name sign debuts with a reimagining of Coca-Cola's iconic 1971 "Hilltop" ad, filmed in American Sign Language with students, faculty and alumni onGallaudet'sWashington, D.C.campus. Backed by research and input from the university and broader deaf communities, a cohort ofGallaudetstudents developed the corporate name sign and gifted it today in honor of Coca-Cola's 139thbirthday. The Coca-Cola Company's new global sign name, developed over the past year throughGallaudet'sstudent-led Communications and Marketing Lab, visually represents the iconic soft drink in American Sign Language (ASL), reinforcing the Company's commitment to inclusion and accessibility, and its connection with the global deaf and hard of hearing community. The visual expression signs outthe letters "C-O-K-E" in ASL with an added rhythmic hand motion representing the brand's signature dynamic ribbon. "It is more than fitting that The Coca-Cola Company is the first global corporation to receive a sign created by students atGallaudet University," saidStorm Smith,Gallaudet University'sDirector of Storytelling. "We are deeply honored to have partnered with Coca-Cola on this. Our hope is that many other global brands will now follow in Coca-Cola's footsteps, recognizing the extraordinary value a global sign name brings and the importance of creating a stronger connection with our global signing communities." "Gallaudetcame to us wanting to create a name sign as a way to better represent the company and brand in ASL and within the deaf community," saidCameron Mattingly, Director of Stakeholder Partnerships, Coca-Cola North America. "The goal was to create expressions that better reflected our mission to 'Refresh the World and Make a Difference.' Everyone came together to bring this to life in an inclusive way, which speaks volumes about our partnership and shared values." Reimagining "Hilltop" — Teaching the World to Sign To highlight the significance of its new sign name, Coca-Cola turned to its iconic 1971 "Hilltop" commercial, a timeless symbol of unity. Filmed onGallaudet'sWashington, D.C.campus, a group ofGallaudetstudents are joined by staff and alumni to sign the lyrics to "I'd Like to Buy the World a Coke," incorporating the brand's new name sign. When the chorus of the familiar jingle comes around, the film prominently features American Sign Language without the song's audio to capture the essence of the deaf community's communication. Reimagining "Hilltop" in ASL not only honors the legacy of the original but also reflects The Coca-Cola Company's ongoing commitment to inclusion and accessibility, celebrating Deaf culture, identity, and belonging. "Coca-Cola is all about inspiring connection and moments of uplift, which this storytelling captures beautifully by paying homage to a classic commercial in an inclusive way for the deaf community," saidNikki Moorer, Coca-Cola Brand Manager. Gallaudet University'sStudent-Led Marketing Consulting Practice for Global Brands Since its founding in 1864,Gallaudet Universityhas been a pioneering leader in advancing worldwide recognition and prioritization of sign language. Building on its linguistic expertise and cultural leadership,Gallaudet Universitylaunched a student-led marketing consulting practice in 2023 to help global brands develop authentic sign names that enhance accessibility and inclusion for deaf and hard of hearing communities. Coca-Cola's new sign name is the result of an interdisciplinary collaboration by students majoring in Communication Studies, Business Administration, and Linguistics, showcasing howGallaudet'sunique academic model can blend strategy, storytelling, and language to influence brand identity at a global level. With more than 400 million deaf and hard of hearing people worldwide and an estimated$10 billionglobal sign language economy, a universal sign name offers brands a powerful marketing opportunity. Gallaudet Universityand The Coca-Cola Company's Longstanding Partnership Two years ago,Gallaudetbegan conversations with The Coca-Cola Company about the importance of establishing a corporate sign name. With support fromBrandi Rarus,Gallaudet University'sChief Enrollment and Communications Officer, the project moved forward under the creative leadership ofStorm Smith, the university's Director of Storytelling. Drawing on her background in advertising, branding, and inclusive marketing, Storm led the development process and invited fourGallaudetstudents to collaborate over the course of a year. Together, the team conducted in-depth research, focus groups, and creative testing in collaboration with Coca-Cola executives, resulting in the creation of a new ASL brand sign for the company. The sign name project is one of many initiatives in a decades-long partnership enjoyed byGallaudet Universityand The Coca-Cola Company dating back to the 1980s and including scholarships, career development programs and the original Deaf Way festival in 1989. Gallaudet University, federally chartered in 1864, is a bilingual, diverse, multicultural institution of higher education that ensures the intellectual and professional advancement of Deaf, hard of hearing and Deafblind individuals through American Sign Language and English. About The Coca-Cola CompanyThe Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is a total beverage company with products sold in more than 200 countries and territories. Our company's purpose is to refresh the world and make a difference. We sell multiple billion-dollar brands across several beverage categories worldwide. Our portfolio of sparkling soft drink brands includes Coca-Cola, Sprite and Fanta. Our water, sports, coffee and tea brands include Dasani, smartwater, vitaminwater,Topo Chico, BODYARMOR, Powerade, Costa, Fuze Tea and Gold Peak. Our juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverage brands include Minute Maid, Simply, and fairlife. We're constantly transforming our portfolio, from reducing sugar in our drinks to bringing innovative new products to market. We seek to positively impact people's lives, communities and the planet through water replenishment, packaging recycling, sustainable sourcing practices and carbon emissions reductions across our value chain. Together with our bottling partners, we employ more than 700,000 people, helping bring economic opportunity to local communities worldwide. Learn more atwww.coca-colacompany.comand follow us on Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn. View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gallaudet-university-students-create-global-sign-name-for-coca-cola-302450068.html SOURCEGallaudet University At the NewFronts, CBO Aji Mohan touted how Snap has been able to grow its advertiser base through performance and reach-oriented products. The new packaging will be introduced gradually across selected European stores. Coca-Cola (KO) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. We recently published a list of Billionaire Louis Bacon’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) stands against other stock picks with huge upside potential. Louis Moore Bacon is the founder, Chairman, and principal investment manager of Moore Capital Management, a global […] My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.