1 of Wall Street’s Favorite Stock on Our Buy List and 2 to Ignore
2025-04-16 13-01
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-wall-street-favorite-stock-130155680.html?.tsrc=rss
Wall Street has set ambitious price targets for the stocks in this article. While this suggests attractive upside potential, it’s important to remain skeptical because analysts face institutional pressures that can sometimes lead to overly optimistic forecasts.
Luckily for you, we at StockStory have no conflicts of interest - our sole job is to help you find genuinely promising companies. Keeping that in mind, here is one stock where Wall Street’s excitement appears well-founded and two where its enthusiasm might be excessive.
Consensus Price Target: $85.52 (42.7% implied return)
Originally selling Japanese Onitsuka Tiger sneakers as Blue Ribbon Sports, Nike (NYSE:NKE) is a global titan in athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories.
Why Do We Avoid NKE?
Underwhelming constant currency revenue performance over the past two years suggests its product offering at current prices doesn’t resonate with customers
Forecasted revenue decline of 6.3% for the upcoming 12 months implies demand will fall even further
Shrinking returns on capital suggest that increasing competition is eating into the company’s profitability
At $54.60 per share, Nike trades at 27.1x forward price-to-earnings.Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including NKE in your portfolio, it’s free.
Consensus Price Target: $4.41 (127% implied return)
Originally a division of American Airlines, Sabre (NASDAQ:SABR) is a technology provider for the global travel and tourism industry.
Why Should You Dump SABR?
Number of total bookings has disappointed over the past two years, indicating weak demand for its offerings
Poor free cash flow margin of -0.8% for the last two years limits its freedom to invest in growth initiatives, execute share buybacks, or pay dividends
Short cash runway increases the probability of a capital raise that dilutes existing shareholders
Sabre’s stock price of $2.16 implies a valuation ratio of 11.7x forward price-to-earnings.To fully understand why you should be careful with SABR, check out our full research report (it’s free).
Consensus Price Target: $215.51 (21.2% implied return)
Also known as Wabtec, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies (NYSE:WAB) provides equipment, systems, and related software for the railway industry.
Why Will WAB Outperform?
Existing business lines can expand without risky acquisitions as its organic revenue growth averaged 10.8% over the past two years
Performance over the past two years was turbocharged by share buybacks, which enabled its earnings per share to grow faster than its revenue
Free cash flow margin expanded by 7.1 percentage points over the last five years, providing additional flexibility for investments and share buybacks/dividends