Down 69%, Nike Is a Brilliant Stock to Buy Only if You Believe 1 Thing
2025-04-16 11-45
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/16/down-nike-brilliant-stock-buy/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=a826dcf9-a88a-451f-a1a8-75d5b3781554&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Nike(NKE-2.14%)needs no introduction. The global sportswear icon has been leading the industry for decades. It's a well-known consumer brand that has a presence virtually all over the world. People have recognized the business as having strength in product innovation and marketing.
But these strengths haven't prevented theconsumer discretionary stockfrom tanking. As of this writing (April 12), it trades 69% below its record high. Nike's winning culture has been replaced by a losing track record due to ongoing challenges.
It's still hard to ignore the current dip, which might present a rare buying opportunity. If you're taking a closer look at Nike stock, know that adding the company to your portfolio is only a brilliant move if you believe one thing.
Investors seem to be avoiding Nike shares. This is clearly evident by looking at the valuation. They sell at aprice-to-earnings(P/E) ratio of 18.1, which is basically their cheapest level in 10 years. Value investors are paying attention.
The stock's disappointing performance is warranted. Nike's revenue is declining. It generated $11.3 billion in sales in the third quarter of 2025 (ended Feb. 28), down 9% year over year. The leadership team expects a mid-teens percentage drop in the current fiscal quarter. This is happening at the same time that Nike's competitors continue to grow their top lines.
Uncharacteristically, Nike has struggled to release fresh new products to keep customers excited. And it prioritized digital sales at the expense of its third-party retailing partners.
Tariffs aren't helpingthis situation, either. Nike produces nearly all of its shoes in Vietnam, China, and Indonesia, countries that have high levies placed on products coming from them. We don't know how things will ultimately play out. However, Nike's margins could take a hit, or its customers could see higher prices. Neither of these scenarios will boost investor confidence.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all,Stock Advisor’stotal average return is818%— a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025
Buying Nike stock is a brilliant move, in the face of current headwinds, only if you thinkearnings per share(EPS) will be higher in the next five years. This requires, first and foremost, for revenue to start growing again. The leadership team mentioned that things should stabilize after Q4 2025.
Nonetheless, it's extremely difficult to predict when EPS will bottom out. Getting to mid-single-digit revenue gains and improving profitability will help.
Wall Street consensus analyst estimates expect EPS to rise at a compound annual rate of 15% between fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2027. The best-case scenario is for the double-digit gains to continue after this forecast period. The idea is that the stock price should mimic the trajectory of bottom-line performance. It will require a lot of patience from investors.
Nike deserves credit. It's the leader in the global market for sportswear. It has one of the mostpowerful brandson the face of the planet. Its worldwide presence gives it unmatched visibility. And while its challenges are hard to ignore, the business generated $48 billion in revenue in the past 12 months. Nike isn't going away anytime soon.
Low expectations (from the cheap P/E ratio) mixed with higher EPS five years from now can result in a fantastic outcome for investors. The question of buying the stock ultimately comes down to whether you believe management can successfully execute a turnaround by highlighting the brand in the eyes of consumers, releasing exciting new products, and making sure it's striking the right balance between wholesale and direct distribution channels.
The risk is high. But so is the potential reward.



Before you buy stock inNike, consider this:
The Motley FoolStock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… andNikewasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $526,499!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $687,684!*
Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is818% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to156%for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 14, 2025


Neil Pateland his clients have no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over30 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 30 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Limited Time: Get a $250 Bonus with This Cash Back Card!
Earn $250 when you spend $500 in 3 months—that's an easy 50% return! Plus, enjoy 0% intro APR for 15 months & up to 5% cash back.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of04/16/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered byXigniteandPolygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
JoinStock AdvisorNow to Get Our Newest Rec and Save 50%*
By signing up today, you secure your spot to be among the first to receive our latest stock recommendation when it's released at 1 pm ET tomorrow!
Since inception,Motley Fool Stock Advisorhas beaten the S&P 500 by662.32%!**Don't Miss Out!
Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 16, 2025.