NIKE's Jordan Air Rev Brings Flight Lock System to Aid Golfers' Move
2025-04-15 16-25
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nikes-jordan-air-rev-brings-162500931.html?.tsrc=rss
NIKE Inc.NKE has been making efforts to offer a seamless experience. The company is intensifying its focus on sports and speeding up the introduction and expansion of new products and innovations.We note that NIKE’s Jordan Brand Air Rev has come up with Flight Lock technology to bring a customizable system of containment to aid golfers. This will be initially available on May 14 at jordan.com and select retail partners in North America, which will then be launched globally in the future months. Golfers can avail new Jordan Brand Golf apparel this summer.
The Flight Lock technology debuts a movable Air Zoom unit keeping the trailing foot locked in place, with effective pressure on every swing. The Air Zoom unit pairs with an interchangeable Formula23 foam, which is to be used on the lead foot, while providing cushioned stability.Hence, the latest customizable system ensures both left and right-handed golfers have the same model of shoe with the swapping of the Air Zoom unit and Formula23 foam according to their requirements. In addition, the dial lacing system permits golfers to customize their fit further, while the leno weave strap aids them in locking in for throughout the day performance.The silhouette pairs with Jordan Brand Golf apparel that blends Michael Jordan golf silhouettes with contemporary styles, offering an edge to the game. This looks forward to offering efficiency and consistency alongside staying grounded in fit, form and functionality.
NIKE is also enhancing its storytelling efforts with greater impact and boldness while elevating the overall marketplace to strengthen brand distinction and align with consumer preferences. Focus on its sports performance product category has been a key driver of its strategy.This Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) company’s multiyear innovation cycle has been mainly focused on increasing its speed to the consumer. For years, it has used the Express Lane to facilitate short-lead-time replenishment and hyperlocal design, and it expects to continue leveraging this. It has developed a new approach across the entire product creation process. During the second half of fiscal 2025, the company expects to see additional innovations to be launched from Speed Lane, including several exciting new franchises in fitness and lifestyle.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
However, NKE’s shares have lost 22.9% in the past three months compared with the industry’s 23% decline. The company has been witnessing ongoing challenges, further highlighted by its disappointing second-quarter fiscal 2025 results. In the quarter, NIKE faced continued pressure from weak sales in its lifestyle segment, declining digital revenues and challenges in the Greater China market, leading to slower revenue growth and squeezed profit margins.