Title: Jim Cramer Calls Goldman Sachs (GS) a Changed Firm_ No Longer Gripped by Wall Street’s Wild Side
Date: 2025-04-15 19:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-calls-goldman-sachs-190105620.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongWhy your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budgingStock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exportsThe Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffsTreasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatilityStocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a dayThe chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habitStocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focusBofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haulThe trade war uncovers new economies of scaleTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedUnlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing to earnings reports from major banks.“Rumor, innuendo, intrigue these are the stuff of great novels, of fabulous miniseries, riveting plays, and now they’re the stuff of the stock market.”READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks and 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently.He noted the chaotic nature of the current environment and remarked that “this tape has it all,” and emphasized how unpredictable developments from the White House have added to the turbulence. Cramer noted that information is being released constantly, through press conferences, posts on Truth Social, or casual remarks, and that each has the potential to move vast sums of money across asset classes.“Trillions of dollars in and out of bonds, of currency, of gold, of crypto,” he said, all based on impulsive statements. He pointed out the sheer volume of contradictions in the news cycle and stressed, “Except this isn’t an eight-part blockbuster, it’s our money.” Cramer lamented how even social media activity, like tweets, can trigger massive swings in the markets. He noted that Friday’s market action felt like it was shaped entirely by this dynamic.Cramer questioned whether the market might be in the process of forming what he called a “liberation day bottom,” a moment when selling pressure finally ends because investors feel that all the bad news is out. But he acknowledged the uncertainty of that theory as he said, “Not sure, I’m just not sure.” He added:“Have you ever noticed the weekends don’t provide relaxation anymore because the president’s got advisors? He’s got to put people out. He wants to tweet. He’s got meetings. No relaxation time, no downtime…. Monday’s trading, well, let’s just say that it looks like that it’s earning season so it’s gonna be even harder than usual.”For this article, we compiled a list of 15 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 11. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).A close-up of a financial advisor giving advice to a customer, demonstrating the importance of consumer and wealth management.Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS) was mentioned during the episode, and here’s what he had to say:“Alright, well, let’s start with Goldman Sachs, right? That’s what it’s, it’s the first bank stock. It’s the first stock that reports this week and I’ve gotta tell you, usually doesn’t report on Mondays. It’s interesting. JPMorgan stole the show today with a monster good quarter. Wells Fargo was too run of the mill. That one hurt me for my Charitable Trust. I don’t know… Morgan Stanley, better. Goldman’s by far the most controversial. Why? Because as an investment bank, its business can be pretty episodic.Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) is a financial firm known for investment banking. It also provides wealth management services and other financial solutions.Overall, GS ranks 1st on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of GS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.Speaking on the company’s earnings call, Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO David Solomon said in part: “I would I would say the level of uncertainty is up significantly and it’s partially up because growth was slowing down before we got to the implementation of trade policy” and the implementation of trade policy reset the prospect of forward growth “pretty significantly all over the world.” Solomon added: “I would say that when you get outside of the U.S. and I listened to CEOs, I hear a greater sense ofCome prepared to your credit card debt negotiation.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch. In this article, we are going to take a look at where American Express (NYSE:AXP) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer outlined what investors should focus on in the week, especially pointing […]We recently published a list of Biotech Stocks Dominate Monday’s Top 10 Gainers. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ADMA Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ADMA) stands against other biotech stocks that dominate Monday’s top gainers. The stock market kicked off the shortened trading week on a positive note, with Wall Street’s […]We recently published a list of the 11 Best Undervalued Energy Stocks to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other undervalued energy stocks. On March 18, Tortoise Capital senior portfolio manager Rob Thummel appeared on CNBC’s ‘Squawk on the Street’ […]We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due […]The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettBarclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
