Title: Is Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) The Best American Tech Stock To Buy Now_
Date: 2025-04-15 20:52
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alphabet-inc-googl-best-american-205202510.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongWhy your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budgingStock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exportsThe Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffsTreasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatilityStocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a dayThe chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habitStocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focusBofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haulThe trade war uncovers new economies of scaleTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedUnlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against the other American tech stocks.American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies getting a break from President Trump’s tariffs. The S&P 500 rose by 0.8%, the tech-heavy Nasdaq rose by 0.6%, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average increased by about 0.7%.READ ALSO: 11 Best American Energy Stocks to Buy Now and 10 Best Stocks Under $10 to Buy Now.In recent days, President Trump and his advisers have given mixed signals on the future of tariffs on China and on specific industries. Over the weekend, big American tech companies scored a victory when it was revealed that the US had not put tariffs on smartphones, computers, and other consumer electronics.However, on Sunday, US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick stated that these electronics would soon be covered under new tariffs, which would be different from those imposed on specific countries. President Trump also posted on social media that there would be “no exception” for these products. He also said that the government is looking at semiconductors and the entire electronics supply chain in the upcoming National Security Tariff Investigations.Last week was the best week for the major indexes since at least 2023. However, with all this uncertainty, Wall Street is getting ready for another week of potential tariff-fueled ups and downs.To compile our list of the 14 best American tech stocks to buy now, we used stock screeners from Finviz and Yahoo Finance to find the largest American technology companies. We sorted our results based on market capitalization and picked the top 30 American stocks. Next, we focused on the 14 stocks most favored by institutional investors. Data for the hedge fund sentiment surrounding each stock was taken from Insider Monkey’s Q4 2024 database of more than 1,000 elite hedge funds. Finally, the 14 best American tech stocks to buy now were ranked in ascending order based on the number of hedge funds holding stakes in them as of Q4 2024.Why do we care about what hedge funds do? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter's strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).A user's hands typing a search query into a Google Search box, emphasizing the company's search capabilities.Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 234Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is an American multinational technology conglomerate holding company that owns a collection of companies, the largest of which is Google. The company’s products and platforms include Search, Ads, Chrome, Cloud, YouTube, and Android. These are used by billions of people around the world. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ranks among the best American stocks to buy in the tech sector.In March 2025, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced that Google has entered into an agreement to acquire Wiz, Inc., a leading cloud security platform for $32 billion. Wiz will become part of Google Cloud and this move is aimed at accelerating large and growing trends in the AI era, more particularly cloud security and the ability to use multiple clouds. Wiz delivers an easy-to-use security platform that connects to all major clouds and code environments to help organizations of all sizes prevent cybersecurity incidents. Wiz continues to deliver new products with strong adoption and has begun to deliver new categories of cybersecurity solutions over the past 12 months. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) can greatly benefit from this acquisition and strengthen Google Cloud’s position in the fast-growing cybersecurity and cloud computing sectors.Overall, GOOGL ranks 4th on our list of the best American tech stocks to buy now. While we acknowledge the potential of GOOGL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GOOGL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) stock reached an all-time high price of $207.05 on Feb. 4, riding a wave of strong growth and earnings momentum from 2024.  At the time of writing on April 11, shares of Alphabet are down 24% from that record high.  Innovations in areas like machine learning, automation, and generative AI are rapidly transforming the global economy.We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […]Another step towards expanded business listings in the app?As TikTok continues to build out its search experience, the social network is now surfacing reviews for select places right within the comments tab of a video. The new feature, which appears to be a test, eliminates the need to conduct a new search or open Google when you come across a place on TikTok and want to learn more about it. TikTok users who have access to this new feature will see a new "Reviews" tab on the right after they click to view the video's comments. For instance, if you comeAristotle Capital Management, LLC, an investment management company, released its “Value Equity Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The U.S. equity market started the year with a modest decline, with the S&P 500 Index declining 4.27% during the quarter. Conversely, the Bloomberg U.S. Aggregate Bond Index rose 2.78% […]The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettBarclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
