Title: What Makes Alphabet (GOOG) a Lucrative Investment_
Date: 2025-04-15 11:58
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/makes-alphabet-goog-lucrative-investment-115801382.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongWhy your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budgingStock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exportsThe Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffsTreasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatilityStocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a dayThe chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habitStocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focusBofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haulThe trade war uncovers new economies of scaleTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedUnlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Aristotle Capital Management, LLC, an investment management company, released its “Value Equity Strategy” first quarter 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The U.S. equity market started the year with a modest decline, with the S&P 500 Index declining 4.27% during the quarter. Conversely, the Bloomberg U.S. Aggregate Bond Index rose 2.78% during the same period. The composite returned 0.78% gross of fees (0.73% net of fees) in the first quarter underperforming the 2.14% return of the Russell 1000 Value Index and outperforming -4.27% return of the S&P 500 Index. In addition, you can check the fund’s top 5 holdings to determine its best picks for 2025.In its first quarter 2025 investor letter, Aristotle Value Equity Strategy emphasized stocks such as Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG). Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), the parent company of Google, offers various platforms and services operating through Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets segments. The one-month return of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) was -0.74%, and its shares gained 3.51% of their value over the last 52 weeks. On April 14, 2025, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock closed at $161.47 per share with a market capitalization of $1.952 trillion.Aristotle Value Equity Strategy stated the following regarding Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:"Headquartered in Mountain View, California and founded by Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is one of the world’s most dominant and innovative technology companies. Best known as the parent company of Google, Alphabet generates most of its revenue from digital advertising, particularly search. Google currently holds an estimated 87% market share in U.S. search and nearly 90% globally, underpinning a highly profitable ad business that accounts for roughly 75% of Alphabet’s total revenue.A laptop and phone open to Google's services in an everyday setting.Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is in 7th position on our list of 30 Most Popular Stocks Among Hedge Funds. As per our database, 174 hedge fund portfolios held Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) at the end of the fourth quarter which was 160 in the previous quarter. In 2024, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) achieved a revenue growth of 14% compared to 2023, reaching $350 billion. For the fourth quarter, the revenue was $96.5 billion, reflecting a 12% increase in both reported and constant currency. While we acknowledge the potential of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is as promising as NVIDIA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.We covered Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) in another article, where we shared top stock picks from Goldman Sachs value stocks. In addition, please check out our hedge fund investor letters Q1 2025 page for more investor letters from hedge funds and other leading investors.READ NEXT: Michael Burry Is Selling These Stocks and A New Dawn Is Coming to US Stocks.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.Despite the strength and stability of Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG), its direction over the next five years is far from certain.  It owns numerous other businesses that could potentially drive revenue growth for the tech giant, though nobody can guarantee if or how much such enterprises will succeed.  Thus, the question for investors is whether that uncertainty prevents the stock from becoming a buy over the next five years.(Bloomberg) -- Japan’s Fair Trade Commission ordered Alphabet Inc.’s Google to stop alleged abuse of its market power over local smartphone manufacturers, just ahead of high-stakes trade negotiations with the US this week.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by FiGoogle will require European crypto ads to follow MiCA rules, raising compliance hurdles for smaller exchanges.Japan’s antitrust regulator instructed Alphabet’s Google to stop what it said are anticompetitive practices involving mobile search services, its first order against a U.S. technology giant.Japanese regulators on Tuesday accused U.S. tech giant Google of violating anti-monopoly laws, echoing similar moves in the U.S. and Europe.  Google Japan said in a statement that it found the action “regrettable.”  It said it has invested in Japan significantly to promote innovation as a technology leader.The live TV streaming business is one of this year's biggest winners, but the best could be yet to come.ServiceNow, Alphabet, NVIDIA and DXC are included in this Analyst Blog.We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against the other American tech stocks. American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies […]Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money...Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
