Title: “I Can’t Encourage You There”_ Jim Cramer Refrains from Backing Halliburton (HAL) Amid Oil Pressure
Date: 2025-04-17 02:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/t-encourage-jim-cramer-refrains-020123506.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently.
On Friday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer addressed growing concerns in the market as tensions between the United States and China push closer to what he described as a full-scale trade war. He noted that the overall sentiment is clouded by uncertainty. Cramer emphasized:
“At the end of the day, China is the low-cost producer. We need other countries to stand up and make the goods for us, or we need to build automated factories at home to do the same thing because wages in America are simply just too expensive to compete.”
READ ALSO Jim Cramer is Bullish on These 10 Stocks and Jim Cramer’s Game Plan: 15 Stocks to Watch
According to Cramer, both alternatives will take time to implement. In the meantime, he warned that Americans should prepare to either pay significantly more for goods or deal with widespread shortages, or likely both. He also warned that companies exposed to economic cycles could be especially vulnerable.
As inflationary pressures mount, Cramer argued that the broader economy is in jeopardy. He emphasized that unless another country with a labor force comparable in size and cost to China’s emerges unexpectedly, the Federal Reserve will have little ability to intervene meaningfully.
Cramer also pointed to an important reason China controls such a large portion of the American retail market. He explained that Chinese goods are not only cheaper but often just good enough in quality that few American companies are willing to challenge them. He went on to say that Chinese manufacturers have long known how to price their products in a way that discourages American entrepreneurs.
For this article, we compiled a list of 12 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 11. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A drilling rig in the desert with an orange sunset in the background.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 49
During the episode, a caller asked if they should hold it or double down on Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL). Here’s what Cramer had to say in response:
“No, I think Halliburton, look, it’s probably going to bottom at 3 and a quarter yield, but I can’t recommend it because it’s got, it’s domestic drilling, and oil’s come down so much in our country that I think that the president, as much as he went “drill, baby drill”, it’s not happening. It’s not happening. So I can’t encourage you there. I’m sorry, I feel terrible about that, but I can’t.”
Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) delivers a broad range of products and services to the energy sector, including solutions for drilling, well construction, production enhancement, and digital technologies for reservoir and production management. In January, Cramer commented:
“I think SLB and Halliburton deserve all of this upside and more…. Yes, I think they can keep climbing. Yes, the growth outlook for the oil service industry is better than I thought going into earnings, primarily thanks to increased activity overseas.”
Overall, HAL ranks 8th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. While we acknowledge the potential of HAL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than HAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Northrop Grumman is better than Boeing at building stealth aircraft. Might Northrop Grumman stock be better than Boeing, too?
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer is Bullish on These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where CrowdStrike (NASDAQ:CRWD) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Friday, Mad Money host, Jim Cramer, shared his perspective on how investors might approach the stock market given […]
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
You’ll need to do a bit of legwork to find a good fit, but it’s worth it to get one of these loans.
A personal loan could be a good way to pay for emergencies.
Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
