Title: Elliott Builds Over $1.5 Billion Stake in HP Enterprise
Date: 2025-04-15 22:05:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/elliott-builds-over-1-5-135245015.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Elliott Investment Management has built a position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. worth more than $1.5 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Trump Signs Executive Orders on Federal Purchasing, Office Space LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing Elliott plans to engage with the software and networking company to help it boost value, said the people, who asked to not be identified because the details aren’t public. The investment makes Elliott one of the company’s top five shareholders, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Elliott’s exact intentions at HPE couldn’t be immediately learned. HPE shares, which jumped as much as 8.8% Tuesday, closed up 5.1% to $15.01 in New York trading, giving the company a market value of about $20 billion. The stock is still down 39% from its all-time high in January. Elliott’s move is one of the first major activist campaigns unveiled after the market turmoil related to President Donald Trump’s tariff plans. Representatives for Elliott and HPE declined to comment. While artificial intelligence has fueled heavy demand for hardware such as servers and networking, HPE hasn’t been able to seize the moment as much as its peers including Dell Technologies Inc. “We have always argued that HPE either does not have the required portfolio for today’s enterprise- and AI-driven infrastructure, or it does but is unable to effectively compete and win business,” Susquehanna International Group analyst Mehdi Hosseini said in a note. In March, HPE said its profit this year would be sharply lower than analyst estimates as it grapples with tariffs, weak margins on server sales and execution issues. It also said it would eliminate about 3,000 jobs. Woo Jin Ho, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence, said at the time that the company’s actions suggested “meaningful inefficiencies.” Deutsche Bank AG analysts described the firm’s first-quarter results as “disappointing.” HPE could navigate the burden of tariffs since it’s one of the server and storage companies that adhere to the US-Mexico-Canada agreement that replaced NAFTA, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. Track Record Elliott has a successful track record in technology, having pushed for changes at Salesforce Inc., SAP SE and Citrix Systems Inc. among others. It took Citrix private in a $13 billion deal with Vista Equity Partners in 2022. Salesforce implemented growth plans to avoid a proxy fight, while SAP replaced its chief executive officer within six months of Elliott’s position becoming public. Elliott was also a longtime investor in Dell, one of HPE’s major competitors. Dell’s shares have jumped almost 300% since its return to public trading in 2018, outperforming HPE. The activist’s move comes as data center giants such as Microsoft Corp. have pulled back on projects around the world, while Chinese rival Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. warned of a potential bubble forming in AI data center construction. HPE, which split from printer and PC maker HP Inc. in 2015, has been run by Chief Executive Officer Antonio Neri for the past seven years. Top managers at Crown Castle Inc. and Johnson Controls International Plc lost their jobs after fights with the hedge fund. HPE has been a serial dealmaker. Its predecessor company bought Aruba Networks in 2015 for about $3 billion. HPE itself acquired Nimble Storage in 2017 and supercomputer company Cray Inc. in 2019. But its largest deal to date is the pending $14 billion takeover of Juniper Networks Inc., a company that Elliott had targeted more than a decade ago. The acquisition, announced in early 2024, has been in limbo after the US Justice Department sued to block it over antitrust concerns. A trial date for the antitrust lawsuit has been set for July. --With assistance from Eyk Henning. (Updates with closing share price in third paragraph.) Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. HP (HPQ) concluded the recent trading session at $23.74, signifying a -1.25% move from its prior day's close. We recently published a list of 11 Top Performing European Stocks So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (NYSE:DB) stands against other best performing European stocks to invest in. The world economy is hanging by a thread, as the macroeconomic environment consists of […] British bank Barclays maintained its bullish stance on Chinese tech giant Alibaba (BABA) today, while CNBC commentator and professional investor Steve Weiss reported that he had recently bought more shares of Taiwan Semi (TSM). Why Barclays Remains Upbeat on BABA Barclays noted that the growth of BABA’s cloud business is accelerating, and the bank predicts […] We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it […] We recently published a list of the 10 Best Oil Stocks to Invest in According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) stands against other best oil stocks. After an encouraging start to the year, the energy sector is once again lagging behind the overall market. […] We recently compiled a list of the 14 Best American Tech Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Salesforce, Inc. (NYSE:CRM) stands against the other American tech stocks. American stocks moved up a bit on Monday, April 14 as investors focused on news about tech companies […] Companies with a long history of paying dividends and consistently hiking them remain appealing to income-focused investors. Kimberly-Clark, TXNM Energy, and Getty Realty have rewarded shareholders for years and recently announced dividend increases. These companies currently offer dividend yields of around 3% to 6%. Kimberly-Clark Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB) is an American multinational consumer goods and personal care corporation operating in more than 175 countries. Its portfolio of Microsoft-backed OpenAI in December outlined a plan to revamp its corporate structure, saying it would create a public benefit corporation to manage its growing business and ease the restrictions imposed by its existing nonprofit parent.  OpenAI, which last month said it would raise up to $40 billion in a new funding round valuing the company at $300 billion, named Daniel Zingale, who has held senior leadership roles across California, as the commission's convener.  Dolores Huerta, Monica Lozano, Robert Ross and Jack Oliver, all of whom have prior experience with community-based organizations, have been appointed as advisors to the new commission, formed earlier this month. With consumers and businesses alike worried about tariffs, economists are looking to see if “soft data” like recent weak consumer sentiment surveys will feed into “hard data” reports like retail sales and inflation. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.