Title: Pfizer Halts Obesity Pill Development Amid Safety Concerns
Date: 2025-04-15 16:57:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-halts-obesity-pill-development-165700605.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. PfizerPFE announced that it is discontinuing the development of danuglipron, its investigational oral GLP-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1 RA), which is being developed to treat obesity. The decision follows a safety signal observed during two dose-optimization studies, in which one study participant experienced a case of potential drug-induced liver injury. Although the individual was asymptomatic and fully recovered after stopping the treatment, Pfizer stated that its decision was based on a comprehensive review of all clinical data generated to date, along with recent regulatory feedback. While the two dose-optimization studies had met key pharmacokinetic goals and identified a dose with the potential for competitive efficacy and tolerability, the safety concerns ultimately led Pfizer to stop further development of danuglipron. This is the second time that Pfizer has faced setbacks in connection with the pipeline development of danuglipron. In December 2023, the company announced that it would not move forward with phase III studies on the twice-daily formulation of danuglipron. Though the drug was effective in reducing weight in a phase IIb study, it caused several gastrointestinal side effects like nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. Back then, the company said that the pharmacokinetic study of the once-daily formulation of danuglipron continues, and it will focus on its development. This also marks the second time in two years that Pfizer has given up on an obesity drug. Back in 2023, Pfizer had dropped the development of another GLP-1-RA candidate, lotiglipron, due to elevated levels of a type of liver enzymes seen in a study. Following these setbacks, Pfizer has decided to focus on developing its other obesity candidates, which are either in early-stage or mid-stage development. One such candidate is PF-07976016, an investigational GIP receptor being evaluated in a mid-stage study for obesity. Year to date, shares of Pfizer have lost nearly 17% compared with the industry’s 7% decline. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Post Pfizer’s announcement, shares ofEli LillyLLY andNovo NordiskNVO rose 3% and 2%, respectively, on Monday. Both companies dominate the diabetes and obesity market on the back of the tremendous success of their GLP-1 products. Lilly markets its dual GIP and GLP-1 RA, tirzepatide, as Mounjaro for type II diabetes and as Zepbound for obesity. Novo markets its semaglutide drugs as Ozempic pre-filled pen and Rybelsus oral tablet for type II diabetes and as Wegovy injection for weight management. The obesity market has garnered much interest lately. Per a research conducted by Goldman Sachs, the obesity market in the United States is expected to reach $100 billion by 2030. This is also evident from the fact that LLY and NVO have not only optimized their production capacities but are also developing multiple other novel obesity candidates at a rapid pace. The implication of Pfizer’s setback is clear for both Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk — the immediate removal of a potential rival from the highly lucrative GLP-1 market. The latest setback puts Pfizer back at least a couple of years from entering the obesity space. A company that benefited from Pfizer’s announcement wasViking TherapeuticsVKTX, which jumped nearly 11% on Monday. VKTX is currently developing its obesity drug candidate VK2735 in both oral and subcutaneous (SC) formulations. Viking Therapeutics is one of the few companies in this space that has made rapid and encouraging progress with its obesity drug. Last month, Viking announced that it has completed enrollment in a mid-stage study evaluating oral VK2735, just a couple of months after the study initiation was announced in January. This swift enrollment underscores the growing interest in VK2735 and reflects the rising momentum in the weight-loss drug market, led by the success of Lilly’s Zepbound and Novo’s Wegovy. A late-stage study on the SC version is expected to start before the end of this quarter. Pfizer Inc. price | Pfizer Inc. Quote Pfizer currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) : Free Stock Analysis Report Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report Viking Therapeutics, Inc. (VKTX) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Shares of Viking Therapeutics (VKTX) and Structure Therapeutics (GPCR) are on the rise on Monday after Pfizer (PFE) announced its decision to discontinue development of danuglipron, an oral glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, which was being investigated for chronic weight management. While Morgan Stanley predicts “limited reaction” in Pfizer’s shares following the news, JPMorgan tells investors that the decision is “mostly a positive” for Structure and Viking, both developing drugs in the On Monday, Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) said it had become aware of several hundred units of Ozempic (semaglutide) injection 1 mg distributed outside the Novo Nordisk authorized supply chain in the U.S. The seized counterfeit products feature lot number PAR0362 and illegitimate serial numbers beginning with the first eight digits 51746517. Lot number PAR0362 is an authentic lot number. Only when the lot number is coupled with the eight digits 51746517 it is counterfeit and should not be used. Als Pfizer  is halting development of its experimental weight-loss pill, as the booming obesity drug market remains out of reach for the drug giant.  The company said Monday the stoppage comes after it reviewed clinical data and a study subject developed a liver injury that might have been caused by the drug, called danuglipron.  Halting the drug’s development means  Pfizer  still is unable to get a cut, for now, of the white-hot obesity market, which analysts say could reach $100 billion by the end of the decade. In the most recent trading session, Eli Lilly (LLY) closed at $757.18, indicating a +0.38% shift from the previous trading day. The FDA bestows a Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy tag on FATE's pipeline candidate, FT819, for treating moderate-to-severe systemic lupus erythematosus. The 2025 Q1 earnings season picks up considerably this week, with large-cap companies Progressive and UnitedHealth helping to headline the reporting docket. What can investors expect? We came across a bullish thesis on UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) on Substack by Oguz Erkan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on UNH. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)’s share was trading at $587.06 as of April 14th. UNH’s trailing and forward P/E were 37.85 and 19.72 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. UnitedHealth Group stands […] Verve Therapeutics stock rises on demonstrating superior LDL-C lowering ability in a phase Ib study of VERVE-102 in patients with HeFH and/or CAD. Pfizer bows, but is not entirely out of the GLP-1 race. J&J beats first-quarter earnings and sales estimates. It raises sales guidance for 2025 to reflect the addition of Caplyta from the Intra-Cellular acquisition. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.