Title: Pfizer hits setback in obesity drug race as GLP-1 trial halts
Date: 2025-04-14 21:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/pfizer-hits-setback-obesity-drug-214449466.html?.tsrc=rss

Content:
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongWhy your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budgingStock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exportsThe Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffsTreasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatilityStocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a dayThe chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habitStocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focusBofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haulThe trade war uncovers new economies of scaleTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedUnlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Pfizer (PFE) is ending a late-stage trial of its once-daily GLP-1 pill, Danuglipron, after a participant experienced a liver injury. Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Anjalee Khemlani joins Market Domination Overtime to break down the details, as well as preview what to watch as Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) prepares to report earnings.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here.Pfizer announcing today that it is halting a late stage trial of its GLP-1 pill candidate. And Yahoo! Finance's very own Angelina Kamlani joins us now with the latest, Ange.Josh, that's right. We heard from Pfizer today that it is choosing to halt its phase three trial of danuglipron, that is its once daily oral pill that was supposed to be a really good competitor in the market. They said that they stopped it because one of the clinical trial participants had a liver injury and after getting off the pill was able to recover. So that is where things stand. This is, you know, really a bumpy ride for Pfizer and the end to it essentially for this one molecule. We'll have to see what the company decides to do. If you take a look at the stock, though, it didn't really move much on the news today, Wall Street seemed to kind of shrug it off, and it seems that analysts are looking at maybe the company looking inwardly through its pipeline or externally to acquire something to get it into the obesity space. Uh we got Akash Tewari from Jefferies saying that we're removing danuglipron from our model and lowering the price target for Pfizer as a result from $34 to $32, and we view this as another frustrating hit to management's credibility. The company has really been under the watch of investors for some time, and you can see on your screen the struggle that it had to really enter this obesity space already, ending one candidate earlier on in June 23rd because of similar liver issues, and then looking at twice daily danuglipron having to scrap that, then advancing once daily and now scrapping that as well. That leaves Eli Lilly as the only contender in the marketplace, uh, for a pill, as well as, of course, already a market leader with the injectables. So, really hot obesity space that Pfizer is missing out on, and investors are looking at what it can do to really get the next blockbuster out of its pipeline. I guess we'll have to wait till earnings at the end of the month to hear more about that.Ange, healthcare is such a big business, but if you get it right, you make a lot of money. Johnson & Johnson reports earnings tomorrow. Any wisdom, what to expect?Yeah, we're definitely keeping an eye on a few things for Johnson & Johnson. Of course, it is a maker of medical devices, which we know have been hit by the tariffs as well as a pharmaceutical manufacturing, which has been, uh, looked at as having some sort of special tariffs that we've heard from President Trump. So, we're looking on any kind of impact from those conversations, as well as broader tariff impact on guidance. We've seen a couple of companies pull, and we'll see if Johnson & Johnson does so as well. We do know the company has committed to $55 billion in US manufacturing. So we'll have to see how that all shakes out when the company, uh, lets us know tomorrow morning.Ange, thank you. Appreciate it.Pfizer is ending the development of its potential once-daily pill treatment for obesity before venturing into the biggest and most expensive level of clinical testing.  The drugmaker said Tuesday that it would stop studying danuglipron after a participant in one of its trials experienced a possible drug-induced liver injury that ended once the person stopped taking the treatment.  The once-daily version of the pill was in early-stage testing, with researchers trying to figure out the best dose for patients, a spokeswoman said.Pfizer still has another obesity pill in development, PF-07976016, which is currently in a Phase IIa trial.Johnson & Johnson is holding its earnings outlook steady despite President Donald Trump signaling he could put tariffs on the pharmaceutical industry. The administration announced earlier it would conduct an investigation into drug imports. That move is widely seen as a first step toward imposing new levies. Earnings and revenue both beat estimates for the quarter. Johnson & Johnson CFO Joe Wolk joined Bloomberg Open Interest to talk about how tariffs could hit the industry and the drug maker's bottom line.Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bank of America Corporation (BAC), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and Stryker Corporation (SYK), as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. (VALU) and Sypris Solutions, Inc. (SYPR).While cigarette consumption has been in long-term decline, Altria has successfully pivoted to smoke-free alternatives.Pfizer ends its most advanced clinical trial of an obesity pill to compete in the hot GLP-1 space.Pfizer  is halting development of its experimental weight-loss pill, as the booming obesity drug market remains out of reach for the drug giant.  The company said Monday the stoppage comes after it reviewed clinical data and a study subject developed a liver injury that might have been caused by the drug, called danuglipron.  Halting the drug’s development means  Pfizer  still is unable to get a cut, for now, of the white-hot obesity market, which analysts say could reach $100 billion by the end of the decade.It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.Recessions are a natural part of the economic cycle, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
