McDonald's (MCD) Q1 Earnings Surpass Estimates
2025-05-01 12-10
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-mcd-q1-earnings-surpass-121006322.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's (MCD) came out with quarterly earnings of $2.67 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.64 per share. This compares to earnings of $2.70 per share a year ago. These figures are adjusted for non-recurring items.
This quarterly report represents an earnings surprise of 1.14%. A quarter ago, it was expected that this world's biggest hamburger chain would post earnings of $2.83 per share when it actually produced earnings of $2.83, delivering no surprise.
Over the last four quarters, the company has surpassed consensus EPS estimates two times.
McDonald's , which belongs to the Zacks Retail - Restaurants industry, posted revenues of $5.96 billion for the quarter ended March 2025, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 2.12%. This compares to year-ago revenues of $6.17 billion. The company has topped consensus revenue estimates just once over the last four quarters.
The sustainability of the stock's immediate price movement based on the recently-released numbers and future earnings expectations will mostly depend on management's commentary on the earnings call.
McDonald's shares have added about 10.3% since the beginning of the year versus the S&P 500's decline of -5.3%.
While McDonald's has outperformed the market so far this year, the question that comes to investors' minds is: what's next for the stock?
There are no easy answers to this key question, but one reliable measure that can help investors address this is the company's earnings outlook. Not only does this include current consensus earnings expectations for the coming quarter(s), but also how these expectations have changed lately.
Empirical research shows a strong correlation between near-term stock movements and trends in earnings estimate revisions. Investors can track such revisions by themselves or rely on a tried-and-tested rating tool like the Zacks Rank, which has an impressive track record of harnessing the power of earnings estimate revisions.
Ahead of this earnings release, the estimate revisions trend for McDonald's: mixed. While the magnitude and direction of estimate revisions could change following the company's just-released earnings report, the current status translates into a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) for the stock. So, the shares are expected to perform in line with the market in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
It will be interesting to see how estimates for the coming quarters and current fiscal year change in the days ahead. The current consensus EPS estimate is $3.11 on $6.64 billion in revenues for the coming quarter and $12.21 on $26.39 billion in revenues for the current fiscal year.
Investors should be mindful of the fact that the outlook for the industry can have a material impact on the performance of the stock as well. In terms of the Zacks Industry Rank, Retail - Restaurants is currently in the bottom 19% of the 250 plus Zacks industries. Our research shows that the top 50% of the Zacks-ranked industries outperform the bottom 50% by a factor of more than 2 to 1.
Another stock from the same industry, Cava Group (CAVA), has yet to report results for the quarter ended March 2025. The results are expected to be released on May 15.
This Mediterranean restaurant chain is expected to post quarterly earnings of $0.14 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of +16.7%. The consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 1.7% lower over the last 30 days to the current level.
Cava Group's revenues are expected to be $330.46 million, up 27.6% from the year-ago quarter.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
CAVA Group, Inc. (CAVA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Earnings ESP is a great way to find potential earnings surprises. Why investors should take advantage now.
Cava Group achieved 35% revenue growth in 2024, and it's just getting started.  A $10,000 investment in Deckers stock would be worth $6 million today, and it's still going strong.  Investing in growth stocks can help you build tremendous wealth for retirement.
The fast-food giant’s patrons are “grappling with uncertainty” as spending slows at several restaurant chains.
MCD's first-quarter 2025 results hurt by decline in comparable guest counts.
LONDON (Reuters) -British factory exports shrank at their sharpest pace in almost five years and cost pressures intensified in April, according to a survey that showed the impact of U.S. President Donald Trump's trade war and a UK tax hike for employers.  Foreign demand for British manufactured goods fell in the United States, Europe and China, S&P Global said on Thursday.  The headline S&P Global Purchasing Managers' Index for UK manufacturing came in at 45.4 in April, remaining below the 50.0 threshold that divides growth from contraction for the seventh month in a row.
Patrick Industries (PATK) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 13.27% and 4.11%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
The headline numbers for Insight Enterprises (NSIT) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
McDonald's shares moved lower Thursday after the fast-food giant's first-quarter revenue and comparable sales came up short of analysts' estimates.
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.
Idex (IEX) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 6.71% and 1.36%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?