McDonald's Stock Slides On Earnings; U.S. Traffic Falls
2025-05-01 20-42
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/19f55ff0-0fa6-360f-9813-7faa7bb097b7/mcdonald%27s-stock-slides-on.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Reddit Inc. (RDDT) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
BDX's overall topline in the second quarter of fiscal 2025 continues to benefit from strength in its Medical segment and geographic performances.
The fast-food giant’s patrons are “grappling with uncertainty” as spending slows at several restaurant chains.
The headline numbers for McDonald's (MCD) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
Starbucks stock fell sharply on the "Liberation Day" tariffs announcement.  The stock fell again at the end of the month after missing the mark in its earnings report.  CEO Brian Niccol says the recovery is on track.
We want to walk or bike as much as possible in retirement. But that leaves us feeling like we have a target on our backs.
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.