McDonald’s U.S. Sales Decline in Shaky Economy
2025-05-01 14-54
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/66b2442b-0830-3cac-ac93-6c66998955dc/mcdonald%E2%80%99s-u.s.-sales-decline.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The fast-food giant’s patrons are “grappling with uncertainty” as spending slows at several restaurant chains.
McDonald's (MCD) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.14% and 2.12%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Meta Platforms jumps after reporting better-than-expected first-quarter 2025 results. We highlight five ETFs to tap the growth.
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.
CVS Health (CVS) on Thursday raised its full-year earnings outlook as the healthcare company reporte
The online gaming company tops Wall Street's bookings estimates and says its user numbers surged in the first quarter.
Meta Platforms (META), Spotify (SPOT), Garmin (GRMN) and Match (MTCH) are among the companies launching the Coalition for a Competitive Mobile Experience, a lobbying coalition to take on Apple (AAPL) and Alphabet (GOOG) (GOOGL) as legislation to require age verification gains momentum amid rising public concern over minors’ online access to inappropriate material. The group will lobby federal and state policymakers to enact legislation cracking down on the smartphone companies’ business practice
MCD's first-quarter 2025 results hurt by decline in comparable guest counts.
McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE:MCD) owns, operates, and franchises restaurants under the McDonald's brand in the U.S. and internationally. It will report its Q1 2025 earnings on May 1. Wall Street analysts expect the company to post EPS of $2.68, down from ...
Craig Moffett, MoffettNathanson founder partner, says he's not a bear on Apple. He says Apple's valuation is out of line with its growth expectations. The iPhone maker and member of the "Magnificent 7" is due to report earnings after the bell Thursday. He's on "Bloomberg Open Interest."