'People are visiting less'_ McDonald's joins Starbucks and Chipotle in traffic drop amid consumer 'p
2025-05-01 18-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/people-are-visiting-less-mcdonalds-joins-starbucks-and-chipotle-in-traffic-drop-amid-consumer-pressure-180016804.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Are consumers getting skittish?
Just ask McDonald's (MCD), Chipotle (CMG), and Starbucks (SBUX). Those companies, in their latest earnings reports, signaled that their customers are in the midst of an economic squeeze.
“The big thing is people are just visiting less and that speaks to, I think, the pressure on consumers,” McDonald’s CFO Ian Borden told analysts on Thursday morning after the company's first quarter earnings results missed Wall Street estimates in the face of drops in sales and traffic. 
The big reason, it seems, is that President Trump's tariff policy — and the flip-flopping that's come with it — has caused uncertainty among spenders and has weighed on consumer sentiment, pushing inflation expectations to their highest levels since the 1980s.
McDonald's pointed to traffic trends at quick-service restaurants by income level, showing the squeeze on consumers may be broadening.
In the US, low-income consumer traffic was down “nearly double digits versus the prior year quarter,” according to CEO Chris Kempczinski. "Unlike a few months ago, [quick-service restaurant] traffic from middle-income consumers fell nearly as much, a clear indication that the economic pressure on traffic has broadened."
The impact isn't just on value-chain restaurants. Chipotle CEO Scott Boatwright cited a slowdown in consumer spending during the company's earnings call in April as the Mexican-style food chain saw quarterly same-store sales decline for the first time since COVID-19 shut down stores in 2020.
Boatwright said last week, per the Wall Street Journal, that the burrito chain “began to see an elevated level of uncertainty” in February in which “saving money because of concerns around the economy was the overwhelming reason consumers were reducing the frequency of restaurant visits.”
He added in the earnings call, “We could see this in our visitation study, where saving money because of concerns around the economy was the overwhelming reason consumers were reducing the frequency of restaurant visits. This drove a slowdown in our underlying transaction trends; this trend has continued into April.”
The restaurant trends are consistent with recent Bank of America's credit card research showing that "nice-to-have" discretionary services, such as dining out, going to the movies, or travel and leisure spending, eased in March.
Meanwhile, coffee giant Starbucks (SBUX) recently saw US comparable store sales — a closely watched metric that includes results from stores open for more than a year — fall for the fifth consecutive quarter.
The coffee chain is in the thick of a company turnaround plan amid what CEO Brian Niccol called a "tough consumer environment."
Despite inflation and tariff uncertainty, Starbucks is opting not to raise prices in 2025. Instead of leaning into automation, the company intends to hire more baristas in order to pick up sales.
Said Niccol to analysts, "It is one of those things that people would say, hey, look, this is a simple everyday luxury that I can still continue to participate in kind of regardless of what some of the economic challenges are around them."
Ines Ferre is a Senior Business Reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @ines_ferre.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Early Thursday morning Tesla chair Robyn Denholm denied a stunning report from the Wall Street Journal alleging Tesla’s board of directors was looking for CEO Elon Musk’s replacement.
MCD's first-quarter 2025 results hurt by decline in comparable guest counts.
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.
A Republican tax and budget bill would make major changes to the federal student loan program. Here's what it proposes.
The fast-food giant’s patrons are “grappling with uncertainty” as spending slows at several restaurant chains.
🔎 Tech Earnings: The two "Magnificent Seven" tech giants that reported earnings late Wednesday lived up to the nickname, with Meta Platforms surging 7% and Microsoft adding 6% after the results came out.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
BEIJING (Reuters) -Beijing is "evaluating" an offer from Washington to hold talks over U.S. President Donald Trump's crippling tariffs, China's Commerce Ministry said on Friday, signalling a potential de-escalation in the trade war that has roiled global markets.  The United States has approached China to seek talks over Trump's 145% tariffs and Beijing's door was open for discussions, the commerce ministry said.
(Bloomberg) -- China said it is assessing the possibility of trade talks with the US, the first sign since Donald Trump hiked tariffs last month that negotiations could begin between the two sides.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterNYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead
Google on Thursday said US users can now access its AI Mode option via its Labs service.