McDonald's Q1 Earnings Beat, Revenues Miss Estimates, Stock Down
2025-05-01 15-15
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-q1-earnings-beat-revenues-151500489.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
McDonald's Corporation MCD reported first-quarter 2025 results, wherein earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate but revenues missed the same. The bottom line rose but the top line decreased year over year.Following the results, the company’s shares are down 1.5% in today’s pre-market trading session.  The company’s results in the quarter were hurt by a decline in comparable guest counts.Its long history of innovation, leadership and adaptability continues to position the company well, even in challenging market environments, according to Chairman and CEO Chris Kempczinski. He emphasized that while consumers are facing economic uncertainty, McDonald’s remains a reliable choice, offering a combination of beloved classics, new menu innovations and strong value from a brand that has earned their trust.
In first-quarter 2025, McDonald's reported adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $2.67, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.64. Adjusted earnings rose 1% year over year.Quarterly net revenues of $5,956 million missed the consensus mark of $6,085 million. Additionally, the top line decreased 3% year over year. (See the Zacks Earnings Calendar to stay ahead of market-making news.)
At company-operated restaurants, sales were $2.13 billion, down 9% year over year. Sales at franchise-operated restaurants amounted to $3.66 billion, which decreased 2% year over year. However, Other revenues rose 78% year over year to $162 million. Our model predicted sales by company-operated and franchise-operated restaurants to rise 1% and decline 1.2%, respectively, from the prior-year levels.
McDonald's Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | McDonald's Corporation Quote
In the quarter under discussion, global comps decreased 1% against 1.9% growth in the prior-year quarter. Our estimate was a 1.1% increase year over year.
United States: In the first quarter, segmental comps declined 3.6% against 2.5% growth registered in the prior-year quarter. The company's comparable sales for the quarter were impacted by the comparison to Leap Day in the prior year. Our model estimated the U.S. comps to increase 1%.International Operated Markets: Segmental comps declined 1% against 2.7% growth in the year-ago quarter. Comparable sales showed varied performance across markets, with a notable drag from negative results in the United Kingdom. We anticipated an increase of 0.9% from the year-ago levels.International Developmental Licensed Segment: Segmental comparable sales registered a 3.5% increase against a 0.2% decline in the prior-year quarter. The segment's performance was driven by positive comparable sales, with the Middle East and Japan leading the growth.
In the first quarter, McDonald’s total operating costs and expenses were $3.30 billion, down 4% year over year.Operating income dropped 3% year over year to $2.64 billion. Net income totaled $1.86 billion, down 3% year over year.
MCD currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Fastenal Company’s FAST first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings were in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate and on par year over year. On the other hand, net sales surpassed the consensus mark and grew year over year.The top-line growth was attributable to improved customer contract signings over the past 12 months, which were partially offset by sluggish underlying business activity. The bottom line was adversely impacted by higher fleet and transportation costs, along with increased labor costs.Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. CMG reported mixed first-quarter 2025 results, with earnings beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate and revenues missing the same. The top and bottom lines increased on a year-over-year basis.Chipotle's first-quarter results were affected by various headwinds, including unfavorable weather conditions and reduced consumer spending. Along with expanding its brand presence both domestically and internationally, Chipotle has made notable strides in enhancing restaurant operations, advancing back-of-house innovations.Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. PLAY reported fourth-quarter fiscal 2024 results, with earnings beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate and revenues missing the same. Both metrics declined on a year-over-year basis.Dave & Buster’s reported a weak fourth quarter but expressed confidence in its direction as recent trends show signs of improvement. The current leadership team is undoing several decisions made by prior management in marketing, operations and capital spending, and is returning to a more disciplined, fundamentals-driven strategy.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Fastenal Company (FAST) : Free Stock Analysis Report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
The headline numbers for McDonald's (MCD) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
McDonald's posted mixed Q1 results Thursday with declines in revenue and comparable sales. McDonald's stock slides.
McDonald's (MCD) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 1.14% and 2.12%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
We recently published Jim Cramer’s Surprised About US Travel As He Discusses These 18 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented on the […]
Builders FirstSource's first-quarter results reflect dismal core organic sales, along with ongoing Single-Family and Multi-Family margin normalization.
Strong segmental revenues are likely to boost EXPD's first-quarter 2025 results.
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
HSY's first-quarter results reflect lower year-over-year earnings and sales amid economic uncertainty and heightened cost pressure.
The headline numbers for Cullen/Frost (CFR) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
The fast-food giant’s patrons are “grappling with uncertainty” as spending slows at several restaurant chains.