Gloomy retail earnings show consumers are feeling the pinch of US tariffs
2025-05-01 15-12
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gloomy-retail-earnings-show-consumers-151222225.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Sruthi Shankar
(Reuters) -Lackluster quarterly results from consumer-facing companies including McDonald's and Harley-Davidson are the latest sign that American shoppers are curbing spending amid shifting U.S. trade policies.
McDonald's posted a surprise decline in quarterly global sales on Thursday and said it was navigating the "toughest of market conditions". It echoed recent warnings from restaurant operators Domino's Pizza, Chipotle Mexican Grill and Starbucks that Americans were spending less on dining out.
Cosmetics maker Estee Lauder forecast a bigger-than-expected drop in fiscal 2025 sales, while motorbike maker Harley-Davidson joined a spate of companies this week in pulling forecasts, citing the uncertain macroeconomic environment.
Investors have been worried that the Trump administration's tariff plans will spur a resurgence in inflation and hurt global economic growth, in turn deterring discretionary spending.
"It's very difficult for retailers to give solid guidance and not be conservative when they don't know what they're going to be able to get in terms of inventories, especially ones that come from China," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at B Riley Wealth.
Estee Lauder said sales in the Americas declined primarily due to a dip in "consumer confidence and sentiment", which led to elevated inventory levels and destocking at certain retailers.
The U.S. economy contracted in the first quarter for the first time in three years, data on Wednesday showed, and consumer spending - which accounts for more than two-thirds of the economy - grew at 1.8% after a robust 4% pace in the fourth quarter.
The United States has approached China, seeking talks over Trump's 145% tariffs, a social media account affiliated with Chinese state media said on Thursday, potentially signaling Beijing's openness to negotiations.
Trump instituted sweeping tariffs in early April, unleashing a wave of selling across stocks worldwide and prompting several companies to either withdraw guidance or warn about their performance in the coming months.
Fast-casual chain Shake Shack posted weaker-than-expected first-quarter revenue on Thursday and said it was factoring in some level of pressure on consumer spending as well as headwinds from higher inflation this year.
However, results from card companies Mastercard and Visa signaled resilience in consumer spending.
"Visa and Mastercard data say consumers are doing fine, but reports from the likes of McDonald's suggest that it's still the higher-income shopper that is doing the heavy lifting," said Brian Jacobsen, chief economist at Annex Wealth Management.
"It's an unsustainable situation and likely to break towards a breakdown in spending without a tariff reprieve soon."
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar, Purvi Agarwal and Ananya Mariam Rajesh in Bengaluru; Editing by Pooja Desai)
(Reuters) -Tesla  Chair Robyn Denholm on Thursday denied a Wall Street Journal report that said board members about a month ago had reached out to several executive search firms to find a replacement for CEO Elon Musk.  Tesla shares rose 2.8% in early trading on Thursday after Denholm called the report "absolutely false" and said on X the EV maker's board is "highly confident" in Musk's ability to "continue executing on the exciting growth plan ahead."  The Journal said in a statement it stood by its reporting on Wednesday that the board was seeking a new CEO due to Musk's heavy involvement with President Donald Trump's administration, citing people familiar with the discussions.
Robinhood reported $927 million in revenue in Q1, up 50% from the same period last year.
The company beat Wall Street forecasts for sales and profits and said its $80 billion data center build continues
Shares of tech mega-caps soared on Thursday as strong earnings reports from Microsoft and Meta Platforms breathed fresh life into the AI trade that's fueled stock market gains for the past two years.
In recent days new data has shown a drastic reduction in export shipping from China to the U.S. and investors appear to have reacted as a result.
US stocks likely hit a peak relative to the rest of global markets on Christmas Eve last year, Jefferies' top stock strategist said.
Strong Q1 earnings from Meta and Microsoft sparked an AI rally that boosted the tech-heavy index past its level on April 2, the day tariffs were revealed.
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says AI Data Centers Have Potential & Discusses These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented […]
The floor system has been implemented in hundreds of projects throughout North America.