Middle-Income Consumers Feel Pinched. That’s Bad for Some of America’s Best Known Brands.
2025-05-01 23-06
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/ed897692-aa68-334d-a291-7e05e7f04c59/middle-income-consumers-feel.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Middle-class and lower-income Americans are in belt-tightening mode. McDonald’s reported its worst sales since the pandemic for established U.S. restaurants, after anxious middle- and low-income diners cut their spending. “People are just being more judicious,” McDonald’s Chief Executive Chris Kempczinski told investors Thursday.
Carpenter makes specialized metals used in a multitude of industries, including aerospace, health care and transportation.
(Reuters) -Lackluster quarterly results from consumer-facing companies including McDonald's and Harley-Davidson are the latest sign that American shoppers are curbing spending amid shifting U.S. trade policies.  McDonald's posted a surprise decline in quarterly global sales on Thursday and said it was navigating the "toughest of market conditions".  It echoed recent warnings from restaurant operators Domino's Pizza, Chipotle Mexican Grill and Starbucks that Americans were spending less on dining out.
It’s been an interesting week for  General Motors  one that has culminated with a guidance cut.  GM   reported first-quarter numbers on Tuesday but delayed its earnings conference call because President Donald Trump was set to change automotive tariff policies later in the day.  The car business still faces stiff tariffs—25% levies on imported cars—but things improved at the margin.
We recently published a list of the 30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Target Corp. (NYSE:TGT) stands against other stocks that should double in 3 years. On April 25, Kari Firestone, Aureus Asset Management executive chairman and co-founder, joined CNBC’s ‘Squawk […]
Low-income consumers already have been visiting the company's restaurants less, executives said Thursday, adding that traffic from both customer groups is down by nearly double digits.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.