'People are visiting less'_ McDonald's joins Starbucks and Chipotle in traffic drop amid consumer 'p
2025-05-01 18-00
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/people-are-visiting-less-mcdonalds-joins-starbucks-and-chipotle-in-traffic-drop-amid-consumer-pressure-180016804.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Are consumers getting skittish?
Just ask McDonald's (MCD), Chipotle (CMG), and Starbucks (SBUX). Those companies, in their latest earnings reports, signaled that their customers are in the midst of an economic squeeze.
“The big thing is people are just visiting less and that speaks to, I think, the pressure on consumers,” McDonald’s CFO Ian Borden told analysts on Thursday morning after the company's first quarter earnings results missed Wall Street estimates in the face of drops in sales and traffic. 
The big reason, it seems, is that President Trump's tariff policy — and the flip-flopping that's come with it — has caused uncertainty among spenders and has weighed on consumer sentiment, pushing inflation expectations to their highest levels since the 1980s.
McDonald's pointed to traffic trends at quick-service restaurants by income level, showing the squeeze on consumers may be broadening.
In the US, low-income consumer traffic was down “nearly double digits versus the prior year quarter,” according to CEO Chris Kempczinski. "Unlike a few months ago, [quick-service restaurant] traffic from middle-income consumers fell nearly as much, a clear indication that the economic pressure on traffic has broadened."
The impact isn't just on value-chain restaurants. Chipotle CEO Scott Boatwright cited a slowdown in consumer spending during the company's earnings call in April as the Mexican-style food chain saw quarterly same-store sales decline for the first time since COVID-19 shut down stores in 2020.
Boatwright said last week, per the Wall Street Journal, that the burrito chain “began to see an elevated level of uncertainty” in February in which “saving money because of concerns around the economy was the overwhelming reason consumers were reducing the frequency of restaurant visits.”
He added in the earnings call, “We could see this in our visitation study, where saving money because of concerns around the economy was the overwhelming reason consumers were reducing the frequency of restaurant visits. This drove a slowdown in our underlying transaction trends; this trend has continued into April.”
The restaurant trends are consistent with recent Bank of America's credit card research showing that "nice-to-have" discretionary services, such as dining out, going to the movies, or travel and leisure spending, eased in March.
Meanwhile, coffee giant Starbucks (SBUX) recently saw US comparable store sales — a closely watched metric that includes results from stores open for more than a year — fall for the fifth consecutive quarter.
The coffee chain is in the thick of a company turnaround plan amid what CEO Brian Niccol called a "tough consumer environment."
Despite inflation and tariff uncertainty, Starbucks is opting not to raise prices in 2025. Instead of leaning into automation, the company intends to hire more baristas in order to pick up sales.
Said Niccol to analysts, "It is one of those things that people would say, hey, look, this is a simple everyday luxury that I can still continue to participate in kind of regardless of what some of the economic challenges are around them."
Ines Ferre is a Senior Business Reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @ines_ferre.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
The April jobs report comes as investors search for clues surrounding how President Trump's tariff policies could be impacting economic activity.
Manufacturing activity declined in April as President Trump's tariffs clouded the outlook for businesses.
(Reuters) -Reddit forecast second-quarter revenue above Wall Street estimates on Thursday, betting on growing digital advertising spend on the social media platform despite uncertainty over marketing budgets.  The company's shares, which rose as much as 20% in extended trading, pared gains to trade up 7%, after CEO Steve Huffman said on a post-earning call that the company expects some disruption for daily active users from Google search.  "We do expect some bumps along the way from Google, because we've already seen a few this year," Huffman said, adding that the search ecosystem was undergoing significant changes, which could prompt frequent near-term disruptions.
Early Thursday morning Tesla chair Robyn Denholm denied a stunning report from the Wall Street Journal alleging Tesla’s board of directors was looking for CEO Elon Musk’s replacement.
Instead of clarity, the "hard" growth data is seen as a distortion or a warning.
Unemployment claim filings moved higher to end April as investors closely watch for any signs of further cooling in the labor market.
Amazon (AMZN) reported first-quarter earnings after the bell Thursday, blowing past expectations.
Kohl’s board of directors has ousted CEO Ashley Buchanan for cause, citing violations of company policies related to undisclosed conflicts of interest in vendor relationships.
Starbucks (SBUX) has a “grande” problem: It disappointed across the board in its second-quarter earnings report, sending its stock falling as it missed key revenue and earnings estimates.
Strong Q1 earnings from Meta and Microsoft sparked an AI rally that boosted the tech-heavy index past its level on April 2, the day tariffs were revealed.