Middle-Income Consumers Feel Pinched. That’s Bad for Some of America’s Best Known Brands.
2025-05-01 23-06
https://finance.yahoo.com/m/ed897692-aa68-334d-a291-7e05e7f04c59/middle-income-consumers-feel.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Middle-class and lower-income Americans are in belt-tightening mode. McDonald’s reported its worst sales since the pandemic for established U.S. restaurants, after anxious middle- and low-income diners cut their spending. “People are just being more judicious,” McDonald’s Chief Executive Chris Kempczinski told investors Thursday.
Low-income consumers already have been visiting the company's restaurants less, executives said Thursday, adding that traffic from both customer groups is down by nearly double digits.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.
Warren Buffett is one of the most successful investors of all time, and he credits his success to sticking to a few basic investing principles.Read Next: 4 Secrets of the Truly Wealthy, According To...
What to do when you’re sued for credit card debt, including how to settle credit card debt before going to court.