McDonald’s to test expanded beverage menu this year
2025-05-01 15-56
https://www.restaurantdive.com/news/mcdonalds-test-beverage-expansion-2025/746899/?.tsrc=rss
Let Restaurant Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

Adding more items to its menu, including energy drinks and coffee, will help the chain compete with sector rivals and boost profitability.
Expanding its drink line could also help the chain boost traffic, which dropped during the first quarter following a pullback in spending from low- and middle-income households. The chain’s three new menu innovation verticals should help it compete against chains that specialize in areas such as chicken or beverages, Kempczinski said. 
“The opportunity for us is to have teams that have that degree of focus, who are waking up every single day, looking at our performance across the globe and making sure that we absolutely are winning in chicken, that we’re winning in beverages, that we’re winning in beef or continue to win in beef,” he said. 
While McDonald’s currently has about a 10% market share in coffee, Kempczinski believes the chain could do better. There are also opportunities in energy drinks, which McDonald’s doesn’t really serve beyond what is offered at CosMc’s. The beverage concept has grown to a handful of units across Texas and Chicago since 2023 and offers a wide range of customizable items, from coffee and tea to energy drinks, alongside a small menu of snacks. 
“Part of what we’ve tried to be thinking through is, how do we get after that opportunity,” Kempczinski said. “Part of the impetus for us to go do CosMc’s was a belief that if we tried to do it within an existing restaurant that the complexity may be too great and would impact speed of service.”
One of the lessons from CosMc’s is the relationship between customization and core recipes. Customers tend to prefer 80% of the in-recipe ingredients and customize the rest. What the chain learned is the risk of complexity attached to customizations wasn’t as great as they originally believed. 
Management also learned that consumers will want to buy food if a concept is attached to the McDonald’s brand, Kempczinski said. 
“All of that is informed now,” he said. “Let’s take that into a McDonald’s restaurant and see what an expanded lineup of beverages could look like, and let’s understand what that means in terms of driving incremental traffic, but also food attachment that goes with that.”
Kempczinski added that the chain would share more information on the beverage tests later in the year.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The union’s proposals often focus on specific changes to systems workers interact with all day, every day, including equipment and mobile ordering.
As rising wages and operating costs push chains to increase menu prices, consumers are trading down and seeking more value-focused dining options.
Subscribe to Restaurant Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The union’s proposals often focus on specific changes to systems workers interact with all day, every day, including equipment and mobile ordering.
As rising wages and operating costs push chains to increase menu prices, consumers are trading down and seeking more value-focused dining options.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines