Gloomy retail earnings show consumers are feeling the pinch of US tariffs
2025-05-01 15-12
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gloomy-retail-earnings-show-consumers-151222225.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Sruthi Shankar
(Reuters) -Lackluster quarterly results from consumer-facing companies including McDonald's and Harley-Davidson are the latest sign that American shoppers are curbing spending amid shifting U.S. trade policies.
McDonald's posted a surprise decline in quarterly global sales on Thursday and said it was navigating the "toughest of market conditions". It echoed recent warnings from restaurant operators Domino's Pizza, Chipotle Mexican Grill and Starbucks that Americans were spending less on dining out.
Cosmetics maker Estee Lauder forecast a bigger-than-expected drop in fiscal 2025 sales, while motorbike maker Harley-Davidson joined a spate of companies this week in pulling forecasts, citing the uncertain macroeconomic environment.
Investors have been worried that the Trump administration's tariff plans will spur a resurgence in inflation and hurt global economic growth, in turn deterring discretionary spending.
"It's very difficult for retailers to give solid guidance and not be conservative when they don't know what they're going to be able to get in terms of inventories, especially ones that come from China," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at B Riley Wealth.
Estee Lauder said sales in the Americas declined primarily due to a dip in "consumer confidence and sentiment", which led to elevated inventory levels and destocking at certain retailers.
The U.S. economy contracted in the first quarter for the first time in three years, data on Wednesday showed, and consumer spending - which accounts for more than two-thirds of the economy - grew at 1.8% after a robust 4% pace in the fourth quarter.
The United States has approached China, seeking talks over Trump's 145% tariffs, a social media account affiliated with Chinese state media said on Thursday, potentially signaling Beijing's openness to negotiations.
Trump instituted sweeping tariffs in early April, unleashing a wave of selling across stocks worldwide and prompting several companies to either withdraw guidance or warn about their performance in the coming months.
Fast-casual chain Shake Shack posted weaker-than-expected first-quarter revenue on Thursday and said it was factoring in some level of pressure on consumer spending as well as headwinds from higher inflation this year.
However, results from card companies Mastercard and Visa signaled resilience in consumer spending.
"Visa and Mastercard data say consumers are doing fine, but reports from the likes of McDonald's suggest that it's still the higher-income shopper that is doing the heavy lifting," said Brian Jacobsen, chief economist at Annex Wealth Management.
"It's an unsustainable situation and likely to break towards a breakdown in spending without a tariff reprieve soon."
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar, Purvi Agarwal and Ananya Mariam Rajesh in Bengaluru; Editing by Pooja Desai)
Middle-class and lower-income Americans are in belt-tightening mode.  McDonald’s reported its worst sales since the pandemic for established U.S. restaurants, after anxious middle- and low-income diners cut their spending.  “People are just being more judicious,” McDonald’s Chief Executive  Chris Kempczinski  told investors Thursday.
Carpenter makes specialized metals used in a multitude of industries, including aerospace, health care and transportation.
It’s been an interesting week for  General Motors  one that has culminated with a guidance cut.  GM   reported first-quarter numbers on Tuesday but delayed its earnings conference call because President Donald Trump was set to change automotive tariff policies later in the day.  The car business still faces stiff tariffs—25% levies on imported cars—but things improved at the margin.
Yum Brands' (YUM) first-quarter results rose year over year but sales fell short of market estimates
(Bloomberg) -- Starbucks Corp. is looking to cut how much it spends upgrading stores, which could help address investor anxiety over the price tag of turning the chain around.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do NowStarb
The S&P 500 advanced 0.6% on Thursday, May 1, securing its eighth straight winning session as strong results from Microsoft and Meta helped boost tech stocks.
McDonald's (MCD) first-quarter revenue fell short of market estimates while same-store sales unexpec
The motorcycle maker pulled its guidance for the year, blaming uncertainty over tariffs and the broader economy.
The company beat Wall Street forecasts for sales and profits and said its $80 billion data center build continues
(Reuters) -CVS Health raised its full-year profit forecast on Thursday and said it plans to exit the market for Obamacare health insurance plans in 2026, as it seeks to turn around its fortunes after a series of challenges last year.  CVS shares jumped 5% to $69.84 after it raised its 2025 profit forecast to $6 to $6.20 per share from $5.75 to $6 previously.  CEO David Joyner, who took the helm of the healthcare conglomerate in October, has laid out cost-cutting plans and reshuffled the top management to help the company navigate one of the most challenging periods in its six-decade history.