Title: Stripe CEO to become a Meta director
Date: 2025-04-14 11:07
URL: https://www.paymentsdive.com/news/stripe-ceo-meta-facebook-director-board/745252/?.tsrc=rss

Let Payments Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.

Patrick Collison will join the board of the public social media company as speculation persists about the possibility of his payments company filing for an initial public offering.
Meta directors received $50,000 compensation plus additional money for serving on a committee, according to the company’s2024 proxy statement. New directors can receive up to $2 million, including stock grants, during their first year on the board, with a $1 million limit after that.
“Between WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook, Meta is one of the internet’s most important platforms for businesses,” Collison said in a news release. “I look forward to helping them navigate the abundant opportunities of the coming years.”
Collison previously served on aMeta advisory boardto help guide the company’s artificial intelligence strategy, joining that group in May. A second member of the advisory board, technology investor Charlie Songhurst, also became a Meta director this year.
For several years, privately held Stripe, with headquarters in San Francisco and Dublin, has been theobject of speculationabout whether it would seek to become a publicly traded company. The company processed $1.4 trillion in payment volume last year, a 38% increase from 2023.
Stripe is profitable “and expects to remain so in the coming years,” it said in a Februarynews release.
Collison and McCormick are part of abroad board shuffleat Meta this year. The social media giant added three new directors in January, including Dana White, the president and chief executive of Ultimate Fighting Championship, the mixed martial arts company.
Some of the recent board changes are widely viewed – along with Meta’s$1 million donationto Trump’s inauguration and its$25 million lawsuit settlementto Trump – as effortsto help neutera potential Trump administration crackdown on large technology companies, which some conservatives have accused of censoring their views.
White, for example, has been friendly with Trump and spoke at recent Republican national conventions.
InFebruary, Meta’s board increased the target bonus percentage for company executives from 75% to200% of their base salaries, excluding CEO Mark Zuckerberg, according to a securities filing. Directors said they had concluded that Meta’s total cash compensation for executives “was at or below 15th percentile” of executives at a group of peer companies.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Justin Grooms, who was promoted to the checkout software firm’s CEO post this year, is taking its strategy to the next level with merchant clients.
The student loan sale is the latest loose end Discover seeks to tie up since Capital One announced its intent to purchase the card company.
Subscribe to Payments Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Want to share a company announcement with your peers?
Share your announcement➔
Justin Grooms, who was promoted to the checkout software firm’s CEO post this year, is taking its strategy to the next level with merchant clients.
The student loan sale is the latest loose end Discover seeks to tie up since Capital One announced its intent to purchase the card company.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines