“Perfect Coca-Cola!” – Jim Cramer’s On Coca-Cola Company (KO)
2025-04-13 21:44
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/perfect-coca-cola-jim-cramer-214426082.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed.On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially acts as an embargo rather than a conventional tariff.“We now have 145% tariff on Chinese goods. Now, a number that high frankly isn’t really a tariff. It’s more of an embargo. Almost nobody’s gonna pay that much of a markup. It’s a recipe for losing money.”READ ALSO 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar Recently and Jim Cramer Talked About These 8 StocksCramer said that he believes Trump is more frustrated with prior administrations for what he sees as allowing China to take advantage of U.S. trade policy than he is with President Xi Jinping himself, who Trump continues to speak of respectfully. While Cramer acknowledged that he sympathizes with Trump’s objective, he warned that the country is not prepared to handle the fallout. “As a nation, shamefully, we’ve gotten addicted to cheap Chinese imports,” he said“I think what we saw today was the beginning of a sorting period between those that have no China exposure and those that do. Unfortunately, those that do employ a lot of people and are excellent companies, but they may not be excellent enough to make it through this new environment and that is a real shame.”Cramer emphasized that while he believes the U.S. can function without economic ties to China, doing so would significantly raise domestic costs, drive up unemployment, and force reliance on other global partners. The stakes, he said, are enormous. “Yes, we have to take them on now or never,” he stated, but he cautioned that the consequences will involve more pain than the public is likely prepared to accept.“So the bottom line: Is it worth it? Depends. I think it’s worth some temporary pain to drive a hard bargain though and get a more favorable trade deal out of the Chinese government. But it’s not worth it to go back… [from] $439 billion in imports to zero. Unfortunately, I’m actually thinking that might be where we’For this article, we compiled a list of 12 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money aired on April 10. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the fourth quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 81The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) produces nonalcoholic drinks that include soft drinks, water, tea, juice, and plant-based options. It also supplies beverage concentrates and syrups for sale through retail channels. During the episode, Cramer stated, “Utility, Verizon, perfect Coca-Cola, Waste Management. Yeah, these are timeless.”On March 31, during an episode of Squawk on the Street, Cramer mentioned The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) and said:“In terms of shorting, like if you wanna short, do you short Coca-Cola? No, cause Coca-Cola in 2000, after the NASDAQ broke, was really a terrific stock to own… Look at that April 14th to April 17th 2000 period when we had this dramatic switch. Which was rather incredible, which was the fastest I’ve seen where Coca-Cola went from being a loser to a winner. I think we’re there. Coca-Cola’s having a good quarter.”Overall, KO ranks 7th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of KO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than KO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim […]We recently published a list of 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) stands against other stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar. On Thursday, Mad Money host Jim Cramer cautioned viewers about what may lie ahead once the 90-day pause on […]CME Group and S&P Global have agreed to sell OSTTRA to investment funds managed by investment firm KKR for an enterprise value of $3.1 billion.We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But more recently, […]The current US air traffic control system is under strain, seeing more tarmac delays year after year, and a slew of high-profile plane crashes in the past year. Former US Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao says the US still has "the safest system in the world" and is "considered the gold standard" for aviation, but does admit that technological changes need to keep up with the times. National Business Aviation Association President and CEO Edward Bolen agrees that the US "needs to invest in people, facilities and equipment so they can respond in a dynamic way." Heather Krause of the GAO breaks down ways to mitigate air travel risk.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettRetiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
