Title: This S&P 500 Stock Soared While the Market Plunged. Is It Still a Buy Now_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 08-51
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/this-sp-500-stock-soared-while-the-market-plunged/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=d6488fe6-22dc-4e3c-b447-6fa7e05beca2&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Roughly four out of five S&P 500 (^GSPC -3.46%) stocks are in negative territory in 2025. Most of those stocks weren't immune to the meltdown that occurred in recent days following President Trump's "Liberation Day" announcement of steep reciprocal tariffs.
However, most doesn't mean all. At least one S&P 500 stock soared as the market plunged. What is this outlier -- and is it still a smart pick to buy?
UnitedHealth Group (UNH 2.89%) has delivered a solid gain this year. Shares of the health insurance giant even held up pretty well in the immediate aftermath of the president's introduction of universal reciprocal tariffs.
What's more remarkable about UnitedHealth Group's performance in 2025 is that its strength especially showed up as the S&P 500 fell. At one point, the health insurance stock was down roughly 8% year to date, with an article in The Wall Street Journal that was critical of Medicare Advantage plans rattling some investors. The S&P 500 remained in positive territory at the time.
However, UnitedHealth Group went on a tear beginning in late February. This pivot was right around the time the overall stock market began to flounder.
The S&P 500 and other major market indexes have continued to languish as worries about a potential global trade war and recession mount. But UnitedHealth Group's momentum has accelerated.
How has UnitedHealth Group's stock been so resilient while the S&P 500 slid into a sharp correction and came close to entering a bear market? One key reason is that the company's business is, for all practical purposes, immune to the negative impacts of tariffs.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025
Health insurers don't import products from other countries. Sure, UnitedHealth Group has operations in Europe and South America. However, those businesses don't affect what the company does in the U.S. or vice versa.
Furthermore, healthcare stocks as a group are often viewed as safe havens by many investors when there's significant uncertainty. Not only is UnitedHealth Group's business on solid ground during these times, but so are the businesses of many of the healthcare providers that its Optum unit serves.
UnitedHealth Group and other health insurers also received great news on April 8, from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). The agency announced a higher-than-expected payment increase in 2026 for Medicare Advantage plans.
The Senate confirmation of former TV show host and heart surgeon Dr. Mehmet Oz could bode well for UnitedHealth's prospects, too. Oz has been a longtime advocate of Medicare Advantage plans.
Investors looking for a relatively stable stock to buy amid the overall market turbulence could like UnitedHealth Group. Its business is solid and continues to grow. The stock is also reasonably valued, with a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 17.6.
UnitedHealth Group looks even more of a compelling choice factoring in its growth prospects. Its price-to-earnings-to-growth (PEG) ratio, which incorporates analysts' five-year earnings growth projections, is 0.93, according to financial markets data and infrastructure provider LSEG. Any PEG ratio below 1.0 is considered to be an attractive valuation.
Income investors will probably like UnitedHealth Group's track record of increasing its dividend for 16 consecutive years. However, the health insurer's forward dividend yield of only 1.52% isn't anything to get excited about.
I think there are two things to be aware of before investing in UnitedHealth Group, though.
First, the company's OptumRx ranks as one of the largest pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) in the U.S. PBMs have come under intense scrutiny by regulatory agencies. Both Democrats and Republicans in the U.S. Congress have criticized PBMs for allegedly contributing to higher healthcare costs. It's possible that the federal government could crack down on PBMs and hurt UnitedHealth Group's business.
Second, safe haven stocks sometimes don't perform well when the stock market is surging. No one knows how long the current market malaise will continue. Should negotiations between the U.S. and its major trading partners result in the removal or reduction of steep tariffs, stocks could again take off. UnitedHealth Group may or may not be one of them.



Before you buy stock in UnitedHealth Group, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and UnitedHealth Group wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


Keith Speights has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends UnitedHealth Group. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 04/10/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
