Title: Is Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) the Best Bargain Stock to Buy in May?
Date: 2025-04-14 23:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-best-231711370.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May.
While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment manager, expects that negotiations can bring some relief to initial tariff proposals. Furthermore, the firm anticipates a sharply slower growth than a US recession. Also, it believes that stimulus in Europe and China can rejuvenate global industrial activity, and the firm recommends styles, sectors, and regions that are most geared to it.
Given that a significant amount of tariff shock has now been priced in, Neuberger Berman is constructive on global equities for the remainder of the year. The firm expects that an ongoing recovery in the global industrial economy might be dampened but not derailed. The underlying momentum in the goods economy is expected to support equities that are most levered to it. Furthermore, the firm prefers value over growth (which is relatively expensive) and small caps over large caps. While an overdose of growth-inhibiting policy can impact the relatively healthy economy and push it into recession, the investment management firm believes that the US hasn’t yet reached that point. As per the firm, performance during the decline demonstrates relative strength in some of the more cyclical economic sectors in the US and around the world. The goods-oriented sectors, regions, and styles continue to outperform amidst the recent sell-off.
READ ALSO: 7 Best Stocks to Buy For Long-Term and 8 Cheap Jim Cramer Stocks to Invest In.
S&P Global expects inflation to remain closer to 3.0% in 2025 as tariffs raise the prices along the domestic supply chain as well as for the end consumers. For 2026, the firm expects growth to pick up after a slow start. This is because of the abatement of uncertainty associated with the structure of tariffs and the further easing of the policy rate by the Federal Reserve. Also, the growth is expected to be aided partly because of a more favorable growth backdrop in the eurozone, which can help expand US exports.
Neuberger Berman opines that a combination of improving fundamentals and stabilizing risks increased the optimism in the energy sector. As per the firm, increased global industrial activity is expected to continue to buoy oil demand and keep prices aloft. Furthermore, energy seems to be the most undervalued sector in the S&P 500 relative to the current and expected earnings growth. The investment management firm believes that much of the negative news, including regulatory concerns and geopolitical risks, seem to be factored in. This suggests that energy stocks can increase as the sentiment improves.
To list the 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May, we used a screener to shortlist the companies that trade at a forward P/E of less than ~20.0x. Next, we chose the ones that analysts see upside to, as of April 11. We also mentioned hedge fund sentiments around each stock, as of Q4 2024. Finally, the stocks were arranged in the ascending order of their hedge fund sentiments.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Aerial view of a major oil rig in the middle of the sea, pumping crude oil.
Forward P/E as of April 11: ~13.4x
Average Upside Potential: ~22.1%
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 104
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas. Jason Gabelman, an analyst from TD Cowen, remains optimistic about the company’s stock, given its focus on maintaining a reasonable near-term valuation. This, together with the clear pathway to FCF growth, continues to support the analyst’s optimism. Furthermore, Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM)’s strategic efforts in upgrading the portfolio while, at the same time, managing its capital expenditures effectively with the help of technology-driven efficiencies and a healthy project organization cement its financial health. Given the structural cost reductions achieved over the past few years and a commitment to value creation, the company exhibits potential for sustainable growth, says the analyst.
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM)’s expansion into the low-carbon power sector offers strong growth potential. With the global energy markets pivoting towards cleaner sources, its investments in this area can place it well as a leader in the energy transition. Furthermore, the diversification can result in the opening up of new revenue streams, which can attract environmentally-conscious investors and can potentially offset the risks related to the future regulations on fossil fuels. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) remains focused on positioning itself for future growth via strategic initiatives. It is expected to leverage synergies from its Pioneer Natural Resources acquisition.
Overall, XOM ranks 9th on our list of best bargain stocks to buy in May. While we acknowledge the potential of XOM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some deeply undervalued AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for a deeply undervalued AI stock that is more promising than XOM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
