Title: ExxonMobil Begins Installing Fourth FPSO to Tap Guyana's Reserves
Date: 2025-04-16 12:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxonmobil-begins-installing-fourth-fpso-120500291.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM is moving closer to expanding its oil output in Guyana, as its fourth floating production storage and offloading (FPSO) vessel, One Guyana, begins the installation process offshore. This initiative, confirmed by Guyana’s maritime authority earlier this week, marks a significant step toward the rapid development of the country’s prolific Stabroek Block.
Built by SBM Offshore, the One Guyana FPSO has a production capacity of 250,000 barrels per day. It departed Singapore in mid-February and reached Guyanese waters this week. Once operational, the vessel is expected to help push the consortium’s total production capacity to around 940,000 barrels per day by the end of 2025.
The FPSO will support the development of ExxonMobil's Yellowtail and Redtail fields, both located within the giant Stabroek Block. With over 11 billion barrels of recoverable resources discovered, the block has become one of the most significant offshore oil finds in recent history.
After recent upgrades, the company produced an average of 616,000 barrels per day from its three operational FPSOs in 2024. The addition of One Guyana marks a significant step toward boosting that number.
ExxonMobil confirmed the vessel's arrival in a recent statement, noting that production from the Yellowtail project is expected to commence later this year, once installation and well work are complete. According to shipping data, One Guyana is currently positioned near Exxon’s three active FPSOs in Guyanese waters.
With two more FPSOs scheduled to arrive over the next two years, ExxonMobil is signaling continued confidence in Guyana's role as a key pillar of its upstream growth strategy. The rapid deployment of infrastructure and consistent production ramp-ups suggest that the South American nation is poised to become a major player in global oil markets, with ExxonMobil at the helm.Top of Form
Bottom of Form
ExxonMobil currently carries a Zack Rank #4 (Sell).
Investors interested in the energy sector may look at some better-ranked stocks like Archrock Inc. AROC, Delek Logistics Partners, LP DKL and Kinder Morgan, Inc. KMI. While Archrock and Delek Logistics Partners presently sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) each, Kinder Morgan carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Archrock is an energy infrastructure company based in the United States with a focus on midstream natural gas compression. AROC provides natural gas contract compression services and generates stable fee-based revenues.
Archrock’s earnings beat estimates in three of the trailing four quarters and met once, delivering an average surprise of 8.81%.
Delek Logistics Partners manages and owns systems for moving and storing oil and other products. The company operates pipelines that transport crude oil and refined products like gasoline and diesel. DKL also collects crude oil from different areas and stores it in tanks.
Delek Logistics Partners’ earnings beat estimates in two of the trailing four quarters, met once and missed on the other, delivering an average surprise of 79.75%.
Kinder Morgan is a leading North American midstream player with a stable and resilient business model, largely driven by take-or-pay contracts, which ensure consistent earnings and facilitate reliable capital returns to shareholders. KMI operates one of the largest natural gas pipeline networks, positioning it to benefit from the projected increase in U.S. natural gas demand by 2030.
Kinder Morgan’s earnings beat estimates in one of the trailing four quarters, met once and missed in the other two, delivering an average negative surprise of 1.85%.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Delek Logistics Partners, L.P. (DKL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Archrock, Inc. (AROC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
