Title: Microsoft signs large carbon removal deal backing AtmosClear's Louisiana project
Date: 2025-04-15 09:03
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-signs-large-carbon-removal-090352364.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -Microsoft said on Tuesday it signed a contract for a project in Louisiana that would remove 6.75 million metric tons of carbon dioxide over 15 years, which it says is the world's biggest permanent carbon removal project to date.
The technology giant's greenhouse gas emissions were 29.1% higher than 2020 levels last year amid growing demand for energy for artificial intelligence uses and it last reported annual greenhouse gas emissions of 17.2 million tons at the end of 2023.
The bioenergy carbon capture and storage project being developed by carbon capture company AtmosClear is located at the Port of Greater Baton Rouge and will use materials like sugarcane bagasse and forest trimmings to generate energy and capture the associated carbon emissions and store them underground.
The agreement is a part of Microsoft's goal to become carbon negative by 2030.
The announcement comes amid uncertainty about the future of U.S. carbon removal and sequestration projects, which have been incentivized over the last few years by an $85 a ton federal tax credit known as 45Q. The Trump administration is seeking to reverse numerous decarbonization incentives put in place during former President Joe Biden's time in office in upcoming budget negotiations.
The companies did not comment on whether the project would proceed if the tax credit is scaled back or repealed by the Trump administration.
Fidelis, the Texas-based company that owns AtmosClear, said it expects to use the 45Q tax credit for the carbon sequestration component of the project.
Fidelis has estimated that the project will result in more than $800 million of investment and around 75 permanent and 600 construction jobs, and could revive forestry management jobs in the region that had been impacted by recent mill closures.
Brian Marrs, Microsoft's senior director of energy and carbon, said in a statement the technology giant valued the deal's emphasis on jobs in local agricultural communities. It would also show Louisiana's leadership in becoming a hub for carbon management research and applied technology, he said.
Louisiana state officials have been lobbying the U.S. Department of Energy and the state's congressional delegation over the last few days to urge them to save federal funding to support the state's planned Direct Air Capture hub in Calcasieu Parish, as well as the 45Q tax credit.
Construction of the plant would begin in 2026, with commercial operations slated to start in 2029.
(Reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Jamie Freed)
President Donald Trump bitterly attacked “60 Minutes” shortly after the CBS newsmagazine broadcast stories on Ukraine and Greenland on Sunday, saying the network was out of control and should “pay a big price” for going after him.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Monday suggested that he might temporarily exempt the auto industry from tariffs he previously imposed on the sector, to give carmakers time to adjust their supply chains.
Deepening the U.S.-Canada relationship is the obvious play, and it should not be difficult to accomplish
CALGARY — Hundreds of kilometres up the Pacific coast from where Canada’s first liquefied natural gas export terminal is set to start up this summer, a monster lays dormant.
Carlo Dade: The only deal on the table from the Americans is the certainty of humiliation in exchange for an illusion
Spiking yields are credited with forcing the president's stunning about-face on tariffs. Here's why bonds are boss
The Canadian dollar's current value is something of a change for the not-so-long-ago beleaguered currency
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Rancher Brett Kenzy hopes President Donald Trump's tariffs will make imported beef expensive enough that Americans will turn to cattle raised at home for all their hamburgers and steaks.
U.S. President Donald Trump's trade war with China comes at a bad time for sorghum growers like Dan Atkisson in Kansas, who is nevertheless preparing to increase plantings by 25% this spring.  China accounted for nearly 90% of U.S. sorghum exports last year, ramping up purchases of the crop it uses to feed livestock and make fiery baijiu liquor.  U.S. sorghum exports to China dropped to 78,316 metric tons in January and February from more than 1.4 million metric tons over the same period a year earlier, down 95%, according to U.S. government data.
The Canadian dollar edged back on Monday from an earlier five-month high against its U.S. counterpart as oil prices fell and investors turned their attention to a Bank of Canada interest rate decision this week.  The loonie was trading 0.1% lower at 1.3875 per U.S. dollar, or 72.07 U.S. cents, after touching its strongest intraday level since November 6, at 1.3829.  “Everyone is looking towards the inflation report for Tuesday and then the Bank of Canada monetary policy decision on Wednesday.”