Title: Why Citi's head of wealth isn't sold on the stock market rally
Date: 2025-05-06 20:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-citis-head-of-wealth-isnt-sold-on-the-stock-market-rally-203018622.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
SANTA MONICA, Calif. — Toss a bucket of cold water on the stock market rally.
"We remain cautious in terms of where to deploy incremental risk assets. Our message has not been to liquidate your portfolio and go to cash. Our message has been, right now, there's great uncertainty. We've seen soft data but not a lot of hard data yet," Citi head of wealth Andy Sieg told Yahoo Finance at the Milken Institute Global Conference on Tuesday.
Sieg noted that there have been "as many downward [earnings] revisions as we've seen in a long, long time." His team is looking for additional information before taking on more risk assets.
"We generally think the market's going to remain in a trading range here over the next few months until some of these things become more visible," he added.
Sieg oversees a global wealth business at Citi with more than $1 trillion in client assets and 13,000 employees.
Strong first quarter earnings reports from Meta (META), Alphabet (GOOGL), and Microsoft (MSFT) in the past two weeks have powered the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) to a 13.5% gain over the past month. That's despite the likes of Apple (AAPL) warning that the Trump tariffs would hit its cost base to the tune of $900 million.
On Monday, the S&P 500 snapped a nine-day winning streak. It marked the longest winning streak for stocks dating back to 2004. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) also ended a nine-day winning streak, its best since 2023.
All three major indexes are in the negative for the year, however, with the Nasdaq leading with an 8.5% drop.
"I think there's two reasons for [the rally]," Nuveen chief investment officer Saira Malik told Yahoo Finance at the Milken Institute Global Conference. "No. 1, when markets tend to go down quickly, they actually recover quickly. So history did repeat itself. And No. 2, I think 'Liberation Day' was peak tariff pain, and we've seen a lot of negotiating since then, and I think markets are starting to appreciate that."
As for Sieg's wealth business at Citi, it's coming off a strong first quarter thanks to a strong market prior to April's "Liberation Day." The division posted revenue of $2.1 billion, leading to a 30% gain in net interest income. Client investment assets were aided by $16.5 billion in net new investment assets, bringing the total to $595 billion. Operating expenses were flat year over year.
Whether Sieg can keep the momentum going amid heightened market volatility is up for debate. The backdrop is such that wealthy investors may think twice before allocating more funds to private and public markets.
That influx of money to wealth management firms has been a driver of asset valuations. If that stalls out, the global asset management industry may see some challenges.
A new report from consulting firm BCG revealed that more than 70% of the industry's $58 billion in revenue growth in 2024 was fueled by market performance rather than investor flows. A slowdown on both fronts could result in a double whammy for the industry.
Read more about what business leaders and top political figures are saying at the 2025 Milken Institute Global Conference:
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent aims to soothe nerves of international investors
Bill Ackman: Trump tariffs on China should be paused and taken down
Private equity titan Robert Smith: Tech stocks are still the place to be
Apollo CEO: I don't agree with Warren Buffett on tariffs
Mattel CEO on Trump tariffs: We'll raise prices and shift where we produce
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram and on LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Wondering where to find value in today's choppy market? These two beaten-down AI stocks could be ready for a rebound.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […]
If student loans don’t cover everything you need as a college student, a personal loan might be an option.
Discover how to legally get out of a title loan and save money with these tips.
Investors who are exhausted by Wall Street's recent volatility might find comfort in the old adage that you should "sell in May and go away." As the name suggests, it essentially recommends unloading...
Smart Beta ETF report for JPEM
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.