Title: China Keeps Adding Gold to Reserves as Challenges Stack Up
Date: 2025-05-07 11:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-keeps-adding-gold-reserves-082921060.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Bloomberg) — China expanded its gold (GC=F) reserves for a sixth straight month in April, underlining its push to boost holdings of the precious metal as prices trade near a record and the trade war rumbles on.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance Center
NYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee Law
Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch
Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future
NJ Transit Strike Would Be ‘Disaster’ for Region, Sherrill Says
Bullion held by the People’s Bank of China rose by about 70,000 troy ounces last month, according to data on Wednesday. In the latest six-month span, volumes have climbed by close to 1 million ounces, or about 30 tons.
Gold has rallied to successive records this year, supported by concerted central-bank buying as authorities seek to diversify holdings away from the US dollar. Bullion’s upswing — with prices up nearly 30% higher this year — has also been aided by rising investment demand as the US-led trade war unsettles financial markets, raises concern about US assets, and drives haven demand.
In China, there have been signs investors are piling into gold, with volumes on the Shanghai Futures Exchange surging to a record in recent weeks. The voracious onshore appetite has also seen the PBOC issuing fresh quotas for commercial banks to import bullion.
At the same time, the Chinese authorities have moved to shore up support for the economy, and set the stage for trade talks with senior US officials later this week. On Wednesday, Beijing reduced its policy rate and lowered the amount of cash lenders must keep in reserve, highlighting efforts to buttress growth.
Central banks have increased their gold purchases roughly five-fold since 2022, after a freeze on Russian reserves, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which has been among the most vocal bullion bulls in recent months. The trend is likely “a structural shift in reserve-management behavior, and we do not expect a near-term reversal,” analysts said in a March note.
At that time, the bank estimated that the PBOC held around 8% of its reserves in gold, below the global average of about 20%, and also far lower than the elevated share seen in some developed economies. If Beijing were targeting an allocation of 20%, and maintained an average pace of about 40 tons a month, it would take about three years to reach a that level, the analysts said.
“The modest volumes bought over the last few months suggest that while they are buyers, they will only do so if the price is attractive,” said Ross Norman, chief executive officer at Metals Daily. “Likely we will see ongoing purchases of gold by PBoC, as they scale back on US dollar denominated assets such as Treasuries.”
—With assistance from Jack Ryan.
(Updates with comment from CEO of Metals Daily in last paragraph)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott
Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump
Why Juggling IVF With Work Can Be a Career Killer
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) provides a range of financial services for corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals in the U.S. and internationally. If You Bought Goldman Sachs Stock 10 Years Ago The company's stock traded at ...
We recently published a list of Billionaire Chris Hohn’s 8 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Canadian National Railway Company (NYSE:CNI) stands against other Billionaire Chris Hohn’s stock picks with huge upside potential. The Children’s Investment Fund Management, also known as TCI Fund Management, […]
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump is pushing lawmakers to increase tax rates on some of the wealthiest Americans as a way to offset other cuts in his signature economic package.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign Tourists Due to Trump Polici
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.