Title: Goldman Sachs BDC (GSBD) Misses Q1 Earnings and Revenue Estimates
Date: 2025-05-08 22:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-sachs-bdc-gsbd-misses-224507054.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Goldman Sachs BDC (GSBD) came out with quarterly earnings of $0.41 per share, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.43 per share. This compares to earnings of $0.54 per share a year ago. These figures are adjusted for non-recurring items.
This quarterly report represents an earnings surprise of -4.65%. A quarter ago, it was expected that this specialty finance company would post earnings of $0.50 per share when it actually produced earnings of $0.47, delivering a surprise of -6%.
Over the last four quarters, the company has surpassed consensus EPS estimates two times.
Goldman Sachs BDC , which belongs to the Zacks Financial - SBIC & Commercial Industry industry, posted revenues of $96.94 million for the quarter ended March 2025, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 4.62%. This compares to year-ago revenues of $111.54 million. The company has not been able to beat consensus revenue estimates over the last four quarters.
The sustainability of the stock's immediate price movement based on the recently-released numbers and future earnings expectations will mostly depend on management's commentary on the earnings call.
Goldman Sachs BDC shares have lost about 13.6% since the beginning of the year versus the S&P 500's decline of -4.3%.
While Goldman Sachs BDC has underperformed the market so far this year, the question that comes to investors' minds is: what's next for the stock?
There are no easy answers to this key question, but one reliable measure that can help investors address this is the company's earnings outlook. Not only does this include current consensus earnings expectations for the coming quarter(s), but also how these expectations have changed lately.
Empirical research shows a strong correlation between near-term stock movements and trends in earnings estimate revisions. Investors can track such revisions by themselves or rely on a tried-and-tested rating tool like the Zacks Rank, which has an impressive track record of harnessing the power of earnings estimate revisions.
Ahead of this earnings release, the estimate revisions trend for Goldman Sachs BDC: mixed. While the magnitude and direction of estimate revisions could change following the company's just-released earnings report, the current status translates into a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) for the stock. So, the shares are expected to perform in line with the market in the near future. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
It will be interesting to see how estimates for the coming quarters and current fiscal year change in the days ahead. The current consensus EPS estimate is $0.42 on $100.51 million in revenues for the coming quarter and $1.67 on $401.02 million in revenues for the current fiscal year.
Investors should be mindful of the fact that the outlook for the industry can have a material impact on the performance of the stock as well. In terms of the Zacks Industry Rank, Financial - SBIC & Commercial Industry is currently in the bottom 28% of the 250 plus Zacks industries. Our research shows that the top 50% of the Zacks-ranked industries outperform the bottom 50% by a factor of more than 2 to 1.
Another stock from the broader Zacks Finance sector, MidCap Financial Investment (MFIC), has yet to report results for the quarter ended March 2025. The results are expected to be released on May 12.
This investment company is expected to post quarterly earnings of $0.39 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of -11.4%. The consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 1.3% higher over the last 30 days to the current level.
MidCap Financial Investment's revenues are expected to be $82.29 million, up 20.4% from the year-ago quarter.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. (GSBD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
MidCap Financial Investment Corporation (MFIC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.