Title: Goldman Sachs’ Profit Rises 15% and Tops Expectations as Trading Surges
Date: 2025-04-14 19:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/ba16d2cb-64de-35bb-bff1-818fe55bab84/goldman-sachs%E2%80%99-profit-rises.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Goldman Sachs on Monday reported first-quarter profit that beat analyst expectations as tumultuous markets proved a double-edged sword. The bank’s trading business boomed, benefiting from market swings, while revenue from investment bankers’ advisory work declined. Goldman’s stock and bond traders took advantage of volatile markets, which can create opportunities for making big bets.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.'s stock traders posted their highest quarterly revenue haul on record, riding a wave of volatility triggered by an emerging global trade war that's roiled financial markets. KBW Analyst of Large Cap Banks David Konrad has more on the story.
Goldman Sachs JPMorgan  Chase and  Morgan Stanley  all said a surge in trading revenue helped lift their profits in the first quarter and beat expectations.  Bank trading desks have been collecting more fees from investors scrambling to reduce or dial up the risk in their portfolios on any new clue about how  President Trump’s  tariffs might ultimately play out.  Combined, the three banks earned more than $12 billion in fees in their equities businesses, the desks that run stock-market related activities for clients.
A surge in trading activity fueled by investor uncertainty about President Trump’s policies is minting money for  Goldman Sachs  and other big banks.  The Wall Street firm joined  JPMorgan Chase  and  Morgan Stanley  in reporting a bigger profit for the first quarter, fueled by record revenue in its equities trading and lending unit.  Banks have been raking in fees as investors reposition their portfolios in anticipation of how Trump’s trade and other economic policies might rattle markets.
GS first quarter 2025 results reflect a rise in the Global Banking & Markets division, with record Equity trading revenues.
Goldman Sachs's equity-trading revenue rose 27% from a year earlier to $4.19 billion in the first quarter as stock traders posted their highest quarterly revenue haul on record. Sonali Basak reports on Bloomberg Television.
Sales at  LVMH  Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton fell again as worry about the economy curbed demand for luxury goods.  LVMH reported first-quarter revenue of €20.3 billion ($23.1 billion), down 2% from a year earlier.  LVMH stock, which is listed on the Paris stock exchange, closed 1% higher on Monday, before the company disclosed the numbers.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Goldman Sachs beat first-quarter profit estimates as its traders capitalized on volatile markets to bring in record equities revenue, but the bank's CEO warned of a difficult environment ahead.  The Wall Street bank joined rivals JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley in reporting higher profits, but investors are more focused on future projections as tariffs increase inflation and recession risks.  "While we are entering the second quarter with a markedly different operating environment than earlier this year, we remain confident in our ability to continue to support our clients," said CEO David Solomon, who noted the "great uncertainty" that hung over markets in the first quarter.
Coming Up: Retail sales, Housing Starts, Earnings From Goldman Sachs, TSMC, Netflix, UnitedHealth Group, and More
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.