Title: Tariffs to Impact Millions of Chinese Workers in Blow to Economy
Date: 2025-04-15 02:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tariffs-impact-millions-chinese-workers-060000128.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- As China staggers into a slowdown caused by Donald Trump’s trade war, a hobbled jobs market is impairing the resilience Beijing needs to battle it out against the US.
Most Read from Bloomberg
How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
Trump’s 145% tariffs on China’s goods are threatening to obliterate its access to the world’s biggest economy, with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. estimating that up to 20 million people — or about 3% of the labor force — may be exposed to US-bound exports. A full economic divorce would roil a workforce already drained by widespread salary cuts and layoffs.
On top of an uncertain business outlook, productivity gains from China’s adoption of artificial intelligence and automation likely contributed to slowing demand for employment despite an uninterrupted economic recovery during the first months of the Trump presidency.
Listen to the Here’s Why podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen.
Helped by government support deployed in late 2024, growth barely slowed in the first quarter to stay above 5% from a year earlier, according to most economists, outpacing the target set by Beijing.
By contrast, a measure of job openings compiled by Paris-based QuantCube Technology plunged nearly 30% from a year ago over the past two months, based on a data set that tracked online postings from over 2,000 companies.
An index of future hiring plans fell in March to a six-month low, according to results of a poll of mostly private companies surveyed by the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business, or CKGSB. The employment sub-gauge of China’s non-manufacturing purchasing managers’ index is also in decline.
“The fourth quarter stimulus hasn’t translated into the labor market yet,” said Duncan Wrigley, chief China economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics. “Companies want a more certain economic outlook before ramping up hiring.”
Exports have an outsized impact on employment, supporting about 120 million jobs in manufacturing and related services industries, according to an estimate by China Galaxy Securities in 2023. That’s almost a fifth of the overall workforce.
The labor market’s exposure to trade with the US is also significant. Goldman Sachs sees between 10 and 20 million workers linked to exports there. Citigroup Inc. estimates shipments to America could be connected to about 9 million urban jobs.
Chronic weakness in the jobs market is a major obstacle for a campaign to revive consumption, a priority for China’s leadership as it tried to engineer a turnaround in the face of a prolonged property crisis.
Employment has been under pressure from challenges both at home and abroad, according to Wang Xiaoping, minister of human resources and social security. She spoke last month on the sidelines of the annual session of China’s legislature, which set the goal of adding more than 12 million urban jobs in 2025.
China’s struggle to make headway with jobs loomed large even as the economy powered ahead in early 2025 after ending last year by growing at the fastest clip in six quarters.
Adding to a late policy blitz, a recovery in private corporate sentiment provided a boost, especially after homegrown start-up DeepSeek’s AI breakthrough and President Xi Jinping’s high-profile meeting with entrepreneurs including Jack Ma.
Businesses reported rising confidence in sales and financing in the first three months, according to indexes built by CKGSB on the basis of its poll, which found the highest optimism in almost two years.
The economy’s strong run in the first few months likely convinced China’s central bank to delay monetary easing so far this year. Officials have yet to cut interest rates or lower the amount of cash banks must set in reserves, despite heightened expectations over the past few months.
Further evidence of green shoots appeared in demand for heavy equipment, a reflection of front-loaded government efforts to fund infrastructure projects by means of record bond sales.
China’s excavator sales surged 29% in March from a year ago, the fastest expansion for that month since 2021. The government’s net debt issuance surged to 1.5 trillion yuan ($206 billion) in February, nearly triple the amount it raised in the same month in 2024.
Indicators compiled by QuantCube show that exports’ contribution to economic growth remained stable as of the beginning of April. Consumption picked up thanks to a recovery in housing-related spending in recent weeks.
QuantCube, an alternative data provider, bases its estimates of economic growth on high-frequency statistics such as transportation figures, online shopping orders and satellite data.
“The first quarter of 2025 has continued the upward momentum seen in the fourth quarter across all sectors,” said Thanh-Long Huynh, chief executive officer and co-founder of QuantCube.
Jumpstarting consumption will grow more daunting in the absence of a more upbeat outlook for employment. To offset the shock of sweeping US tariffs, Beijing needs to ramp up domestic demand and help offset the loss of a market that absorbed $525 billion of Chinese goods last year.
Bloomberg Economics estimates that a wipe-out of China’s shipments to the US would leave as much as 3% of its gross domestic product at risk. Goldman Sachs, which is among global banks that cut their forecast for China’s GDP growth, now forecasts a gain of 4% in 2025, down from 4.5% previously.
The US announced late Friday that it exempted smartphones, computers and other electronics from its so-called reciprocal tariffs. That could provide some relief for Chinese exporters, since the exclusion covers more than $101 billion in goods from the country.
Still, expectations are rising that Chinese policymakers will roll out greater stimulus to help the economy achieve the official target of around 5% growth this year. While officials have already signaled they’re pivoting to boosting consumption this year, measures enacted so far remain limited.
As a result, confidence among households has yet to turn a corner. An index constructed by Morning Consult Intelligence shows consumer sentiment weakened in early 2025 from last year, based on the firm’s daily survey.
“The combination of extremely high US tariffs, sharply declining exports to the US, and a slowing global economy is expected to generate substantial pressures on the Chinese economy and labor market,” Goldman economists led by Andrew Tilton said in a report.
--With assistance from James Mayger.
(Updates with additional details in eigth and ninth paragraphs.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Advanced Micro Devices' Chief Executive Lisa Su said on Tuesday that it is ready to start chip production at TSMC's plant in Arizona and will certainly make more AI servers in the U.S.  Su was speaking to reporters at National Taiwan University in Taipei.  U.S. President Donald Trump said on Sunday he would be announcing the tariff rate on imported semiconductors this week, adding that there would be flexibility with some companies in the sector.
Trump wants low interest rates, but his own tariffs are pushing them higher. Investors now fear some unorthodox scheme to force rates down that could end up even worse than tariffs.
The filing in federal court in Texas by the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and business groups that brought the case asked U.S. District Judge Mark Pittman in Fort Worth to enter a final order terminating the late fee rule.  Pittman had previously blocked the CFPB from implementing the rule, which was part of Democratic President Joe Biden's broader crackdown on "junk fees,” though Trump’s Republican administration could have defended the rule on appeal.
(Bloomberg) -- TikTok users in the US are being inundated with videos from Chinese influencers encouraging American buyers to overcome punitive Trump tariffs by buying direct from the “world’s factory” — China.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageMostly filmed at Chinese fa
Taiwan will simulate the impact of any U.S. tariffs on the semiconductor industry and seek talks with Washington on the issue, the island's economy minister said on Tuesday.  The Trump administration is probing the import of chips, along with pharmaceuticals, in a bid to impose tariffs on both on grounds that extensive reliance on foreign production of semiconductors and medicine is a national security threat.  The United States relies heavily on chips imported from Taiwan, a reliance former President Joe Biden sought to end during his term by granting billions of dollars in Chips Act awards to lure chipmakers to expand production in the country.
In the latest development in Trump's whipsawing trade war, he said he was considering a modificationto the 25% tariffs imposed on foreign auto and auto parts imports from Mexico, Canada and other places.  The Trump administration had announced on Friday that it would grant exclusions from tariffs on smartphones, computers and some other electronic goods, most of which are imported from China.  On Sunday, Trump said he would announce the tariff rate on imported semiconductors over the next week and a Monday Federal Register filing showed the administration had begun an investigation into imports of semiconductors on April 1.
Still, currency markets were a lot calmer in early Asian hours after last week's turmoil that badly bruised the dollar despite a surge in Treasury yields, highlighting the shaky investor confidence in the greenback and U.S. assets.  Market focus has been on the ever-shifting tariff headlines with the U.S. removing smartphones and other electronics from its duties on China over the weekend providing some relief, although comments from President Donald Trump suggested the reprieve is likely to be for a short time.  Trump's imposition and then abrupt postponement of tariffs on goods imported to the U.S. has sowed confusion, adding to the uncertainty for investors and policymakers around the world.
TOKYO (Reuters) -Global markets are experiencing volatility from uncertainty over U.S. tariff policy but not seeing a huge decline in short-term liquidity, a senior Bank of Japan official said on Tuesday.  Global stock, currency and bond markets have whipsawed due to President Donald Trump's back-and-forth comments on tariffs, with some analysts seeing the recent sharp declines in U.S. Treasuries and the dollar as a sign markets are losing confidence in the safe-have status of U.S. assets.
Remediation costs for meeting stricter regulations and weaker discretionary spending by consumers bled Star Entertainment dry, resulting in a loss of A$136 million ($86.2 million) on an underlying basis for the six months ended December 31.  The Visible Alpha consensus was for a loss of A$93.9 million.  Star Entertainment had reported an underlying profit of A$25 million in the same period a year earlier.
Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.