Title: Goldman Tops Q1 Earnings on Higher Equity Trading Revenues, Stock Up
Date: 2025-04-14 14:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-tops-q1-earnings-higher-140200004.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s GS first-quarter 2025 adjusted earnings per share of $14.12 surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $12.71. This compares favorably with $11.58 in the year-ago quarter.
Find the latest earnings estimates and surprises on the Zacks Earnings Calendar.
Shares of the company gained 1.7% in the pre-market trading on better-than-expected results.
The volatile market lifted Goldman's net revenues in Equities by 27% year over year to $4.2 billion as investors reshuffled their portfolios to mitigate the hit from the new tariffs. Fixed income, currency, and commodities trading revenues rose 2% year over year to $4.4 billion. However, IB fees fell 8% to $1.91 billion in the quarter due to lower advisory fees.
Goldman’s results benefited from solid growth in the Global Banking & Markets division. A decline in provisions was another positive. Yet, the decline in IB business and rise in expenses was concerning.
Net earnings (GAAP basis) of $4.7 billion increased 15% from the prior-year quarter.
Net revenues for the quarter of $15.1 billion rose 6% from the year-ago quarter. Also, the top line surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 0.3%.
Total operating expenses increased 5% year over year to $9.13 billion.
Provision for credit losses was $287 million, down 10% from the prior-year quarter.
The Asset & Wealth Management division generated revenues of $3.68 billion in the reported quarter, down 3% year over year. The decrease reflected significantly lower net revenues in Equity investments and Debt investments, partially offset by higher Management and other fees.
Firmwide assets under supervision were a record $3.17 trillion, up 11.4% from the prior-year quarter.
The Global Banking & Markets division has recorded revenues of $10.71 billion, which increased 10% year over year. The improvement was driven by record net revenues in Equities (including record net revenues in financing) and strong performances in Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (including record net revenues in financing), and Debt underwriting.
The Platform Solutions division’s revenues were $676 million, down 3% year over year.
As of March 31, 2025, the standardized Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 14.8%, up from 14.7% as of March 31, 2024.
The company’s supplementary leverage ratio was 5.5%, up 5.4% year over year.
In the reported quarter, GS returned $5.34 billion in capital to common shareholders. This included $4.36 billion in share repurchases and common stock dividends of $976 million.
Goldman’s focus on IB and trading businesses, along with strong deal-making pipelines, will likely support the top line. Active client engagement and a solid position in announced and completed mergers and acquisitions globally are likely to act as tailwinds in the upcoming period. However, a rise in expenses poses near-term concern.
 
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Quote
Currently, GS carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Raymond James Financial Inc. RJF is slated to report quarterly results on April 23. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for RJF’s fiscal second-quarter 2025 earnings has been revised 3.2% downward to $2.44 per share over the past seven days.
LPL Financial Holdings Inc. LPLA is expected to report quarterly results on April 29. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for LPLA’s fiscal first-quarter 2025 earnings has been unchanged at $4.54 per share over the past seven days.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) : Free Stock Analysis Report
LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (LPLA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Goldman (GS) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 11.09% and 0.27%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
While the top- and bottom-line numbers for Goldman (GS) give a sense of how the business performed in the quarter ended March 2025, it could be worth looking at how some of its key metrics compare to Wall Street estimates and year-ago values.
Trump’s destabilising policy reversals mean that exemptions provide no guarantee of stability for semiconductor companies and the wider technology industry going forward.
While Apple, for example, secured one for the Apple Watch at the time, requests for exemptions for AirPods and HomePod speakers were denied.  Other companies’ exemption requests for wireless earbuds were similarly rejected.  Of nearly 53,000 requests for exemptions from tariffs on Chinese goods filed during Trump’s first term, only 13% were granted, according to a WSJ analysis of government data.
Nvidia  said it would start producing AI supercomputers that will be manufactured entirely in the U.S., a day after the Trump administration said tariffs are coming for semiconductor imports.  The graphics-chip maker said in a blog post Monday morning that it is working with manufacturing partners to design and build factories for domestic AI supercomputer production.  This will be the first time that AI supercomputers, which are used to power data centers that solely process artificial intelligence, will be made completely in the U.S., Nvidia said.
Apple stock rose Monday on news that smartphones, PCs and other electronics received an exemption from U.S. reciprocal tariffs.
Apple (AAPL) received a major reprieve recently from President Donald Trump, Schwab Network Commentator Jenny Horn suggested today. However, Horn also noted that Dan Ives, a well-known analyst for Wedbush Securities, is still warning that there is “mass confusion” about the outlook for U.S. tech names, while Big Tech “remains in flux.” But Horn asserted […]
Nvidia  said on Monday it plans to build AI supercomputers in the U.S.  “The engines of the world’s AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time,” Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in a press release.  “Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain and boosts our resiliency.”
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.