Title: Goldman Says Bear Market Rallies Are the Norm
Date: 2025-05-06 08:33
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/goldman-says-bear-market-rallies-083334215.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Bloomberg) — The steep recovery in equity markets over the past two weeks is typical of bear market rallies, and the erratic swings mean almost every investor will experience pain whichever direction the market suddenly moves.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance Center
NYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee Law
NJ Transit Strike Would Be ‘Disaster’ for Region, Sherrill Says
Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future
Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) strategist Peter Oppenheimer said “the asymmetry for equity investing is poor. Sharp rallies within bear markets are the norm, not the exception.”
The biggest market driver is still uncertainty, with no real long-term bullish or bearish conviction seen from investors. Price action is mainly fueled by short-term headlines and guesswork on how the quickly evolving US tariffs story will be told through corporate earnings and resetting valuations.
“If the tariff announcements are reversed quickly with little lasting economic damage, this does suggest that the downside risks are limited. Nonetheless, at current valuations, we also think the upside is limited,” Oppenheimer wrote in a note.
Investing becomes far more difficult in such a regime, when both upside and downside are seen as limited and decision making is caught in foggy headline risk. Market participants have to choose between chasing a fading rally then risk exiting too late, or missing out entirely on another squeeze higher. They want to avoid trap doors in a tricky macroeconomic environment while still being able to capture opportunities.
“This equities trade is nasty, and the one scenario that nobody wanted,” Nomura Securities cross-asset strategist Charlie McElligott said. Many investors were forced to de-risk when there was zero visibility on tariffs in early April, but are now being forced to buy into a rally very few had enough exposure to fully benefit from its performance.
There is confirmation of “holding your nose and forced to buy-back exposure” playing out in stock-index options, “despite most investors hating the eventual macro growth outlook ahead,” McElligott wrote in a note.
If history is any guide, one of the sharpest intra-month rebounds in stock market history in April may have exhausted gains. Since 1980, the global stock market underwent several bear market rallies, which on average lasted for 44 days and saw gains of 14%. And while this year’s global stocks decline isn’t officially a bear market, prices are up 18% from an intraday low hit on April 7.
“Rates and risk assets will continue to be headline driven,” said Academy Securities macro strategist Peter Tchir. “Policies and deals will take their turns driving markets.” On the plus side are indications of “some cooling” in the US tariff stance on China as well as the US budget getting going, but with the Fed unlikely to help as of now, “a lot has already been priced in,” he noted.
The funding spread — a measure of demand for long exposure through equity derivatives such as swaps, options and futures - has decoupled from the latest leg higher in stocks. “This suggests macro investors trimmed their equity exposure on the recent strength,” Goldman Sachs managing director John Marshall wrote in a separate note. He expects this week to be particularly volatile given the mid-week Federal Reserve meeting, where “commentary regarding June/July will be particularly important.”
Buying from systematic investors is growing steadily and lends a supportive stance to the rally. Goldman Sachs traders noted that buying from systematic macro investors climbed to $51 billion last week, with $57 billion in purchases expected for this week. “The size of the overall buying is not trivial, but also not bigger, because if signals are flipping back and forth quickly it can reduce the immediate pace of the flows, and the volatility environment is higher than before,” they wrote.
Other supporting buying flows during the bounce are arguably looking more stretched. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Tactical Positioning Monitor is currently in a neutral state, with one-week change showing a “moderate positioning increase.”
Hedge fund gross leverage rebounded month-over-month and is now at the 96th percentile on a long-term basis. Meanwhile Mom and Pop kept add more risk. “Retail saw strongest month of buying on our data since 2017, buying both single stocks and ETFs,” according JPMorgan’s Positioning Intelligence team lead by John Schlegel.
—With assistance from Wojciech Moskwa.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
How an Israeli Hostage Negotiator Outsmarts Ransomware Hackers
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
The delay gives the Fed room to breathe and permission to do nothing but watch.
The semiconductor specialist initially rallied on robust results, but some on Wall Street think the future looks cloudy.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil slumped after Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said officials aren’t in a hurry to adjust rates and as tensions between the US and China linger ahead of trade negotiations. Most Read from BloombergThe Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance CenterVail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?West Texas Intermediate futures dipped 1.7% to settle ne
A strong April jobs report may have masked other signs of weakening in the US economy, which has Wall Street increasingly calling for a recession in 2025.
Goldman (GS) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.
The Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.