Title: White Men in the Minority as US Boardrooms Enter New Era
Date: 2025-05-08 12:48
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/white-men-minority-us-boardrooms-110028272.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Bloomberg) -- White men no longer make up the majority of board seats at the largest US companies, a historic shift reflecting decades of pressure to diversify the upper ranks of corporate leadership.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Is Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?
Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch
Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future
As Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of Rights
For the first time, women and non-White men hold just over half, or 50.2%, of the more than 5,500 board seats at S&P 500 companies, according to data compiled for Bloomberg by ISS-Corporate. That compares with five years ago when White men accounted for almost 60% of the directorships.
The question now is whether the shift is a short-term blip or becomes an embedded adjustment in the makeup of the people who oversee companies. The milestone also comes as political and legal attacks on diversity, equity and inclusion efforts are intensifying.
President Donald Trump has purged DEI from the federal government and his agency chiefs are threatening to take action against companies, including Comcast Corp. and Walt Disney Co. At the same time, legal strategists such as Edward Blum are suing companies to get them to drop DEI programs, while anti-DEI activist Robby Starbuck has pressured more than a dozen large companies to roll back their diversity programs, arguing that they may discriminate against White men.
“It’s amazing that the shift in boards is occurring at the same time DEI is being dismantled in lots of organizations,” said David Larcker, a professor who studies corporate governance at Stanford Graduate School of Business. “This sets up an interesting experiment: As the White male majority on the board is disappearing, will you see similar changes in the rest of the organization?”
Larcker is referring to the fact that upper management remains disproportionately White and male. Still, the holy grail for diversity advocates has been the tipping point at which women and people of color are able to match the voting power of White men in the boardroom.
Based on the data, that moment happened last year, said Jun Frank, global head of compensation and governance advisory at ISS-Corporate. White men are now a minority at about 57% of company boards. The ISS-Corporate research also shows that White men are in the minority among chairs of key board committees that help pick new directors and chief executive officers, as well as set compensation.
In another sign of board changes, more than a dozen S&P 500 companies currently have boards that are majority-led by women, including Coca-Cola Co., Cooper Cos. and Williams-Sonoma Inc., according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Demographic changes inside boardrooms got a push in 2019 when California passed a law calling for a minimum number of women on boards. The following year, in the aftermath of the murder of George Floyd by a Minneapolis police officer, brought international attention to the Black Lives Matter movement and corresponding adoption of DEI initiatives by many US companies.
What followed was a string of initiatives. Goldman Sachs Group Inc., a leading investment bank, said it would no longer underwrite initial public offerings for companies unless they had diverse boards. Nasdaq Inc. said it would require listed companies to show they had diverse boards or explain why they didn’t.
The largest US asset managers, including BlackRock Inc. and State Street Corp., withheld votes for directors on boards that lacked diversity, and influential proxy advisers such as Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. pressed investors to consider diversity-related issues when casting ballots. ISS-Corporate is a subsidiary of Institutional Shareholder Services.
Then the backlash began. The California board quota law was overturned in 2022 as unconstitutional. Late last year, Nasdaq said it was eliminating the diversity-reporting requirement after an adverse legal decision. This year, Goldman ended the IPO restriction and BlackRock, State Street and Institutional Shareholder Services removed language encouraging board diversity after Trump issued orders to root out what he calls “illegal DEI.”
Despite the recent animosity, women account for 34% of the board seats at S&P 500 companies, Bloomberg data shows. Black directors have about 12% of the seats, becoming the first underrepresented group to reach a level similar to their share of the broader US population, ISS-Corporate reported. By contrast, Hispanic directors, at about 6% of seats, remain far below their estimated 18% share of the population.
White men occupy about 49% of the S&P 500 board seats. That compares with US Census data showing that White men currently make up about 30% of the US population and about 39% of the workforce, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The US Census projects that the non-White population will become the majority of the country by about 2040. White people will still be the largest single group, followed by the Hispanic population. The Black population is projected to hold steady, according to US Census estimates.
It’s difficult to predict how the shift in director demographics will play out in the boardroom, said Michelle Duguid, an associate professor at the Cornell SC Johnson College of Business, who studies organizational behavior and group dynamics, particularly how social status and power influence decision-making in groups.
The most likely outcome is that because women and men of color currently have majority control over S&P 500 boards, they will have more influence than in the past over who gets considered for future board seats, Duguid said. It’s less clear what it will mean for day-to-day operations at the companies, she said.
A diverse board means that a variety of viewpoints will get consideration, but the goal always centers on achieving the best fiscal outcome for the company, said Deborah Wahl, a former top marketer at General Motors Co. and McDonald’s Inc. and a current director at First American Financial Corp.
“Having a diverse group of people doesn’t guarantee one set of outcomes,” Wahl said. “The priority of board members is to make sure that they’re protecting the company and looking out for shareholder interest.”
--With assistance from Alexandre Tanzi.
(Adds information about committee chairs in the seventh paragraph. An earlier version was corrected to say legal strategists instead of lawyers.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott
Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
Maybe AI Slop Is Killing the Internet, After All
Inside the Dizzying Chaos of Running a Freight Business Under Trump
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Bloomberg) -- Molson Coors Beverage Co. lowered its full-year guidance as the challenging consumer environment in the US drives shoppers away from the company’s products.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsThe Coors Light and Miller Lite manufacturer now expects 2025 underlyin
A faulty printed circuit board connector may result in a blank screen or distorted image when shifting into reverse.
(Bloomberg) -- Toyota Motor Corp. said US President Donald Trump’s tariffs will result in a ¥180 billion ($1.3 billion) hit to operating income in just two months, with the Japanese carmaker joining a growing list of companies grappling with the fallout of trade turmoil.Most Read from BloombergThe Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance CenterVail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Iceland Plans for a
BMW is navigating the fog of tariffs differently —including making an assumption they will partially lift.  The German carmaker reiterated Wednesday expectations for its 2025 financial performance that it first laid out in mid-March.  BMW shares rose in Frankfurt, though that also reflected the company's better-than-expected first-quarter results.
The higher prices will apply to 2025 models of the Maverick, Bronco Sport and Mach-E built after May 2.
Influential proxy advisory firms recommended divergent paths for  Harley-Davidson  investors ahead of a shareholder vote that could shape the motorcycle maker’s future.  ISS said in a report this week that an activist investor, H Partners, hasn’t made a compelling case to remove three members of Harley’s board, each of whom has served for at least 17 years.  Another firm, Glass Lewis, reached a different conclusion.
PepsiCo’s near-$2bn move for Poppi underlines the popularity of prebiotic soda. But how big can the market get? Simon Creasey explores.
BofA Securities analyst Jessica Reif Ehrlich maintained a Neutral rating on Comcast Corp (NASDAQ:CMCSA) with a price forecast of $38 on Thursday. Comcast remains focused on its six growth pillars, and Theme Parks represent an area that will generate strong near-term growth while also offering significant longer-term opportunities. Universal plans to expand existing destinations, bring Universal to new domestic markets with new concepts, and grow its global footprint. Also Read: Comcast Faces Ana
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.