Title: If You Invested $10K In Goldman Sachs Stock 10 Years Ago, How Much Would You Have Now?
Date: 2025-05-08 18:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invested-10k-goldman-sachs-stock-183748868.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Benzinga and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue on some items through the links below.
Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) provides a range of financial services for corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals in the U.S. and internationally.
The company's stock traded at approximately $197.29 per share 10 years ago. If you had invested $10,000, you could have bought roughly 51 shares. Currently, shares trade at $565.13, meaning your investment's value could have grown to $28,664 from stock price appreciation alone. However, Goldman Sachs also paid dividends during these 10 years.
Don't Miss:
Deloitte's fastest-growing software company partners with Amazon, Walmart & Target – Last Chance to get 4,000 of its pre-IPO shares for just $0.30/share!
Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing — you can become an investor for $0.80 per share today.
Goldman Sachs' dividend yield is currently 2.12%. Over the last 10 years, it has paid about $63.85 in dividends per share, which means you could have made $3,236 from dividends alone.
Summing up $28,664 and $3,236, we end up with the final value of your investment, which is $31,900. This is how much you could have made if you had invested $10,000 in Goldman Sachs stock 10 years ago. This means a total return of 219%. However, this figure is slightly less than the S&P 500 total return for the same period, which was 224.50%.
Goldman Sachs has a consensus rating of "Outperform" and a price target of $534.14 based on the ratings of 23 analysts. The price target implies more than 5% potential downside from the current stock price.
Trending: Donald Trump Just Announced a $500 Billion AI Infrastructure Deal — Here's How You Can Invest in the Entertainment Market's Next Big Disruptor for Just $998
On April 14, the company announced Q1 2025 earnings, posting EPS of $14.12, beating the consensus estimate of $12.35, as reported by Benzinga.
The company reported quarterly sales of $15.06 billion, which came in above the analyst consensus estimate of $14.81 billion.
Check out this article by Benzinga to learn about Goldman Sachs’ recent short interest.
Given the expected downside potential, growth-focused investors may not find Goldman Sachs stock attractive. Conversely, the stock can be a good option for income-focused investors, who can benefit from the company's solid dividend yield of 2.12%.
Read Next:
Arrived Home's Private Credit Fund’s has historically paid an annualized dividend yield of 8.1%*, which provides access to a pool of short-term loans backed by residential real estate with just a $100 minimum. 
Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary called Missing Ring his biggest mistake — Don't repeat history— invest in RYSE at just $1.90/share.
Image: Shutterstock
Send To MSN:  0
This article If You Invested $10K In Goldman Sachs Stock 10 Years Ago, How Much Would You Have Now? originally appeared on Benzinga.com
Fidelity National (FIS) might move higher on growing optimism about its earnings prospects, which is reflected by its upgrade to a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).
The Johnson & Johnson spinoff that makes Tylenol and Benadryl, logged earnings growth ahead of expectations, named a new chief financial officer and boosted its sales-growth projection for the year, while warning that foreign exchange would weigh on adjusted earnings.
(Bloomberg) -- China expanded its gold reserves for a sixth straight month in April, underlining its push to boost holdings of the precious metal as prices trade near a record and the trade war rumbles on.Most Read from BloombergThe Battle Over the Fate of Detroit’s Renaissance CenterNYC Real Estate Industry Asks Judge to Block New Broker Fee LawVail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNJ Transit Strike Would Be ‘Disaster’ for Region,
We recently published a list of the 12 Best Mid-Cap Dividend Aristocrats to Invest in Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Evercore Inc. (NYSE:EVR) stands against other mid-cap dividend aristocrats. There’s a common misunderstanding that dividend payouts are mostly limited to large-cap companies, but mid-cap firms are often […]
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.