Title: Pfizer discontinues GLP-1 pill trial, stock trades flat
Date: 2025-04-14 13:53
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pfizer-discontinues-glp-1-pill-trial-stock-trades-flat-135330797.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Pfizer (PFE) announced early Monday that it is halting a late-stage trial of its GLP-1 pill candidate, danuglipron, dashing hopes of the company entering the obesity space in the near term.
A trial participant in the phase III trial of its once-daily pill experienced "potential drug-induced liver injury" that disappeared after the participant stopped the pill, the company said in a statement.
"While we are disappointed to discontinue the development of danuglipron, we remain committed to evaluating and advancing promising programs in an effort to bring innovative new medicines to patients," Pfizer chief scientific officer Chris Boshoff said.
The company had hoped to compete in the obesity space andhad been optimisticin recent public statements about the potential of danuglipron.
This is the latest disappointment in what has been a bumpy ride in Pfizer's attempt to enter the hot obesity market and compete with market leaders Eli Lilly (LLY) and Novo Nordisk (NVO). It previously had a twice-daily pill that was alsoscrapped after similar liver concerns in 2023.
The two obesity market leaders, with their blockbuster injectables, have left room for an oral, or pill, market to be a new meaningful target for newer players, according to investors. Lilly is the furthest ahead with its oral candidate, orforglipron, in phase 3 trial, which is expected to end this year.
The news was a surprise to Wall Street but not enough to significantly impact the stock. Pfizer's stock traded mostly flat in early Monday.
"From here, while we anticipate shares to be down modestly, we do not think the Street was assigning any meaningful value to the asset and see limited downside given the company's current valuation," JPMorgan analyst Chris Schott wrote in a note to clients Monday.
Pfizer has been under pressure to find a new blockbuster in its pipeline to fill the expected revenue drop from some of its key drugs going off patent by the end of the decade.That includesits Prevnar 13 vaccine next year and cancer drug Ibrance in 2028. Both brought in a combined $10.8 billion in 2024, with the Prevnar vaccines contributing $6.4 billion.
Mizuho healthcare sector expert Jared Holz explained: "Now without a GLP in its (near-term) pipeline, it is now feasible that PFE could look to bring in an asset (external business development) should it choose to stay in the weight-loss game to some extent."
Anjalee Khemlaniis the senior health reporter at Yahoo Finance, covering all things pharma, insurance, care services, digital health, PBMs, and health policy and politics. That includes GLP-1s, of course. Follow Anjalee on social media platforms X, LinkedIn, and Bluesky@AnjKhem.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest health industry news and events impacting stock prices
Pfizer is ending the development of its potential once-daily pill treatment for obesity before venturing into the biggest and most expensive level of clinical testing.  The drugmaker said Tuesday that it would stop studying danuglipron after a participant in one of its trials experienced a possible drug-induced liver injury that ended once the person stopped taking the treatment.  The once-daily version of the pill was in early-stage testing, with researchers trying to figure out the best dose for patients, a spokeswoman said.
Pfizer still has another obesity pill in development, PF-07976016, which is currently in a Phase IIa trial.
We came across a bullish thesis on Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) on Value Investing Subreddit Page by CompanyCharts. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on META. Meta Platforms, Inc. (META)’s share was trading at $543.57 as of April 11th. META’s trailing and forward P/E were 22.78 and 21.37 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. Meta […]
President Trump said Monday that he is going to impose new tariffs on pharmaceuticals soon.  “Pharmaceuticals we’re going to do,” he said.  Trump has been imposing tariffs as a way to entice companies to move manufacturing to the U.S., where they would avoid import levies.
Auto stocks jumped on Monday afternoon after President Trump hinted tariff relief might be coming.
Pfizer said it will stop development of an oral weight-loss pill after a participant taking the drug in a clinical trial experienced a "liver injury."
The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99.
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
It has been widely reported that roughly one in four Americans have no retirement savings. Austin Kilgore, a consumer finance expert with the Achieve Center for Consumer Insights, a digital personal...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.