Title: Delta Air Lines Earnings: What To Look For From DAL
Date: 2025-04-08 12:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-air-lines-earnings-look-120200942.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Global airline Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) will be announcing earnings results tomorrow before the bell. Here’s what investors should know. Delta Air Lines beat analysts’ revenue expectations by 4.5% last quarter, reporting revenues of $15.56 billion, up 9.4% year on year. It was a strong quarter for the company, with EPS guidance for next quarter exceeding analysts’ expectations and revenue guidance for next quarter exceeding analysts’ expectations. It reported 60.39 billion revenue passenger miles, up 4.7% year on year. Is Delta Air Lines a buy or sell going into earnings? Read our full analysis here, it’s free. This quarter, analysts are expecting Delta Air Lines’s revenue to grow 1.1% year on year to $13.89 billion, slowing from the 7.8% increase it recorded in the same quarter last year. Adjusted earnings are expected to come in at $0.44 per share. Analysts covering the company have generally reconfirmed their estimates over the last 30 days, suggesting they anticipate the business to stay the course heading into earnings. Delta Air Lines has only missed Wall Street’s revenue estimates once over the last two years, exceeding top-line expectations by 1.7% on average. Looking at Delta Air Lines’s peers in the consumer discretionary segment, some have already reported their Q1 results, giving us a hint as to what we can expect. Carnival delivered year-on-year revenue growth of 7.5%, beating analysts’ expectations by 0.9%, and Nike reported a revenue decline of 9.3%, topping estimates by 2.3%. Carnival traded up 1.1% following the results while Nike was down 5.4%. Read our full analysis of Carnival’s results here and Nike’s results here.  When a company has more cash than it knows what to do with, buying back its own shares can make a lot of sense–as long as the price is right. Luckily, we’ve found one, a low-priced stock that is gushing free cash flow AND buying back shares. Click here to claim your Special Free Report on a fallen angel growth story that is already recovering from a setback. Major U.S. banks begin reporting quarterly earnings on Friday against a backdrop of tariff turmoil that's roiled the markets and the economy. An additional +50% tariffs on Chinese imports are now getting levied as of midnight tonight. The acquisition will not impact operations for the Panama-based railroad, per a spokesperson. The company will face direct competition in the HR-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer market. Delta expands its Caribbean and Latin American reach by launching flights for this winter. Abhishek Dalmia’s promotion is one of several executive changes at the Vans and Timberland owner since CEO Bracken Darrell took over in 2023. Netflix stock rose Tuesday after Morgan Stanley called the internet television network its "top pick" among media and entertainment stocks. Firms that deal with housing products are facing a major EPS hit from the trade war, Bank of America wrote Tuesday. JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, Morgan Stanley, Delta Air Lines and Constellation Brands are included in this Analyst Blog. The Solana infrastructure firm now holds over 267,000 SOL, with nearly all of it staked across its growing validator network Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
