Title: Nike, Walmart Jump on 90-Day Tariff Pause for Key Suppliers
Date: 2025-04-09 21:46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-walmart-jump-90-day-192921614.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season (Bloomberg) -- Retail stocks soared after President Donald Trump said he’ll pause higher tariffs for 90 days for dozens of nations that haven’t imposed retaliatory measures on the US. Countries getting a reprieve include several key suppliers for many apparel and sneaker makers. Critical production hubs including Vietnam, Indonesia and Cambodia have all expressed interest in negotiating trade deals with the US, but global supply chains remain in limbo until any new pacts are reached. Shares of retailers broadly traded higher on Wednesday afternoon including Nike Inc., which rose 11%. Walmart Inc. closed up 9.5%, while Lululemon Athletica Inc. climbed 11% and Gap Inc. advanced 15%. The S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary Index posted its largest daily gain since 2008. Trump’s about-face came roughly 13 hours after higher reciprocal duties on 56 nations and the European Union went into effect, a move that had fueled market turmoil and stoked recession fears. Countries that were hit with the higher, reciprocal duties that went into effect at midnight will now be taxed at the earlier 10% baseline rate applied to other nations, with the exception of China, according to a White House official. China’s duties were raised to 125% over its refusal to negotiate. The news is a positive development for retailers that have been shifting away from China into neighboring countries, said Poonam Goyal, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Sportswear brands, for instance, could largely mitigate a 10% tariff and can reroute production from China to Southeast Asia to avoid higher duties, Goyal said. Retailers face the challenge of projecting their performance amid a rapidly-changing tariff landscape. Earlier this week, Levi Strauss & Co. projected sales growth without including any potential tariff impact, while Walmart on Wednesday largely reaffirmed its outlook. Telsey Advisory Group analyst Joe Feldman said that it’s difficult to price models and estimates as tariff policies continue to change quickly. “I don’t blame the retailers for not wanting to put numbers out there yet. It’s a moving target,” he said in an interview. “Today is an example where it’s not even worth trying.” It’s still unclear how companies will mitigate the higher tariffs and how consumers will respond, Feldman said, adding that he generally expects estimates to tick down in the coming months. He said Walmart is better positioned to weather the uncertainties than other companies, since it sells basics such as groceries. --With assistance from Janet Freund. (Adds analysts comments starting in eighth paragraph.) More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Shares of the Corona beer maker fell about 4% in extended trading as it also lowered its medium-term projections for net sales.  For the fiscal year 2026, it forecast adjusted profit per share in the range of $12.60 to $12.90, compared with estimates of $13.97, according to data compiled by LSEG.  The liquor maker also announced the sale of several of its wine brands such as Cook's and Meiomi to California-based The Wine Group for an undisclosed amount, and said it will review its organizational structuring. The upgrade of a critical tax credit and federal grants were in focus at the American Short Line and Regional Railroad Association conference. The post Tax credits, truck limits top small railroads’ DC agenda appeared first on FreightWaves. Just days after suffering their worst stretch in years, stocks rebounded on Wednesday to notch one of their best days of the 21st century after President Trump announced a 90-day pause on the tariffs that sent stocks across the globe spiraling last week. The stock sell-off stemming from tariffs "feeds on itself," JPMorgan boss Jamie Dimon said, adding that he believed a recession looks likely. Walmart maintains its outlook despite Trump tariffs taking hold. WASHINGTON (Reuters) -U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he does not want U.S. Steel Corp to go to Japan, suggesting he does not support Nippon Steel's bid for the American steel producer.  The comment appeared to contradict recent actions by the Trump administration.  On Monday, Trump directed a national security panel to take a fresh look at Nippon Steel's $14 billion bid for U.S. Steel to help determine if "further action" is appropriate, raising hopes the deal could gain an elusive green light. America's largest retailer is still trying to figure out the full hit of tariffs to its balance sheet. The White House has paused plans to restrict sales of Nvidia H20 chips to Chinese firms, NPR reported Wednesday. Donald Trump shocked Wall Street with his surprisingly strong stomach for the stock market plunge that his tariffs precipitated. (Bloomberg) -- Walmart Inc. executives are confident that the world’s largest retailer will reach its financial targets this year, despite tariff turbulence that’s sparking uncertainty in the world economy. On Wednesday, Walmart said that it still sees net sales growing 3% to 4% this year. That forecast accounts for tariffs, unlike its previous outlook from February. The company, which has historically performed well in economic downturns, plans to keep prices low. This means it could take a sho Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
