Title: Clothing retailers delay orders, freeze hiring as tariffs hit
Date: 2025-04-08 11:23
URL: https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/clothing-retailers-delay-orders-freeze-112328676.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results By Helen Reid and Nicholas P. Brown LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clothing and accessories retailers across the United States are delaying orders and freezing hiring ahead of tariff hikes that take effect Wednesday on products imported from Vietnam and China. These businesses, much like Nike and Lululemon, face an impossible choice: offset the cost of tariffs by raising prices by some 40% - potentially cratering sales - or absorb the cost increase and further strain already-thin profit margins. Unlike their bigger rivals, however, the smaller clothing and shoemakers lack vast supply chains, making them highly dependent on Vietnam and China. Ian Rosenberger, CEO of Day Owl, a six-year-old New York company that makes backpacks in Vietnam, has paused future orders. Unless there's a deal to significantly lower Vietnamese tariffs, Rosenberger estimates Day Owl has 30 days before it folds. But with a production cycle of about 100 days, waiting much longer risks missing the crucial back-to-school shopping season. "The damage is already significant enough to be an existential threat," he said, adding that his seven employees have been asking if they should prepare to be out of a job. Rosenberger said tariffs would increase his duty to $22 from from $5, prompting him to increase the price of his top-end bag to $212 from from $155. Footwear Distributors and Retailers of America - whose members include Nike, Walmart, Skechers, and Deckers - calculated that a $155 running shoe made in Vietnam would have to be marked up to $220 in U.S. stores to offset the 46% tariff. VIETNAM VITAL Vietnam has developed specialised factories producing everything from high-tech running shoes to track suits. It's the second-biggest source of clothes and shoes imported to the U.S. after China, and a key manufacturing hub for Nike, Adidas and others. Vietnam has asked for a 45-day delay in the imposition of U.S. tariffs, and said it would buy more American goods, after Trump and Vietnamese leader To Lam agreed on Friday to discuss a deal to remove the levies. Nike shares have dropped 14% since markets closed on April 2, the day Trump announced tariffs, while Adidas shares lost 16%, Puma shares are down 18%, and North Face-owner VF Corp shares fell 31%. These big companies work with factories around the world, providing them with some negotiating clout to split tariff costs with suppliers. VF Corp is "well diversified across our supply chain to manage tariffs," a spokesman said. Small businesses, such as Seattle, Washington-based women's running brand Oiselle, have less capacity to absorb the cost, and fewer resources to plan alternatives. Arielle Knutson, CEO of Oiselle, has asked her 14 full-time employees to work on two or three tariff contingency plans, on top of their usual jobs. Oiselle, which sources leggings, sports bras and running tops from Vietnam, has delayed spring 2026 orders that would ordinarily be going out now. Ordering the right amount of product - and not being stuck with too much cash tied up in inventory - is key. "It's an almost impossible needle to thread," Knutson said. Ketchum, Idaho-based outerwear brand Wild Rye sources ski jackets and mountain biking pants from suppliers in China, which will be subject to an additional 34% tariff starting Wednesday. "This is going to create a huge amount of strain on the business," said founder Cassie Abel. She has frozen hiring and any raises for her 11 employees, and said the business would have to absorb part of the tariff increase to avoid hiking prices by 40%. Day Owl, Oiselle, and Wild Rye said they had previously tried to produce domestically but quality was poor, so moving production to the U.S. isn't practical. (Reporting by Helen Reid in London and Nicholas Brown in New York; Editing by Sharon Singleton) SEOUL (Reuters) -South Korea on Wednesday announced emergency support measures for its auto sector, seeking to reduce the blow of U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs on a sector that has seen years of sharply rising exports to the United States.  The measures include financial support for the auto industry as well as tax cuts and subsidies to boost domestic demand, while the government also vowed efforts to negotiate with the U.S. and help expand markets. CALGARY — The owner of the Keystone pipeline says a segment that ruptured in North Dakota has been isolated and the oil spill has been contained. US tariffs are affecting up to €67bn of EU automotive industry exports, the majority of which are coming from Germany. BMW, Volkswagen and Mercedes must choose between pausing shipments or absorbing tariff costs.View on euronews TORONTO (Reuters) -CEOs of Canadian oil and gas producers said on Tuesday they are seeking to avoid making abrupt decisions about spending or production, as global oil prices hit four-year lows and recession fears grow.  Canada, the world's No. 4 oil exporter, was spared the Trump administration's broad global tariffs on April 2 but faces U.S. tariffs on steel and cars.  "My suspicion is that most companies will work to invest through this cycle, though I would also say that in price downturns, this industry does a really good job of shedding costs," said Jon McKenzie, CEO of oil sands producer Cenovus Energy, in an interview in Toronto. (Reuters) -Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing could face a penalty of $1 billion or more to settle a U.S. export control investigation over a chip it made that ended up inside a Huawei AI processor, according to two people familiar with the matter.  The U.S. Department of Commerce has been investigating the world's biggest contract chipmaker's work for China-based Sophgo, the sources said.  The design company's TSMC-made chip matched one found in Huawei's high-end Ascend 910B artificial intelligence processor, according to the people, who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the matter. Wall Street bosses are girding for Europe to sideline American investment banks in response to the tariff war unleashed by U.S. President Donald Trump, fearing client boycotts and in a worst-case scenario, even formal restrictions.  More than half a dozen senior bankers and advisers told Reuters they are bracing for European Union governments and companies to do more business with home lenders, which could quickly dent their market share.  Two bank industry groups have discussed how Europe could act to restrict U.S. banks' activities in the region, two people said, and at least two major banks have also held internal talks on the matter, according to two senior executives. A plunge in oil prices below $60 per barrel due to an escalating trade war may trigger anxiety across the U.S. oil patch, likely forcing companies to double down on measures including cuts to share buybacks and capital expenditures, analysts have said.  Brent crude and West Texas Intermediate (WTI) futures slid to their lowest since February 2021, as sweeping tariffs imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump sparked concerns of a recession amid signs of higher supply from top producers.  Raymond James analyst Pavel Molchanov said some producers might reduce 2025 capex if the downturn persists, though broader cuts will depend on the depth and duration of the slump. CALGARY — Canada's oilpatch should be better able to weather the current slump in crude prices than it was during past downturns, industry players said Tuesday. Shares of Dabeinong Tech, a seed and animal feed producer, rose 6.45% by 0424 GMT on Tuesday and shares of Wens Foodstuff, one of the country's largest pig breeders, were up 5.1%.  Stocks of other key agricultural firms Wellhope Foods and New Hope Liuhe rose by 6.3% and 2.45%, respectively.  U.S. President Donald Trump's harsher-than-expected import levies, and China's response with tariffs of its own, has prompted a whirlwind of mixed tariff-related headlines that have whipped markets back and forth globally, wiping trillions of dollars in stock market value in just a few sessions. Stock markets sank for the third day Monday&nbsp;after U.S. President Donald Trump announced sweeping global tariffs last week, and no one is coming out unscathed&nbsp;—&nbsp;but some sectors are seeing more volatility than others.All three major U.S. indexes touched their lowest levels in more than a year in early trading on Monday, before rebounding somewhat, with the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones closing lower and the Nasdaq gaining 0.10 per cent.&nbsp;Here's a quick look at how some of the market's sectors are faring.&nbsp;Tech stocks see plummets and risesTechnology stocks have been some of the hardest hit in the market sell-off.The Magnificent Seven — a group of seven high-performing tech stocks including Apple, Microsoft and Nvidia —&nbsp;have seen $2 trillion US of their combined value wiped out in the market's recent slide.WATCH | Trump rejects idea of a tariff pause as markets continue to slide:&nbsp;On Monday, a rebounding of tech stocks helped to raise the S&P 500.&nbsp;Chip manufacturer Nvidia recovered from a more than seven per cent stumble in morning trading and was up 3.5 per cent at market's close.But overall, sectors like tech&nbsp;that rely on international supply chains are going to be more heavily affected by tariffs, according to Sebastien Betermier, an associate professor of finance in the Desautels Faculty of Management at McGill University.&nbsp;Apple, for instance, lost 3.67 per cent of its value by&nbsp;market close on Monday&nbsp;after dropping more than five per cent earlier in the day.A lot of Apple's hardware production takes place in China, and Betermier&nbsp;told CBC News&nbsp;that because of all the tariff action&nbsp;— Trump&nbsp;placed a 34 per cent tariff on China last week, on top of those announced earlier in the year, and China retaliated by announcing&nbsp;a matching 34 per cent tariff on U.S. goods&nbsp;— Apple is&nbsp;getting hit by "a bit of a double whammy."People walk past the Apple booth showcasing the tech company's suppliers during the first China International Supply Chain Expo in Beijing last November. (Florence Lo/Reuters)Though the company has made efforts in recent years to diversify its supply chain beyond China, other countries that make Apple products are also being targeted&nbsp;by the U.S. tariffs, with India and Vietnam facing tariffs of 26 per cent and 46 per cent, respectively.&nbsp;And further blows to the tech industry fuelled by the U.S.-China feud could be on the way as&nbsp;Trump threatened Monday to place an additional 50 per cent tariff on China if Beijing does not withdraw its retaliatory tariffs on the U.S.&nbsp;Consumer staples slightly more stableOne sector that's seen less severe drops in market value during the recent turmoil is consumer staples such as groceries.&nbsp;"You can look at the top performing stocks on the Toronto exchange over the last month or so," said Barry Schwartz, chief investment officer at Baskin Wealth Management, pointing to&nbsp;grocers and&nbsp;utilities such as&nbsp;Hydro One and&nbsp;Toronto Hydro. "People have to pay for those things or your lights go out. You have to [buy] groceries or you don't eat."He told CBC News that the necessity of consumer staples means that they "tend to do well in choppy markets."For instance, Costco rose into the green,&nbsp;then dipped again repeatedly throughout Monday, before closing down by 0.91 per cent, a far less intense drop than some of the tech stocks.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although it's a more "resilient" sector, Betermier noted that retail is still impacted by supply chain disruptions.&nbsp;"A lot of what we consume ultimately is made abroad."&nbsp;Outlook for retail, transportation shakyBetermier&nbsp;says&nbsp;sectors with very thin-profit margins, like retail, are often some of the most impacted by tariffs.&nbsp;"When you have a tariff, either you keep the same prices and ultimately, because of that extra tax, the consumer pays more, or you bring down the price&nbsp;[and]&nbsp;eat into your profit margin to try to make it still accessible to the consumers," he explained."But if you don't have much of a profit margin to begin with, you have less room to manoeuvre."Retail is also another sector where supply chain concerns are huge. Nike, which dropped four per cent on Monday in one of the larger losses in the market, makes much of its shoes and apparel in China, where it also sells a lot of product.&nbsp;WATCH |&nbsp;How Canadian investments could be impacted by this trade war:&nbsp;Although transportation isn't a sector directly impacted by tariffs, Betermier says continued tension between the U.S. and Canada means people might&nbsp;cut&nbsp;down on travel between the two countries, which could result in a downturn."If the tariffs do indeed lead to reduced demand for these sectors, like in transportation, well then that's going to be a loss down the road in terms of future revenue for those firms," he said.Some airline stocks have been falling for months. United Airline Holdings, for instance,&nbsp;is currently trading at about&nbsp;half of what it was in January.Larry Fink,&nbsp;chief executive of BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, says&nbsp;he's already hearing from U.S. airline executives who say&nbsp;they're seeing huge impacts from the decline in travel demand.&nbsp;"Most CEOs I talk to would say we are probably in a recession right now," Fink said&nbsp;in an interview Monday at the Economic Club of New York."We're seeing, in very different sectors, a real downturn." Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
