Title: Levi's execs on Trump tariffs: We can’t estimate the impact yet for investors
Date: 2025-04-07 23:37
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/levis-execs-on-trump-tariffs-we-cant-estimate-the-impact-yet-for-investors-233737961.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Levi's (LEVI) execs just gave a market nervous over bruising tariffs a taste of what's to come for earnings season. A heavy dose of confusion, with a lack of clear cut guidance for investors in search of badly needed clarity. "Given that the situation is fluid and unprecedented, the impacts are uncertain. We are in the process of scenario planning and determining different mitigation strategies. We recognize this is a quickly evolving macro situation and we have to see where the dust settles to give you the guidance that is going to be as helpful to you as possible,” Levi's long-time CFO Harmit Singh said on a late Monday earnings call. “For now, our full-year outlook remains unchanged and includes no impact from the proposed tariffs." Levi's CEO Michelle Gass said the company has assembled an internal "task force" to determine the tariff impact and proper responses, such as price increases. The company relies on 130 facilities in China and 50 in Vietnam — two countries Trump earmarked for large tariffs — to produces its various apparel offerings. At least for now, the market thinks Levi's may be able to overcome some tariff headwinds. Shares rallied more than 10% in pre-market trading on Tuesday on the unchanged profit outlook and a 10 cent quarterly earnings beat. Execs said on the call that demand remained solid through the end of March. Levi's shares were among the top trending tickers on the Yahoo Finance platform. But whether the post earnings rally can be sustained is up in the air. President Trump uncorked a baseline tariff rate of 10% that went into effect on Apr. 5. A higher tariff rate will start on Apr. 9 for about 60 countries that the administration considers to be the worst trade offenders. Some of those nations are important sourcing and business regions for large US retailers in Levi's and Nike (NKE). China, for example, will see reciprocal tariffs of 34%. Vietnam clocks in at 46%. The reciprocal tariffs are on top of existing duties, such as the 20% Trump imposed on China earlier, bringing the total rate on the country to 54%. China has retaliated with a 34% tariff on American goods. Trump fired back on Monday, threatening an additional 50% tariff on China if the country doesn't remove its US tariffs. "Levi’s isn’t immune to cost shocks or consumer slowdown: for sensitivity, we estimate tariffs could represent a high-single digit percentage hit to calendar 2026 earnings power assuming no degradation in consumer demand; and could represent mid-teens percentage hit to calendar 2026 earnings power assuming a mid-single digit percentage impact to quantity demanded," Stifel apparel stock analyst Jim Duffy said in a note on Tuesday. Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com. Click here for all of the latest retail stock news and events to better inform your investing strategy CVS Health (CVS) witnessed a jump in share price last session on above-average trading volume. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions for the stock doesn't suggest further strength down the road. Walmart Chief Executive Doug McMillon offered a reassuring message to investors Tuesday, and described President Trump’s sweeping new tariffs as “a fluid environment." “We’ve learned how to manage through turbulent periods,” McMillon said, welcoming investors arriving in Dallas Tuesday for a two-day meeting with Walmart executives. PARIS (Reuters) -Growing fears that Donald Trump's tariff blitz will plunge the world into recession are dashing hopes in the $400-billion-a-year luxury industry that wealthy Americans might help to pull it out of the biggest slump in years.  One Wall Street analyst now expects worldwide sales of luxury goods will fall by as much as 2% this year, down from a previous forecast for 5% growth.  Bernstein analyst Luca Solca cited the fallout from Trump's April 2 announcement of import taxes on major U.S. trading partners as reasons for the downgrade. Goldman Sachs expects a 30% decline in the stock market, which would send the S&P 500 to about 4,300, or 18% lower from current levels. Ralph Lauren, V.F. Corp, Hanesbrands and G-III Apparel have been highlighted in this Industry Outlook article. TSLA's Energy & Storage unit, with 26% gross margin in 2024, stands as its most profitable segment and is its key strength amid broader company challenges. Wall Street analysts are out defending some stocks amid a brief reprieve in the Trump tariff-related selling. Avis Budget Group's stock is benefiting from strategic fleet management, enabling it to deal with a turbulent supply chain. Taiwan's Foxconn sees Japan as a big opportunity for growing its electric vehicle business and hopes to agree on partnerships with Japanese companies as soon as possible, an executive in charge of the business said on Wednesday.  Foxconn's interest in working with Japanese automakers comes as they face a threat from Chinese brands that have turned to battery-powered vehicles to aggressively win share in markets such as Europe, Brazil and Thailand.  "Automakers are scattered all over the world," Jun Seki, Foxconn's Chief Strategy Officer for EVs told a Tokyo seminar for laying out its EV strategy to Japanese companies. Clothing and accessories retailers across the United States are delaying orders and freezing hiring ahead of tariff hikes that take effect Wednesday on products imported from Vietnam and China.  These businesses, much like Nike and Lululemon, face an impossible choice: offset the cost of tariffs by raising prices by some 40% - potentially cratering sales - or absorb the cost increase and further strain already-thin profit margins.  Ian Rosenberger, CEO of Day Owl, a six-year-old New York company that makes backpacks in Vietnam, has paused future orders. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
