Stock market’s extreme moves portend lasting trouble for traders
2025-04-14 09:30
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-extreme-moves-portend-093000798.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.(Bloomberg) — A knee-jerk reaction to President Donald Trump’s 90-day pause on broad tariffs propelled US stocks to one of their best days on record last week. Ironically, that could be a harbinger of tough times for equity investors.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThe S&P 500 Index’s best days in history have usually preceded weaker-than-average returns in the near term. Following its 15 largest daily gains, the US stock benchmark was higher six months later just 43% of the time, Bloomberg Intelligence data going back to 1928 show. That’s lower than the 67% probability on any given day that the S&P 500 (^GSPC) will advance over the subsequent half year.These “head fakes” happen frequently in market downturns, said Dave Mazza, chief executive officer at Roundhill Investments.Indeed, such moves were only seen during past economic crises. Of the S&P’s best 15 days, two occurred during the pandemic in 2020, two in the 2008 global financial crisis, one amid the Black Monday rout of 1987 and nine across the Great Depression between 1929 and 1933.The 9.5% advance in stocks on April 9 tied for the eighth-best day ever for the S&P 500, according to an analysis led by BI strategists Gina Martin Adams and Michael Casper. It came after Trump said he would hold off on some of the harshest reciprocal tariffs, hurling shares toward their largest upswing in 17 years. That jump helped US equities notch their best week since late 2023.The biggest Wall Street firms have highlighted how difficult it has been to predict the trajectory for equities. Barclay’s Plc’s Venu Krishna said the dramatic volatility leaves little confidence in any pricing now, while JPMorgan Chase & Co.s (JPM) Dubravko Lakos-Bujas indicated that forecasting in the current environment is a challenge and leaves a wide range of outcomes, all contingent on trade policy.The next big hurdle for investors is first-quarter earnings, which kicked off Friday with big banks including JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley (MS). Analysts are warning that companies are flying blind through the trade war turbulence, forcing them to withdraw their outlooks and causing further market swings.Wall Street has been quick to dismiss last week’s record-breaking session, noting that the jump was the result of hedge funds forced to rapidly close out bearish positions, and algorithmic trading strategies picking up on tariff headlines.It was “the mother of all short squeezes,” said Frank Monkam, head of macro trading at Buffalo Bayou Commodities.The rally was not driven by a positive shift in sentiment from investors, said Stuart Kaiser, head of equity trading strategy at Citigroup Inc. (C)“The risk that tariffs stay in place and China retaliating again make it hard to chase a rally, so there is a bit of a buyers’ strike unless or until we get to levels where those risks are more fully priced,” he added.Bank of America Corp.’s (BAC) Michael Hartnett urged investors Friday to sell any rallies in the S&P 500 until the Federal Reserve steps in — something policymakers so far have said they’re not ready to do — and the US and China de-escalate the global trade war. On Friday, Beijing hiked tariffs on all US goods to 125%, mirroring a move by the White House that pushed levies on Chinese imports to the same level, on top of an existing 20% tax.“The reality of the matter is, a 90-day postponement of the tariff deadline ushers in another three months of dark macro clouds for markets,” said Monkam.Most Read from Bloomberg BusinessweekThe Beauty Salon Recession IndicatorTrump Is Firing the Wrong People, on PurposeWorld Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the USHow One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion DealCheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually©2025 Bloomberg L.P.By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                        
Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) will release its first-quarter financial results before the opening bell on Tuesday, April 15. Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at 82 cents per share, up from 76 cents per share in the year-ago period. Bank of America projects quarterly revenue of $26.91 billion, compared to $25.82 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. On April 7, Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck upgraded Bank of America from Equal-Weight to OWhen a group of Harvard Business School students visited Italy's Monte dei Paschi di Siena in January, they gathered notes to build a case study on how to turn around a bank.  The strength of that case may now depend on whether shareholders on Thursday approve CEO Luigi Lovaglio's surprise 12-billion-euro ($13.6 billion) hostile takeover offer for rival Mediobanca, made just days after the student visit.  Advisory group Institutional Shareholder Services has urged shareholders to reject the plan as it leaves "little margin for error", while rival Glass Lewis is in favour, saying Lovaglio's track record provides guarantees for shareholders.We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But more […]Right now, stocks are trading up — so it looks like investors think the tech tariffs are at least being pushed off into the future or maybe won’t happen at all.Goldman Sachs is the latest big bank to report that increased trading fueled its quarterly profit.The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.It is very rare for an ordinary household to owe money on gifts. The gift tax has a somewhat complicated two-tier structure. Each year you can give up to an annual amount (the "annual exclusion") without paying, or even reporting, anything on your taxes. Then, over your lifetime, you have a significantly higher amount that […] The post I Want to Give $65k to My Daughter and Her Husband. Will We Have to Pay Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
