Jamie Dimon argues JPMorgan can help fix the bond chaos if regulators get on board — ‘It’s not relie
2025-04-12 12:41
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jamie-dimon-argues-jpmorgan-help-124100704.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.The Federal Reserve can’t allow the Treasury market to seize up like it did in 2008, one reason JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon claims bank capital requirements need to be fixed. These regulations are in place to prevent a repeat of the Global Financial Crisis, but Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, Fed Chair Jerome Powell, and many economists agree certain adjustments would allow banks and broker-dealers to step in during times of market stress.A bond market sell-off has made investors question the safe-haven status of U.S. debt and fear another credit crunch—when liquidity dries up and economic activity grinds to a halt. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said the world’s biggest lenders can help, but only if regulations developed to prevent a repeat of the Global Financial Crisis are scaled back.Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, Federal Chair Jerome Powell, and many economists agree that certain changes could help banks and broker-dealers hold more Treasuries in times of market stress. Dimon went further, however, calling for sweeping reform of capital requirements, which the industry has long argued are onerous and stunt consumer lending. The current framework, he said, contains deep flaws.“And remember, it’s not relief to the banks,” Dimon said during JPMorgan’s first-quarter earnings call Friday. “It’s relief to the markets.”Capital requirements aim to ensure banks, especially those deemed “too big to fail,” can survive if they sustain heavy losses. JPMorgan was one of only a few major lenders that didn’t need a controversial government bailout in 2008—but Dimon took the money anyway at the insistence of then-Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson.The Treasury market helps the global economy go-round, and Wall Street is watching closely for signs the Fed may be forced to intervene. Many suspect bond market turmoil is what truly forced President Donald Trump to announce a 90-day pause on his sweeping “reciprocal tariffs,” but the fixed-income selling spree is not over. A confounding spike in yields, which rise as bond prices fall, has persisted as investors sour on Treasuries, long considered some of the world’s safest assets.The Trump administration has been clear it wants to see a lower yield on the 10-year Treasury, the benchmark for interest rates on mortgages, car loans, and other common types of borrowing throughout the economy. It spiked as high as 4.59% on Friday, however, up over 30 basis points from Wednesday’s low and more than 70 points from where it began its climb on Monday.“The textbook would be saying that when the stock market is going down, long-term interest rates should also be going down,” Torsten Sløk, chief economist at private equity giant Apollo, wrote in a note Friday. “But this is not what is happening at the moment.”One of the culprits for this “murder mystery,” as Sløk told Fortune earlier this week, could be the so-called “basis trade,” when hedge funds borrow heavily to take advantage of tiny price discrepancies between Treasuries and futures linked to those bonds. In normal times, they profit handsomely, and, in turn, help keep money markets humming.During periods of extreme volatility, however, hedge funds can be forced to unwind the $800 billion trade, which spells trouble if the market struggles to absorb a massive increase in the supply of Treasuries. Foreign selling could exacerbate the problem, and that appeared to be at play on Thursday and Friday as the dollar fell.Big banks and broker-dealers can’t step in, however, because of restrictions like the supplementary leverage ratio. As the name implies, this measure curbs the amount of borrowed funds lenders can use to make investments.“These limitations have, of course, become more tight after the financial crisis in 2008,” Sløk said, “and that’s why the Wall Street banks are working less as shock absorbers in the current environment.”U.S. debt is the dominant form of collateral in so-called repo markets, a crucial part of the financial system that allows banks and companies to meet their commitments with short-term loans. In short, the Fed doesn’t want the Treasury market to seize up like it did in 2008, which is why Dimon and other critics of current capital requirements say these regulations need to be fixed.“When you have a lot of volatile markets and very wide spreads and low liquidity in Treasuries,” Dimon said, “it affects all other capital markets. That's the reason to do it, not as a favor to the banks themselves.”Such changes would not be without precedent. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Fed exempted Treasuries and bank reserves from the calculation of the supplementary leverage ratio, allowing banks to snap up more U.S. debt.Bessent has indicated he wants to make that change permanent as part of a broader deregulatory push. Even though the Fed recently lost a bitter fight with big banks, particularly JPMorgan, over bumping up capital requirements, Powell has said he agrees. Several academics are also in favor of a slight adjustment, which they say can be made without undermining the foundations of the Dodd-Frank reforms instituted after the financial crisis.Regardless, the Fed still had to buy $1.6 trillion of Treasuries to stabilize money markets at the onset of the pandemic. Dimon said the central bank will again be forced to take similar action eventually.“There will be a kerfuffle in the Treasury markets because of all the rules and regulations,” he said.Dimon was not just referring to small changes in the supplementary leverage ratio, however. Fixing several different types of capital requirements, he said, could free up “hundreds of billions of dollars” for JPMorgan to lend across the banking system.Banks have been very successful at pushing back on the Fed’s efforts to fully implement Basel III, a set of international standards developed after the 2008 crash to prevent the collapse of so-called “globally systemic banks.” After huge blowback from the industry, the Fed scrapped a proposal last year that would have raised capital requirements by 19%. The central bank’s top regulator later stepped down, allowing Trump to appoint Michelle Bowman, who voted against the more stringent regulations, to the role.On Friday’s earnings call, Dimon, who has been credited with convincing Trump to scale back his tariffs, was asked whether he thought there was a better chance of bank-friendly reforms with the current administration than under Biden.“I think there’s a deep recognition of the flaws in the system,” he said, “and fortunately, they’re going to take a good look at it.”This story was originally featured on Fortune.comThe Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettRetiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list.If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.The Magnificent Seven stocks dropped Monday, as Apple rallied. Nvidia, Amazon, Meta and Tesla sold off on the stock market today.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
