Veteran Investor Says He’d “Kill to Have Nvidia” in the Low $90s
2025-04-14 16:38
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veteran-investor-says-d-kill-163837555.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Intentionally overdramatizing, Dory Wiley, the CEO of Commerce Street Holdings, told Schwab Network recently, that "You'd kill to buy Nvidia (NVDA)" for prices in the low-$90 range. Wiley believes that Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is quite low, while its valuation is attractive.During the same segment, Wiley praised JPMorgan (JPM) and its first-quarter results which it recently unveiled.Wiley has led companies that have been involved with financial markets since 1996, according to his LinkedIn profile.NVDA's Exposure to Tariffs Is Low, Wiley Says"Nvidia's exposure to tariffs is less than 5%, some say less than 2%," Wiley stated. Moreover, in the low-$90s, the shares "were on sale," he believes.Although the stock's decline naturally generates fear, such declines have historically been good buying opportunities, according to the veteran investor."Anytime the Vix exceeds 40, there's a 90% chance that you'll make money in the next three years," Wiley told Schwab.  And the average return during that period is 50%-80%, he added.JPM Reported Good Results, Wiley SaidAsserting that JPM delivered good Q1 results "across the board," Wiley noted that its revenue from equity trading jumped 48% year-over-year, while its earnings climbed significantly. Additionally, its return on tangible equity came in at 7.8%, up from "closer to 5%" in March 2023, he added."JPM looks safe and sound," he said.While we acknowledge the potential of NVDA, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NVDA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to BillionairesDisclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.The stock market may seem like a difficult place right now, with indexes taking new directions from day to day and even from hour to hour.  President Donald Trump's tariffs on imports have stoked concern about corporate profits moving forward and the health of the general economy.  The president has put a 90-day pause on his initial plan to allow for negotiations between the U.S. and trading partners, but until solutions are found, stock market volatility could persist.We recently published a list of 14 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other AI stocks catching Wall Street’s attention. In the latest development in the feud between OpenAI and Elon Musk, the ChatGPT maker has countersued billionaire […]To say the stock market has been a roller coaster would be misleading. Because many people really love roller coasters and pay a lot of money to ride them. The stock market, at least since the...GameStop, MicroStrategy and Applied Materials have been highlighted in this Screen of The Week article.President Donald Trump's tariffs against America's trading partners and the subsequent retaliatory measures from China and Europe resulted in major losses for investors across the globe, with no end to volatility in sight. Trade tensions may ease amid expected deals between key countries, but prudent investors are rethinking their long-term strategies. Dividend stocks have gained significance in this period of market turbulence because of their strong history. A March report from S&P Global showWe recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reacts to the Surprise Market Surge and Highlights 8 Key Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) stands against other key stocks that Jim Cramer highlights. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim […]Investors are looking for solid dividend stocks with volatility returning to the markets.  Coca-Cola (NYSE: KO) has historically weathered recessions well.  It has increased the dividend for 63 consecutive years after recently increasing its quarterly payment by 5% to $0.51.The company will be responsible for roughly one in every six mortgages in the United States.Last year, as indexes soared, Warren Buffett sent a warning to investors -- not through words but through actions.  The billionaire investor at the helm of Berkshire Hathaway was a net seller of stocks and built up a record cash position of $334 billion.  Buffett finished the year by closing out positions in two index funds that track the performance of the S&P 500: the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF and SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust.Recent announcements of sweeping tariffs have wreaked havoc on the stock market, wiping out trillions in market value of the many companies that rely on parts, materials and finished goods that are...Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
