JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)_ One of the Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds
2025-04-14 13:53
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-one-135344113.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countriesThe major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks.Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining the historical performance of the broader market. Between 1960 and 2024, a $10,000 investment in the index would have grown to over $982,000 purely from stock price appreciation, based on data from FactSet and NYU Stern. However, many companies in the index also returned capital to shareholders through dividends. Had an investor reinvested those dividends over the years, the investment would have ballooned to approximately $6.42 million by the beginning of 2025.This outlook seems reasonable, especially when considering how crucial cash flow has become in today’s economic environment. Investors continue to favor income-generating assets, and dividends remain one of the most reliable ways to deliver that income. Reflecting this trend, several companies within the market have recently introduced dividend payments.According to S&P Global, companies in the S&P index now contribute roughly 85% of the total dividends paid across the market—up from 82% in 2024. This increase includes 2.7% of the total dividend pool coming from firms that only recently began issuing dividends. The top 29 companies in the index alone are responsible for 40% of all dividends paid by the index’s constituents and 35% of the total dividends across the entire US equity market. Under the current base-case forecast, these leading firms are expected to distribute a combined $280 billion in dividends. In a more optimistic (upside) scenario, that figure could climb by 2.75% to $288 billion, with major large cap companies projected to deliver the most significant gains by weighted average. If the most favorable (bull-case) conditions materialize, these 29 companies could boost total dividend payouts by an estimated 4.5%, contributing an additional 1% themselves.It’s no surprise, then, that dividends have become a central theme in many investors’ strategies. According to Brian Bollinger, founder of Simply Safe Dividends, focusing on companies that regularly pay dividends can offer a sense of reassurance. He further noted that younger investors, in particular, have the opportunity to build long-term dividend growth portfolios aimed at maximizing total return and capital appreciation over time.According to Nuveen, companies that focus on dividend growth tend to possess strong long-term fundamentals and may deliver relatively attractive performance in the year ahead. Historically, firms that consistently increased or initiated dividend payments have produced higher annualized returns and exhibited lower volatility compared to the broader equity market. While such companies may not lead in every market environment, their favorable risk-adjusted returns over extended periods make them a solid foundation for equity portfolios.Nuveen also suggested that many firms remain in a strong position to continue raising dividends over time. In the US, corporate balance sheets are generally healthy, consumer spending remains steady, and earnings growth is projected to pick up pace in 2025. Data from FactSet shows that dividends per share for the S&P index rose by 7.6% in 2024, with consensus forecasts pointing to a further 4.2% increase in 2025. Given this, we will take a look at some of the best dividend stocks to buy according to hedge funds.A group of business people discussing plans around a boardroom table adorned with a financial services company logo.Our Methodology:For this list, we scanned Insider Monkey’s database of over 1,000 hedge funds, as of the close of Q4 2024. From the top 60 companies, we selected 11 dividend stocks with yields of at least 1% as of April 12. These companies show strong financial performance and have solid records of paying dividends. The stocks are ranked according to the number of hedge funds having stakes in them.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 123An American multinational financial services and banking company, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) ranks third on our list of the best dividend-paying stocks according to hedge funds. The company operates across multiple key sectors of the financial industry. It owns a major bank that caters to both consumers and businesses, runs an investment banking division that assists companies in raising capital, and manages a wealth management arm that oversees investments for high-net-worth clients. Except for insurance, these operations cover all major areas of the finance sector.In the fourth quarter of 2024, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) delivered strong financial results, with net income surging 50% to $14 billion and net revenue climbing 10% to $43.7 billion. Although net interest income dipped 3% to $23.5 billion, noninterest revenue saw a notable 29% jump, reaching $20.3 billion. Operating expenses declined 7% to $22.8 billion, but when adjusted for the prior year’s $2.9 billion FDIC special assessment, they actually rose 5%, reflecting increased spending on compensation, brokerage fees, and technology. The bank also set aside $2.6 billion for credit losses, with net charge-offs rising to $2.4 billion, mainly due to higher losses in its Card Services division.JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) offers a quarterly dividend of $1.40 per share, having raised it by 12% in March. In addition to dividend growth, it also returned $3.5 billion to shareholders through dividends in the most recent quarter. The stock supports a dividend yield of 2.37%, as of April 12.Overall, JPM ranks 3rd on our list of the best dividend paying stocks according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the potential of JPM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some deeply undervalued dividend stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for a deeply undervalued dividend stock that is more promising than JPM but that trades at 10 times its earnings and grows its earnings at double digit rates annually, check out our report about the dirt cheap dividend stock.READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by examining the […]One thing is clear after a wild week of President Donald Trump's tariff roulette.  At times like these, one of the best choices investors can make is to put their money into safe stocks that can do well no matter what happens with tariffs and the global economy.  One of the best candidates out there is AutoZone (NYSE: AZO), the aftermarket auto parts retailer that has trounced the market over its history, outperforming it by an even wider margin in bear markets.We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in 2025, […]Over a period of more than five weeks, the course will provide participants with a series of live, online seminars.We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where LivaNova PLC (NASDAQ:LIVN) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in 2025, […]We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Shell plc (NYSE:SHEL) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in 2025, […]We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where AstraZeneca PLC (NASDAQ:AZN) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in 2025, […]We came across a bullish thesis on ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) on Substack by Compounding Your Wealth. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on NOW. ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW)’s share was trading at $785.67 as of April 11th. NOW’s trailing and forward P/E were 114.86 and 47.85 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. ServiceNow (NOW) continues to […]We recently published a list of the 11 Best Dividend Paying Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC) stands against other best dividend-paying stocks. Dividend-paying stocks have consistently attracted investor interest due to their long-term value. CNBC highlights this by […]This has been a brutal year for the U.S. tech industry as a combination of challenges, ranging from political uncertainty to foreign competition, has shaken some of its core assumptions.  Globalism is no longer guaranteed, and developing markets like China are transitioning from a source of low-cost labor into a viable threat to U.S. technological dominance.  The next 12 months could be a make-or-break period for Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) as it navigates the evolving macroeconomic landscape.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolio


Try again.
