Title: Is Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM) A Cheap NYSE Stock to Invest in According to Hedge Funds?
Date: 2025-04-11 20:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-corp-xom-cheap-204121920.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of the 11 Cheap NYSE Stocks to Invest in According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other cheap NYSE stocks. On March 26, Jack Caffrey of JPMorgan Asset Management provided an analysis of market trends in a discussion on CNBC’s ‘Squawk Box’. He emphasized diversified portfolios built around different exposures during periods of volatility. Caffrey believes in the importance of ‘time in the market’ over ‘timing the market’. He highlighted the difficulty in predicting when fear or euphoria will dominate, as some of the best market days follow extreme pessimism. Caffrey also discussed the October sell-offs in 2022 and 2023, where many strategists expected further market tests at levels like 3200 or 3300 on the S&P 500. However, instead of panic selling, the market experienced rebounds in 2023 and 2024. He observed that implied volatility reached the high 20s during recent corrections, but did not indicate widespread panic. Caffrey also discussed how the MAG7 drives market trends. While these stocks led growth in early 2020, their momentum eventually faded. This led to corrections instead of broadening. Investors began exploring second and third derivative trades stemming from AI developments, such as increased electricity demand and improvements in natural gas markets. He noted that mean reversion often occurs when primary trades become well-understood and widely owned. He suggested that markets would likely be led by earnings rather than valuation. Caffrey acknowledged that while some stocks within the MAG7 have posted earnings growth that makes their valuations more reasonable, traders are increasingly seeking opportunities in overlooked sectors like energy and businesses benefiting from a weaker dollar. For instance, oil prices have remained down despite energy leading the market performance this year. Stimulus measures in Europe are also shifting from monetary to fiscal policies, which creates additional opportunities for investors. We sifted through the Finviz stock screener to compile a list of the top NYSE-listed stocks. We then selected the 11 stocks with a forward P/E ratio under 15, as of April 8, that were also the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 900 elite money managers. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). Aerial view of a major oil rig in the middle of the sea, pumping crude oil. Forward P/E Ratio as of April 8: 13.4 Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 104 Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) explores and produces crude oil and natural gas. It operates through its Upstream, Energy Products, Chemical Products, and Specialty Products segments. It’s involved in the manufacture, trading, transportation, and sale of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals, and other specialty products. On February 4, DBS analyst Suvro Sarkar reaffirmed a Buy rating on the company while keeping a price target of $133 due to the company’s strong financial performance, particularly the Upstream segment which explores and produces oil and gas. It achieved record production in 2024 led by the performance in the Permian Basin and Guyana. By 2030, Permian production is anticipated to reach 2.3 million barrels per day. This number equaled 1.5 million in 2024. In 2025, Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE:XOM) will implement projects like Yellowtail in Guyana and advanced Permian recovery techniques to focus on low-cost, low-emission, and high-return growth. Yellowtail is Guyana’s largest deepwater oil project, and advanced techniques boost Permian Basin oil and gas extraction. Guyana is also pursuing a gas partnership with Suriname to build an industrial hub. Overall, XOM ranks 5th on our list of cheap NYSE stocks to invest in according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the growth potential of XOM, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than XOM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. Based on the average brokerage recommendation (ABR), Toyota Motor (TM) should be added to one's portfolio. Wall Street analysts' overly optimistic recommendations cast doubt on the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric. So, is the stock worth buying? The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend. Come prepared to your credit card debt negotiation. If you expect your income to grow significantly, consider graduated repayment. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
