Title: Is Exxon Mobil (XOM) Among The Top Goldman Sachs Value Stocks_
Date: 2025-04-16 19:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-mobil-xom-among-top-193647843.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading at significant premiums, which is why investment firms advise investors to concentrate on value stocks. Near the end of March 2025, artificial intelligence stocks that had taken the market over by storm faced losses, while undervalued stocks gained momentum. Similarly, hedge fund managers believe that now is the time to invest in value stocks, with cheap equities available across all industries. Banks, energy, consumer durables, healthcare, and media companies offer lucrative investment opportunities. So, what is value investing? Matthew Fine, portfolio manager at Third Avenue Management, describes it as identifying companies trading at a notable discount to a conservative estimate of their true value. These opportunities often arise when a business, industry, or region faces challenges that cause investors to overreact and assume current difficulties will persist long-term. This pessimism creates chances to invest at attractive valuations. While broader equity markets currently appear overvalued, largely driven by the United States, Third Avenue sees overlooked value in many individual companies. Despite a rocky economy, the fund manager believes many quality businesses have become even cheaper, offering compelling opportunities for patient investors. However, the key is to avoid buying a company that seems cheap just because it has temporary advantages that might not last. Warren Buffett is the king of value investing, and back in 2023, he commented in his annual shareholder meeting that “what gives you opportunities is other people doing dumb things”. Buffett’s Berkshire picks up stocks when others are panic-selling their holdings, and although the Oracle of Omaha understands that the world is rapidly changing, he still sees several value investing opportunities. Overall, the stock market is in mayhem because of the uncertainty brought on by US trade wars and tariffs. However, institutional investors like Goldman Sachs align with the market perspective and have a thriving $634 billion portfolio. Aerial view of a major oil rig in the middle of the sea, pumping crude oil. To compile our list of Goldman Sachs' top value stock picks, we searched the investment firm’s Q4 2024 portfolio, starting from the top and assessing the PE ratios as of April 11. From there, we chose the top 12 stocks with PE ratios of 25 or under as Goldman Sachs' value picks. We have also mentioned the Q4 2024 hedge fund sentiment around the holdings for further insight. The list is ranked in ascending order of Goldman Sachs’ stake value. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). Goldman Sachs' Q4 2024 Stake Value: $2,504,575,163 P/E Ratio as of April 11: 12.85 Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 104 Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM), an American multinational oil and gas titan, is one of the best Goldman Sachs value stocks. The investment firm holds 6.5 million shares of XOM worth $2.5 billion as of Q4 2024. On April 4, TD Cowen reiterated a Buy rating on Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) but trimmed the price target from $128 to $125. While the company’s financial outlook has slightly shifted, analysts at TD Cowen remain confident in Exxon’s performance and share buyback plans, even if commodity prices dip. They still see it as one of the strongest picks in the energy sector. In 2024, ExxonMobil reported $33.7 billion in earnings, slightly less than last year’s $36 billion. The company generated $55 billion in cash from operations and returned $36 billion to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks. It also led the industry in shareholder returns over the past 1, 3, and 5 years. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) plans to maintain its $20 billion annual share repurchase program through 2026. XOM raised its dividend for the 42nd straight year and ended 2024 with a $23.2 billion cash balance and low debt levels. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) has remodeled its oil and gas portfolio by discarding assets worth $15 billion and focusing on resources like the Permian Basin, Guyana, and LNG. The company’s full-year production came in at 4.3 million BOED, which can potentially reach 5.4 million BOED by 2030. The Pioneer acquisition boosted its Permian position, and innovation is improving recovery rates. XOM also plans to double its LNG capacity through projects in the United States, Papua New Guinea, and Mozambique. According to Insider Monkey’s fourth quarter database, 104 hedge funds held long positions in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM), compared to 86 funds in the earlier quarter. Jean-Marie Eveillard’s First Eagle Investment Management was a significant stakeholder of the company, with 8.6 million shares valued at roughly $934 million. Overall, XOM ranks 6th among the Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. While we acknowledge the potential of value stocks, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than XOM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock. READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey. Gold prices rose to another record high on Wednesday as stocks tumbled after AI chip giant Nvidia warned it would take a big hit from escalating tensions between the U.S. and China. We recently published a list of 19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Trex Company, Inc. (NYSE:TREX) stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. On April 2, 2025, President Donald Trump […] We recently published a list of 19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Science Applications International Corporation (NASDAQ:SAIC) stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. On April 2, 2025, President Donald […] We recently published a list of 19 Mid- And Large-Cap Stocks Insiders Are Buying After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) stands against other mid- and large-cap stocks insiders are buying after Trump’s tariff rollout. On April 2, 2025, President Donald Trump declared […] Stocks were already slumping in March on weakening consumer sentiment and fears of an economic slowdown, but major indexes plummeted in April on President Donald Trump's tariff plan, which has sent a near-unprecedented wave of uncertainty washing over the market.  In the aftermath, a trade war with China has escalated, and while Trump's 90-day pause garnered cheers from the market, there is still plenty of uncertainty for business owners and investors.  On that note, let's take a look two tech stocks that look like great buys after falling substantially. We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading at significant […] We recently published a list of Goldman Sachs Value Stocks: Top 12 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) stands against other Goldman Sachs value stocks to invest in. As we recently discussed in another article, growth stocks are massively overvalued and trading […] Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Clark Howard, a prominent consumer finance expert, entrepreneur, author and radio host, challenges the conventional wisdom that striving for an 800 credit score (or higher) is a universally wise... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
