Title: Coca-Cola (KO) Stock Moves -0.25%_ What You Should Know
Date: 2025-04-16 21:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-ko-stock-moves-214515140.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Meet the new most crowded trade on Wall Street. (It's not the Magnificent 7.)
As tariffs rattle Big Tech, Wall Street is hoping Netflix will be a safe harbor. Here's what to expect from its earnings report.
Trump's trade war is unlikely to bring tech manufacturing back to the US anytime soon. Here's why.
Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact
The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Coca-Cola (KO) closed the latest trading day at $71.68, indicating a -0.25% change from the previous session's end. This move was narrower than the S&P 500's daily loss of 2.24%. Meanwhile, the Dow lost 1.73%, and the Nasdaq, a tech-heavy index, lost 3.07%.
Shares of the world's largest beverage maker have appreciated by 3.57% over the course of the past month, outperforming the Consumer Staples sector's gain of 1.31% and the S&P 500's loss of 4.17%.
Analysts and investors alike will be keeping a close eye on the performance of Coca-Cola in its upcoming earnings disclosure. The company's earnings report is set to go public on April 29, 2025. In that report, analysts expect Coca-Cola to post earnings of $0.71 per share. This would mark a year-over-year decline of 1.39%. In the meantime, our current consensus estimate forecasts the revenue to be $11.14 billion, indicating a 1.44% decline compared to the corresponding quarter of the prior year.
For the entire fiscal year, the Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $2.96 per share and a revenue of $47.99 billion, representing changes of +2.78% and +1.98%, respectively, from the prior year.
Furthermore, it would be beneficial for investors to monitor any recent shifts in analyst projections for Coca-Cola. Recent revisions tend to reflect the latest near-term business trends. Hence, positive alterations in estimates signify analyst optimism regarding the company's business and profitability.
Based on our research, we believe these estimate revisions are directly related to near-team stock moves. We developed the Zacks Rank to capitalize on this phenomenon. Our system takes these estimate changes into account and delivers a clear, actionable rating model.
The Zacks Rank system, running from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), holds an admirable track record of superior performance, independently audited, with #1 stocks contributing an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Over the past month, there's been a 0.01% fall in the Zacks Consensus EPS estimate. At present, Coca-Cola boasts a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).
Looking at valuation, Coca-Cola is presently trading at a Forward P/E ratio of 24.3. For comparison, its industry has an average Forward P/E of 18.74, which means Coca-Cola is trading at a premium to the group.
It's also important to note that KO currently trades at a PEG ratio of 3.88. This popular metric is similar to the widely-known P/E ratio, with the difference being that the PEG ratio also takes into account the company's expected earnings growth rate. KO's industry had an average PEG ratio of 2.72 as of yesterday's close.
The Beverages - Soft drinks industry is part of the Consumer Staples sector. At present, this industry carries a Zacks Industry Rank of 43, placing it within the top 18% of over 250 industries.
The Zacks Industry Rank evaluates the power of our distinct industry groups by determining the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks forming the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.
Be sure to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and many more, on Zacks.com.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
CocaCola Company (The) (KO) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Dow Inc. (DOW) reachead $27.47 at the closing of the latest trading day, reflecting a -0.83% change compared to its last close.
In the most recent trading session, PepsiCo (PEP) closed at $140.04, indicating a -1.96% shift from the previous trading day.
With President Donald Trump announcing a wide set of tariffs, there could be increased costs for a range of companies.  Visa (NYSE: V) is a giant in the payments processing space, helping to ensure secure and convenient transactions between vendors and their customers.  The company boasts a solid track record of growing its revenue, net income, and free cash flow, as shown in the table below.
Last week's rally in the broader stock market indexes sprung the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) back upward after a more than 20% that technically put it into a bear market.  Income investors looking at the current landscape may be wondering if now is the best time to buy dividend stocks given the wild swings to the upside and the downside.  Here are some risks worth considering before buying dividend stocks and why ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) is a good example of a dividend stock that you can buy with confidence during a bear market.
Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review.
A net gain on a home sale of $680k potentially could lead to having to pay capital gains taxes. But in many cases, you won't have to pay taxes on the full amount of the gain. And you may be able to shield all of it. This is due to an exclusion that protects from […] The post I’m Selling My House and Netting $680k. Do I Have to Worry About Capital Gains Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds.
Here’s how inheriting an annuity works and what to do with it.
It can be a smart strategy, provided you understand what you’re risking.
You’ll need to do a bit of legwork to find a good fit, but it’s worth it to get one of these loans.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
