Title: Apple (NasdaqGS:AAPL) Sees 12% Price Increase Over Last Week
Date: 2025-04-15 17:22:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-nasdaqgs-aapl-sees-12-172245106.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Applesaw a notable price increase of 12% over the last week, likely buoyed by the integration announcement of Cardiex Limited's subsidiary, CONNEQT Health, with Apple Health. This integration aligns with broader market trends where tech stocks led indices higher amid President Trump’s tariff exemption for electronics, which added a positive sentiment across the tech sector. Apple's integration with CONNEQT Health is a strategic move to enhance its health-focused offerings, adding depth to its ecosystem. The broader tech rally, including a 7% market gain, added support to Apple's robust performance, painting a positive picture for the week. Apple has 1 weakness we think you should know about. Trump has pledged to "unleash" American oil and gas and these 20 US stocks have developments that are poised to benefit. The integration of CONNEQT Health with Apple Health potentially enhances Apple's narrative by reinforcing its expansion in health-focused services. This move aligns with anticipated growth across Apple's Services and AI-driven offerings, suggesting a potential rise in earnings and margins as new users are attracted to the upgraded ecosystem. Over the past five years, Apple's total return was 201.35%, highlighting its impressive performance over a longer period. In comparison, Apple outperformed the US Tech industry with a 14.4% return over the last year. The recent share price increase puts it closer to the consensus analyst price target of US$238.01, providing context for investors considering Apple's growth trajectory. With revenue currently at US$395.76 billion and projected to reach US$479.7 billion by 2028, the integration could bolster these figures by driving further customer engagement and sales, especially in emerging markets like India. The anticipated growth in earnings to US$134.3 billion complements the positive sentiment, although risks such as reliance on China and FX headwinds remain considerations. Examine Apple's past performance report to understand how it has performed in prior years. This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. Companies discussed in this article includeNasdaqGS:AAPL. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, emaileditorial-team@simplywallst.com We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks to Watch Amid Market Volatility. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other AI stocks to watch amid market volatility. The uncertain macroeconomic environment is diminishing investors’ readiness to pay high prices for stocks related to […] Catch up on the top industries and stocks that were impacted, or were predicted to be impacted, by the comments, actions and policies of President Donald Trump with this daily recap compiled by The Fly: TARIFF EXEMPTION: According to new guidance from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, President Trump has exempted smartphones, computers, and other electronic devices and components, including semiconductors, solar cells, flat panel TV displays, flash drives, and memory cards from the reciprocal The Magnificent Seven stocks rose Tuesday, as Nvidia and Tesla rallied. Amazon and Google dropped on the stock market today. The move would let 7-Eleven control its own finances and dictate its M&A priorities while unlocking its “intrinsic value,” company leaders said last week. The issue is a deep dive on the innovations transforming the global denim industry for the better. Apple shares wavered between gains and losses in early trading Tuesday after posting gains Monday on the Trump administration’s decision to temporarily exempt many electronic goods from import tariffs. The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell. Here are our top picks for the best online brokers for bonds. It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... Barclays Bank offers high-yield online savings accounts and CDs. Learn more about Barclays' interest rates, fees and more with this in-depth expert review. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.