Tariff turmoil_ consumer devices on shaky ground
2025-04-15 07:31
https://www.verdict.co.uk/tariff-blows-consumer-goods/?.tsrc=rss
If the administration levies long-term tariffs, a wide array of consumer electronics OEMs will be impacted.The recent reciprocal tariff blows on imported goods between the US and China has precipitated a substantial devaluation of Apple’s market capitalisation, amounting to a $775bn loss (and counting) in the week since the 2 April 2025 announcement.US President Donald Trump gave a tariff reprieve to smartphones, laptops, processors, displays, and memory chips just ten days later. However, the Trump administration downplayed the exemptions, saying that the entire consumer electronics supply chain will be reassessed during a government investigation into semiconductors, which are expected to face tariffs soon.If the administration levies long-term tariffs, a wide array of consumer electronics OEMs will be impacted. This will result in increased device costs for consumers as companies pass on the additional expenses. Apple’s substantial loss in market value serves as a stark indicator of the immediate repercussions. The expansion of manufacturing bases outside the US, previously a strategic move to optimise cost and efficiency, has now exposed these companies to significant levies.The electronics sector, encompassing smartphones, PCs, and data center equipment, represents a significant portion of US imports. Nearly $486bn worth of electronic goods were imported in 2024, according to the US Census Bureau.Despite semiconductors being initially exempt from recent tariff impositions, there is an impending risk of targeted tariffs on chips, as indicated by the Trump administration. The cost of data centre infrastructure and AI chips is expected to rise, undermining the profit margins and operational efficiencies of companies such as Microsoft, Google, and Amazon, in addition to Apple, which will slow down innovation and R&D in AI.In the short term, consumers might accelerate their purchases to acquire devices before the imposition of tariffs. Consequently, companies could witness a surge in profits in the near term. However, the eventual increased costs will result in a slowdown in device upgrades and further lengthen smartphone upgrade cycles in the long term. This will impact the overall sales volume, revenues, and profits for manufacturers and telcos.Companies should provide clear guidance to investors in their earnings reports regarding the anticipated impact of increased import duties on customer churn and the company’s financial health. Businesses will need to reassess their entire supply chains, particularly in areas such as chip fabrication and cloud infrastructure, which will take years.The gold standard of business intelligence.Find out moreGive your business an edge with our leading industry insights.Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.Thematic Take (monthly)I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance withPrivacy PolicyView all newslettersfrom across the GlobalData Media network.Decrypting the latest technology newsPowered by© Verdict Media Limited 2025These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.As part of GlobalData's extensive network of websites, this site is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation,  personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services.  Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessiblehere.We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.  We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website.By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’.