The Dow and S&P 500 rise slightly, but tariff and recession fears linger
2025-04-14 20:30
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-rise-apple-jumps-goldman-121600681.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.U.S. stocks edged up Monday as investors digested mixed messages on the trade war, following some of the most chaotic and turbulent weeks in recent market memory.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 312 points, or 0.8%, while the S&P 500 added 42 points, also climbing 0.8% by market close. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite was up 107 points, or 0.6%. Gold, meanwhile, slipped 0.8%, suggesting a slight pullback from last week’s mad dash into safe-haven assets. Apple (AAPL) stock climbed, helpinglead market indexes higher.Asurprise tariffs announcementlate Friday triggered the tech-led bounce on Monday. The electronics exemption, issued by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, seemed to shield smartphones, laptops, and other consumer electronics from Trump administration tariffs on Chinese goods – offering relief for companies that rely heavily on Chinese manufacturing, such as Apple, Nvidia (NVDA), and Microsoft (MSFT)But the reprieve may be short-lived. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnicksaid Sundaythat the products are still included under a forthcoming round of semiconductor-related tariffs, “coming in probably a month or two.”And President Donald Trump later rejected the idea that there had been any exemption at all, saying the goods are still subject to existing 20% fentanyl-linked tariffs and had merely shifted tariff categories. He said no product was actually exempt, calling the change a simple reclassification.“NOBODY is getting ‘off the hook,’”Trump said Sundayon his social media site Truth Social.Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts criticized the shifting policies as “chaos and corruption,” warning that such unpredictability is eroding investor confidence.Perhaps unsurprisingly, the Fear & Greed Index isstill plantedin “extreme fear” territory, reflecting a lack of bullish sentiment amidst chaotic policy announcements — to say nothing of chaotic policy determination. The S&P 500's recent 5% intraday swings suggest volatility that is more structural than seasonal.Analysts at both Morgan Stanley (MS) and Citigroup (C) have cut their year-end forecasts for U.S. stocks, pointing to rising risks from such unpredictable policy moves and ongoing geopolitical tensions.Heading intoa packed week of corporate earningsin which major banks, healthcare companies, and consumer-facing platforms such as Netflix (NFLX) will report results, each release could either steady or rattle investor nerves.Apple stock jumped 2.2% on Monday, lifted by hopes the company will be temporarily exempt from new electronics tariffs. President Trump said Monday afternoon that he was “flexible” when it came to a temporary exemption for Apple.Separately, Apple reclaimed the top spot in global smartphone shipments for the first quarter 2025, thanks to strong demand for the iPhone 16e in markets such as Japan and India. Even alongside valid fears of disruptions to Apple’s supply chain, its product suite and global brand power remain unmatched.Goldman Sachs (GS) reported a robust 15% increase in first-quarter profit, reaching $4.74 billion, or $14.12 per share, driven by strong trading performance amid market volatility. Goldman stock rose 1.9% Monday.But it’s not just about one earnings beat. Goldman is a bellwether for how corporate America is handling volatility, providing a real-time pulse check on capital flows and investor sentiment in a year that’s been anything but normal. On Monday, it’s a reminder that Wall Street firms may make money whether times are good or bad.For the latest news,Facebook,TwitterandInstagram.In the most recent trading session, Booking Holdings (BKNG) closed at $4,556.84, indicating a -0.65% shift from the previous trading day.Goldman Sachs JPMorgan  Chase and  Morgan Stanley  all said a surge in trading revenue helped lift their profits in the first quarter and beat expectations.  Bank trading desks have been collecting more fees from investors scrambling to reduce or dial up the risk in their portfolios on any new clue about how  President Trump’s  tariffs might ultimately play out.  Combined, the three banks earned more than $12 billion in fees in their equities businesses, the desks that run stock-market related activities for clients.We recently published a list of 10 Best Bargain Stocks to Buy in May. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best bargain stocks to buy in May. While increasing tariffs and a hard sell-off have resulted in uncertainty, Neuberger Berman, an investment manager, expects […]Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in.Tariff uncertainty will cause chaos in the supply chain, says Wedbush’s Dan Ives.When the economy feels shaky, as it has recently with President Donald Trump's announcement of high tariffs on major trading partners of the U.S., consumers often look to finance experts for...(Bloomberg) -- As China staggers into a slowdown caused by Donald Trump’s trade war, a hobbled jobs market is impairing the resilience Beijing needs to battle it out against the US.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageTrump’s 145% tariffs on China’s goods are threatening toNEW YORK (Reuters) -A tariff-induced selloff in the U.S. stock market faces another worry, the "death cross" pattern, but history shows the ominous sounding technical signal may not necessarily mean equities face more significant downside.  A death cross occurs when the 50-day moving average (DMA), seen by technicians as a proxy for the intermediate-term trend, slips below the 200-DMA, a proxy for the long-term trend.  Technical analysts view the occurrence as marking a spot where a shorter-term correction could turn into a longer-term downtrend.How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren BuffettTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.