Why Apple (AAPL) Stock Is Up Today
2025-04-14 20:51
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-apple-aapl-stock-today-205118997.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.Shares of iPhone and iPad maker Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) jumped 2.2% in the morning session after reports indicated that smartphones, computers, and a wide range of tech devices and components would be exempt from the reciprocal tariffs on U.S. imports announced on April 2, 2025. The list of spared goods includes chips, solar panels, flat-screen TVs, flash drives, and memory cards.However, President Trump added that the break might not last. He suggested new tariffs on devices like iPhones and tablets could come "very soon." This hinted that some tech and chip firms might still face some strain.In a post on Truth Social, Trump also emphasized that these products remained "subject to the existing 20% Fentanyl Tariffs" and were merely being shifted to a different tariff category. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick echoed this sentiment, noting that the current exemptions were not permanent.Though when asked specifically about tariffs on iPhones, President Trump offered a somewhat imprecise response: "There'll be maybe things coming up... I don't want to hurt anybody, but the end result is we're going to get to the position of greatness for our country."Despite the unclear outlook, the market reaction suggested investors viewed the temporary exemption as a short-term relief as it was likely to provide affected companies a brief window to adjust their operations and mitigate potential impacts on their businesses.The shares closed the day at $202.59, up 2.3% from previous close.Is now the time to buy Apple?Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.Apple’s shares are very volatile and have had 29 moves greater than 2.5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful but not something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business.The previous big move we wrote about was 5 days ago when the stock gained 4.8% as markets rallied sharply on news that President Trump announced a 90-day tariff pause. Reciprocal tariffs were also dropped to 10% for most countries, sparking renewed optimism amid ongoing trade talks.The major stock indices rose as investors, growing impatient of seemingly irrational tariff actions, welcomed the pause as a sign of a more measured path forward. However, Trump was quick to note that China was not part of the pause. Instead, he prepared to raise tariffs on Chinese goods to 125% after China announced retaliatory tariffs on US imports. This tough stance on China stood in sharp contrast to the softer tone toward others. In a week marked by growing uncertainty, this news eased some of the pressure. The questions remain whether we are out of the woods and can sustain the rally or not.Apple is down 17.2% since the beginning of the year, and at $201.80 per share, it is trading 22.1% below its 52-week high of $259.02 from December 2024. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Apple’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $2,812.Today’s young investors likely haven’t read the timeless lessons in Gorilla Game: Picking Winners In High Technology because it was written more than 20 years ago when Microsoft and Apple were first establishing their supremacy. But if we apply the same principles, then enterprise software stocks leveraging their own generative AI capabilities may well be the Gorillas of the future. So, in that spirit, we are excited to present our Special Free Report ona profitable, fast-growing enterprise software stock that is already riding the automation wave and looking to catch the generative AI next.Shares have gained more than 50% over the past year on the back of strong quarterly results. Has anybody been watching?If the administration levies long-term tariffs, a wide array of consumer electronics OEMs will be impacted.Here’s what analysts think could be next for Apple stock.IDC's Ryan Reith joins to discuss the latest tariff confusion and impact on tech manufacturers, saying he's skeptical of a quick shift to manufacturing in the US. He joins Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology".Despite the optimism, President Donald Trump warned in a Truth Social post on Sunday that tech-related tariff exemptions will be short-lived.Harrie Schippers will be succeeded by Brice Poplawski who will serve as SVP and CFO, effective June 2.The BlackRock Investment Institute said on Monday that it is taking a modestly more bullish stance on U.S. stocks following the announcement of a 90-day pause in implementing most U.S. tariffs.  The near-term risk of a "financial accident" has eased following the Trump administration's decision to pause of hefty  tariffs on most countries, according to a report from the research arm of asset management giant BlackRock.Shares of U.S. automakers jumped on Monday amid speculation the companies could receive some relief from President Trump’s 25% auto tariffs.The Dow Jones industrial average increased 312 points, or 0.78%, the S&P 500 added 0.79%, and the Nasdaq picked up 0.64%.Webull explored going public during the 2021 stock market boom, but a sharp bear market in 2022 sidelined those plans.Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.