Is Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Among The Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500_
2025-05-01 08-11
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-air-lines-inc-dal-081123261.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of 10 Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) stands against other most undervalued stocks.
Big tech stocks just suffered a massive hit, with the Magnificent Seven shedding a combined $1.8 trillion in market value over two brutal trading days at the beginning of April 2025. The iPhone-maker was hit the hardest, dropping more than $533 billion, partly due to new tariffs targeting its overseas production. Elon Musk’s EV giant fell over 10% on April 4, and Wall Street’s semiconductor darling lost nearly $400 billion. Jeff Bezos’ e-commerce powerhouse also saw its worst losing streak since 2008. The selloff came after Donald Trump’s newly announced tariffs sparked fears of a global trade war and potential recession. It did not just impact the mega-caps; the pain spread across the tech sector, which saw steep declines in stock prices. Even semiconductor stocks, although not yet directly impacted by tariffs, are being dragged down by growing uncertainty.
Amidst this volatile market landscape, Veteran investor Bill Nygren noted that the chaos caused by Trump’s steep tariffs has opened up a rare window for long-term investors to scoop up undervalued stocks. While he admits the uncertainty is not great for investors and could lead to inflation and slower growth, he sees opportunity in the selloff. Nygren pointed out that many quality companies, including major airlines, banks, and media firms, are now trading at dirt-cheap valuations. Some of them are trading under 7 or 8 times earnings because of overly negative investor sentiment. Nygren believes that if you hold these types of stocks long enough, there is a good chance they will deliver solid returns.
Hedge fund billionaire Warren Buffett also endorses Bill Nygren’s approach. Buffett made his $165 billion fortune by practicing value investing. He is known for buying stocks that are undervalued compared to their true worth and holding onto them for the long run. His approach focuses on companies with robust fundamentals, solid management, and potential for future growth, rather than chasing after risky or short-term trends. Value investing involves looking for stocks with low price-to-earnings ratios, and it often requires investors to go against the market's emotions and short-term movements.
An aerial view of a commercial aircraft taking off from a coastal hub.
For this article, we used the Finviz screener and filtered out S&P stocks. Then, we applied a filter to arrange these stocks in ascending order of P/E ratios. We picked the 10 stocks with the lowest P/E ratios to compile this list. We have also mentioned the hedge fund sentiment around the holdings as per Insider Monkey's Q4 2024 database, ranking the list from least to most hedge fund holders.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
P/E Ratio as of April 29: 7.44
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 84
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) is a major player in global air travel that flies passengers and cargo both domestically and internationally. It ranks 2nd on our list of stocks with a low PE ratio. On April 24, Delta announced that its board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share. The dividend will be distributed on June 3, to shareholders on record as of May 13.
On April 10, TD Cowen reaffirmed a Buy rating on Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) and raised the price target from $45 to $50. Stifel has trimmed its 2025 earnings forecast for Delta from $5.52 to $4.34 per share, following the airline’s Q1 results and a cautious outlook for the rest of the year. While a temporary pause in tariffs offers some short-term relief, analysts expect revenue growth to slow into early 2026.
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) reported $13 billion in revenue for Q1 2025, up 3.3% from last year, driven by strong premium, customer loyalty, and international travel. Premium revenue rose 7%, and Amex payments hit a record $2 billion. While domestic and corporate travel softened, international routes, especially in the Pacific, saw solid growth. Delta also cut $1.1 billion in debt, ending the quarter with $16.9 billion in net debt, $6.8 billion in liquidity, and $1.3 billion in free cash flow.
According to Insider Monkey’s fourth quarter database, 84 hedge funds held stakes in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL), up from 57 funds in the previous quarter. Harris Associates was the biggest position holder in the company, with 9.82 million shares valued at $594 million.
Overall, DAL ranks 2nd among the lowest PE ratio stocks in the S&P. While we acknowledge the potential of DAL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than DAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Holding investments during a bear market can be unnerving and stressful.  Buying stocks when prices are low, however, can set you up for big returns later on.  Warren Buffett says temperament, not intellect, is what you need to do well in the markets.
We recently published a list of 10 Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PulteGroup, Inc. (NYSE:PHM) stands against other most undervalued stocks. Big tech stocks just suffered a massive hit, with the Magnificent Seven shedding a combined $1.8 trillion in market value […]
We recently published a list of Why These 15 Consumer Defensive Stocks Are Surging in 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Vasta Platform Limited (NASDAQ:VSTA) stands against other consumer defensive stocks that are surging in 2025. The stock market has taken a sharp turn after two years of […]
If you're an iPhone user, some of the best personal finance apps are built only for iOS. Or, they launch on iOS long before they show up in the Google Play store. While there are hundreds of personal...
Dominion Energy is an electric utility with an above-average 5% dividend yield.  Dominion Energy has a monopoly in one of the largest data center markets on the planet.  Dominion Energy (NYSE: D) has a number of very attractive features to offer dividend investors.
Wall Street turned back to the risk-off playbook amid a flood of murky economic data on Wednesday. With the S&P 500 down 0.9%, only 140 stocks in the index were rising. At the sector level, only consumer staples and health care were holding up.
The S&P 500 rose 0.2% on Wednesday, April 30, with stocks rallying late in the session to maintain its seven-day winning streak.
We recently published a list of 10 Lowest PE Ratio Stocks in S&P 500. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) stands against other most undervalued stocks. Big tech stocks just suffered a massive hit, with the Magnificent Seven shedding a combined $1.8 trillion in market […]
The Wall Street pundit made a significant change to his recommendation.  One analyst tracking the fortunes of Celsius Holdings (NASDAQ: CELH) is no longer enjoying the taste of the stock.  In an update on the stock published toward the end of April, CFRA's Garrett Nelson changed his Celsius recommendation from "buy" to "sell," bypassing the middle-ground "hold" tag entirely.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Shares of both Apple and Amazon.com eased in after-hours trading on Thursday, with forecasts including Apple's estimated tariff costs disappointing investors after U.S. tech-related shares jumped earlier in the day.  Apple's stock was down 4% after the bell.  While the company's results were better than analysts had expected, CEO Tim Cook said estimated tariffs will add about $900 million in costs to the quarter ending in June if rates do not change.