Prediction_ Delta Air Lines Stock Will Soar Over the Next Few Years. Here's 1 Reason Why.
2025-05-01 10-55
https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/01/prediction-delta-air-lines-stock-will-soar-over-th/?.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
It's no secret that President Donald Trump's trade war is negatively impacting airlines, at least in the near term, but that shouldn't detract from how attractive stocks like Delta Air Lines (DAL -0.26%) are over the long term.
The key reason for this, and why this stock in particular could appreciate substantially in the coming years, comes down to one word: resiliency.
Running an airline is a cyclical business; it always has been and always will be. When the economy is booming, leisure travelers and businesses feel comfortable spending on airline tickets, but when growth slows, they pull back. Moreover, the industry was traditionally susceptible to changes in demand, as airlines have stubbornly stuck to their routes and flight volumes as they waited for the next upturn to arrive.
However, they are much more disciplined now, and respond to dips in demand and periods of overcapacity by reducing unnecessary routes and flights, as witnessed last year when there was overcapacity during the summer.
In that vein, Delta and its most similar peer, United Airlines, have already said they are paring back their capacity growth plans for 2025 in response  to the slowdown in travel caused by tariff-related uncertainty and the trade war.
This reflects an industry less financially sensitive to changes in demand, thanks to its agility in responding to supply-side changes.
Airlines like Delta and United have also taken giant steps to diversify their revenue streams beyond main cabin flight options. Those efforts have paid off, as Delta's first-quarter earnings show; while main cabin passenger revenue declined 1% year over year, to $5.4 billion, its premium products revenue rose 7% to $4.7 billion. Its loyalty-related revenue rose 11% to $940 million, indicating the strength of its SkyMiles program and the appeal of its co-branded credit cards with American Express.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 882% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 161% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 28, 2025
Image source: Getty Images.
 While the environment could worsen and demand on its routes could slide further, Delta has demonstrated its resiliency and adaptability, which should reduce its downside risk. Meanwhile, its valuation suggests plenty of long-term upside for the stock.
Before you buy Delta Air Lines, you should know this:
The Motley Fool’s analysts are tracking a massive shift in U.S. tech. Over $1.5 trillion is already flowing into infrastructure, AI, and advanced manufacturing… and the number keeps climbing.
It’s all being driven by a short-term tariff pause that could expire any day. And while Delta Air Lines might look like a smart move, we think the real winner is a company 1/100th the size of NVIDIA.
It builds the tech infrastructure that Apple, OpenAI, and others suddenly can’t live without. We just released a full write-up on this under-the-radar stock to all Stock Advisor members — and why now might be the exact moment to move.
Continue ›
American Express is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Lee Samaha has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Delta Air Lines. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Motley Fool Returns
Market-beating stocks from our flagship service.
Calculated by average return of all stock recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of 05/01/2025.
Discounted offers are only available to new members. Stock Advisor list price is $199 per year.
Calculated by Time-Weighted Return since 2002. Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns.

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Act Fast! Our brand-new stock recommendation is now available to Stock Advisor members. That means thousands of our investors got an alert to buy a stock we believe has incredible potential… and you’re still on the sidelines.
 Continue ›
*$99/year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.