1 Cash-Producing Stock for Long-Term Investors and 2 to Be Wary Of
2025-05-01 04-39
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-cash-producing-stock-long-043933547.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
While strong cash flow is a key indicator of stability, it doesn’t always translate to superior returns. Some cash-heavy businesses struggle with inefficient spending, slowing demand, or weak competitive positioning.
Cash flow is valuable, but it’s not everything - StockStory helps you identify the companies that truly put it to work. Keeping that in mind, here is one cash-producing company that reinvests wisely to drive long-term success and two that may struggle to keep up.
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 4.5%
One of the ‘Big Four’ airlines in the US, Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) is a major global air carrier that serves both business and leisure travelers through its domestic and international flights.
Why Are We Out on DAL?
Performance surrounding its revenue passenger miles has lagged its peers
Projected sales decline of 1.6% for the next 12 months points to a tough demand environment ahead
Negative returns on capital show management lost money while trying to expand the business
At $41.80 per share, Delta trades at 6.7x forward price-to-earnings. Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why DAL doesn’t pass our bar.
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 4.3%
With a team of experts deployed across 30+ countries to tackle complex business challenges, FTI Consulting (NYSE:FCN) is a global business advisory firm that helps organizations manage change, mitigate risk, and resolve disputes across financial, legal, operational, and regulatory matters.
Why Does FCN Worry Us?
Estimated sales growth of 2.1% for the next 12 months implies demand will slow from its two-year trend
Expenses have increased as a percentage of revenue over the last five years as its adjusted operating margin fell by 2.8 percentage points
Capital intensity has ramped up over the last five years as its free cash flow margin decreased by 5.6 percentage points
FTI Consulting’s stock price of $166.28 implies a valuation ratio of 20.6x forward price-to-earnings. If you’re considering FCN for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more.
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 7.2%
With roots dating back to 1914 and deep ties to nearly all U.S. cabinet-level departments, Booz Allen Hamilton (NYSE:BAH) provides management consulting, technology services, and cybersecurity solutions primarily to U.S. government agencies and military branches.
Why Do We Love BAH?
Core business can prosper without any help from acquisitions as its organic revenue growth averaged 13.2% over the past two years
$11.78 billion in revenue allows it to spread its fixed costs across a wider base
Share repurchases have amplified shareholder returns as its annual earnings per share growth of 14.5% exceeded its revenue gains over the last five years
Booz Allen Hamilton is trading at $120.02 per share, or 17.5x forward price-to-earnings. Is now a good time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free.
The market surged in 2024 and reached record highs after Donald Trump’s presidential victory in November, but questions about new economic policies are adding much uncertainty for 2025.
While the crowd speculates what might happen next, we’re homing in on the companies that can succeed regardless of the political or macroeconomic environment. Put yourself in the driver’s seat and build a durable portfolio by checking out our Top 5 Growth Stocks for this month. This is a curated list of our High Quality stocks that have generated a market-beating return of 175% over the last five years.
Stocks that made our list in 2019 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+2,183% between December 2019 and December 2024) as well as under-the-radar businesses like Comfort Systems (+751% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free.
Premium, loyalty, and co-branded credit card revenue have diversified Delta's income streams.  Diversifying revenue streams makes the airline business more resilient during downturns.  It's no secret that President Donald Trump's trade war is negatively impacting airlines, at least in the near term, but that shouldn't detract from how attractive stocks like Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) are over the long term.
Hyatt Hotels shares surged in early trading Thursday after the company reported first-quarter results above analysts' expectations.
Amid the tariff-induced decline in domestic air travel demand, let's see which heavyweight, DAL or UAL, is a better pick now.
Nvidia shares are surging in premarket trading Thursday as two of its key customers—Microsoft and Meta Platforms—posted strong results and committed to continuing their heavy AI spending.
Former White House communications director and current investor, Anthony Scaramucci's forgotten investment in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stock for his newborn son turned into a powerful lesson on the rewards of long-term investing. What ...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.