Title: Why ExxonMobil Stock Fell 11.2% in April, But Remains a Buy
Date: 2025-05-07 17:41
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/05/07/why-exxonmobil-stock-fell-112-in-april-but-a-buy/?.tsrc=rss

Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
ExxonMobil (XOM 1.42%) kicked off 2025 on a strong note, beating the market and rallying 10.6% in the first quarter of the year. The oil stock, however, made a sharp U-turn in April to give up all of those Q1 gains, and then some -- it fell 11.2% during the month, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.
What triggered the reversal in ExxonMobil stock?
Image source: Getty Images.
ExxonMobil stock plunged in the first week of April alongside crude oil prices. President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs and a trade war roiled the oil markets, sending prices of Brent and West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil plunging over 15% each in April to nearly four-year  lows. Industry experts were already jittery, as they expected the OPEC+ to boost production despite falling oil prices.
As feared, the eight OPEC+  members announced a larger-than-expected output hike of 411,000 barrels per day for June on May 3.
ExxonMobil is the largest oil company in the U.S., and its core upstream earnings and cash flows are tied closely to commodity prices. With oil prices plunging and fears of a recession looming large, several analysts also slashed their price targets on ExxonMobil stock through the month of April, exacerbating the stock's fall.
Scotiabank analyst Paul Cheng, for instance, slashed ExxonMobil stock's price target from $140 per share to $115 a share in early April. UBS analyst Josh Silverstein, meanwhile, cut the oil stock's price target twice last month to $131 per share. Fears of a slowdown and falling earnings estimates triggered most of these price target cuts.
ExxonMobil, however, just beat analysts' estimates on its first-quarter earnings.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 909% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025
ExxonMobil announced its Q1 numbers on May 2. Although its upstream production jumped 20% thanks to its acquisition of Pioneer Natural Resources last year, ExxonMobil's earnings fell almost 15% year over year to $1.76 per share because of weak crude oil prices and falling refining margins, among other things. Yet it still beat average EPS estimates of $1.74 per share.
ExxonMobil also continues to generate strong cash flows despite a challenging business environment. In Q1, it generated $13 billion in cash flow from operations (CFO) and $8.8 billion in free cash flow, up 6% and 10% sequentially, respectively. ExxonMobil distributed $9.1 billion to its shareholders during the quarter, including $4.3 billion in dividends and $4.8 billion of share repurchases.
Lower oil prices undeniably hurt ExxonMobil, but the real strength for commodity businesses reflects in their resilience over the long term. ExxonMobil believes it could add over $20 billion in earnings and $30 billion in CFO growth by 2030. It is also a top-notch oil dividend stock, having increased its dividend for 42 consecutive years now and yielding 3.8%.

 

Before you buy stock in ExxonMobil, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and ExxonMobil wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $623,103!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $717,471!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 909% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 162% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of May 5, 2025


Neha Chamaria has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Bank Of Nova Scotia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach 80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 26 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 26 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Learn more ›
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles

        Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
      
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends