Title: ExxonMobil Inks Low-Carbon Ammonia Supply Deal With Marubeni
Date: 2025-05-08 17:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxonmobil-inks-low-carbon-ammonia-172700892.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM, the U.S.-based oil and gas giant, has inked a long-term agreement with Japanese trading house, Marubeni, for the supply of low-carbon ammonia. This also marks ExxonMobil’s first customer agreement related to its planned hydrogen facility, located in Baytown, TX.
Per the terms of the agreement, XOM will supply Marubeni with 250,000 metric tons per year of low-carbon ammonia. The Japanese trading house has also agreed to acquire a stake in the Baytown hydrogen facility. However, the companies have not specified the details regarding the percentage of stake to be acquired. ExxonMobil’s agreement with Marubeni is subject to the U.S. energy giant making a final investment decision (FID) on the construction of its planned hydrogen facility.
The agreement notably advances ExxonMobil’s plans to develop the largest low-carbon hydrogen facility at its chemical complex in Baytown. Despite facing setbacks that led to delays in the project's advancement, the company noted that the new customer agreement is a major positive for the development of this low-carbon energy project.
Hydrogen, which could be produced with the help of natural gas (also known as blue hydrogen), renders a clean-burning fuel that releases water when burned. However, there are difficulties associated with the direct transportation of hydrogen. As such, ammonia can be used as a carrier for hydrogen, enabling it to be shipped over long distances in a liquid form. To ensure that the project aligns with XOM’s low-carbon initiatives, the carbon dioxide from the production process shall be captured and stored in underground storage units.
ExxonMobil’s low-carbon hydrogen facility in Baytown is expected to be the world’s largest facility of this kind, with the capability to produce approximately 1 billion cubic feet per day (Bcf/d) of low-carbon hydrogen. The customer agreement marks a key step forward in the company’s efforts to develop low-carbon energy solutions. The company has stated that it plans to take an FID related to the development of this project within this year. However, the decision is contingent upon supportive government policies and the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals.
XOM currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).
Some better-ranked stocks from the energy sector are Archrock Inc. AROC, Diversified Energy Company plc DEC and Galp Energia SGPS SA GLPEY. While Archrock currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), Diversified Energy and Galp Energia carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) each. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Archrock is an energy infrastructure company based in the United States with a focus on midstream natural gas compression. It provides natural gas contract compression services and generates stable fee-based revenues. With natural gas playing an increasingly important role in the energy transition journey, AROC is expected to witness sustained demand for its services.
Diversified Energy Company is an independent oil and natural gas producer in the United States. The company is primarily engaged in the production, transportation, and marketing of natural gas and natural gas liquids. The rising demand for natural gas as a cleaner burning fuel and an uptick in the commodity’s prices is expected to positively impact the company’s bottom line.
Galp Energia is a Portuguese energy company, engaged in exploration and production activities. The company’s oil exploration efforts have yielded positive results, particularly with the Mopane discovery in the Orange Basin, offshore Namibia. After the initial exploration phase, Galp had estimated that the Mopane prospect could hold nearly 10 billion barrels of oil. This discovery allows Galp to diversify its global presence with the potential to become a significant oil producer in the region.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Diversified Energy Company PLC (DEC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Galp Energia SGPS SA (GLPEY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Archrock, Inc. (AROC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) on Wednesday inked a long-term offtake deal with Marubeni Corporation. As per the deal, Marubeni will purchase around 250,000 tonnes of low-carbon ammonia annually from ExxonMobil’s Baytown, Texas facility. This facility is projected to produce near carbon-free hydrogen, capturing approximately 98% of CO2, which will then be used to create low-carbon ammonia. Also Read: Chevron Vs. Exxon: Oil Giants Limp Into Q1 Earnings With Engines Stalling ExxonMobil’s plann
XOM is launching 10 advantageous projects this year that will generate more than $3 billion in earnings next year.
SITC's first-quarter results reflect a year-over-year fall in revenues and leased rate.
(Bloomberg) -- Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureNYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign Tourists Due to Trump PoliciesUnder relentless attack from President Donald Trump, Jerome Powell needs all the allies he can get — and he has plenty in Congress, including among Republicans who
MKSI's first-quarter 2025 results reflect strength in the Semiconductor and Electronics & Packaging market amid sluggish Specialty Industrial demand.
OVV expects total production of 595-615 MBOE/d, with oil and condensate at 202-208 Mbbls/d and NGLs at 87-92 Mbbls/d for full-year 2025.
WBD's first-quarter 2025 results reflect sluggishness in overall advertising and distribution revenues.
The headline numbers for ConocoPhillips (COP) give insight into how the company performed in the quarter ended March 2025, but it may be worthwhile to compare some of its key metrics to Wall Street estimates and the year-ago actuals.
Investors need to pay close attention to UMH Properties (UMH) stock based on the movements in the options market lately.
Let us delve deeper to find out what to do with CME stock now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.