Title: Exxon agrees to supply Japan's Marubeni with low-carbon ammonia
Date: 2025-05-07 21:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exxon-agrees-supply-japans-marubeni-214306546.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
By Sheila Dang
HOUSTON (Reuters) -Exxon Mobil has signed a long-term agreement to supply 250,000 metric tons of low-carbon ammonia annually to Japanese trading house Marubeni, the U.S. oil producer said on Wednesday, representing Exxon's first signed customer agreement for its planned hydrogen facility in Baytown, Texas.
The agreement is a step forward in Exxon's effort to build the world's largest low-carbon hydrogen facility at its Baytown refining and chemical complex, which has experienced delays.
Hydrogen, which can be produced from natural gas, is a clean fuel that produces water when it is burned, while ammonia can be used as a carrier for hydrogen, allowing it to be shipped in liquid form. Carbon dioxide from the production of hydrogen will be captured and stored underground, the company said.
"This is another positive step forward for our landmark project,” said Barry Engle, president of low carbon solutions at Exxon, in a statement.
The customer agreement with Marubeni is contingent on whether Exxon makes its final investment decision to move forward with the Baytown hydrogen facility. Exxon said it expects to make that decision this year, which depends on favorable government policy and regulatory permits.
Marubeni will also take an equity stake in Exxon's Baytown hydrogen facility, the companies said. An Exxon spokesperson declined to specify the percentage of the stake.
(Reporting by Sheila Dang in Houston; Editing by Sonali Paul)
The spotlight hit Britain on Thursday as U.S. President Donald Trump's 'major trade deal' announcement looks set to provide a major relief for UK exporters, just as the Bank of England is set to cut interest rates.  I'll get into all the market news below, and, for today's deep dive, I'll explain why Europe may be better prepared to absorb a deluge of global investment flows than many assume.
TOKYO (Reuters) -Tokyo-based satellite maker Axelspace plans to list its shares as early as June, two sources said, the latest in a steady stream of domestic space startups tapping the Japanese capital markets amid mixed investor views on the sector's prospects.  Axelspace's initial public offering (IPO) is expected to be approved by the Tokyo Stock Exchange later this month, the people who had knowledge of the matter said.  If successful, it would be the fifth such listing of a Japanese spacecraft venture over the last two years.
TFS Financial (TFSL) shares have started gaining and might continue moving higher in the near term, as indicated by solid earnings estimate revisions.
Novavax on Thursday tried to calm investors spooked by the delay of full approval of its COVID vaccine shot by U.S. regulators saying that it sees a pathway to resolving issues with the FDA, sending shares up nearly 19% in early trading.  The vaccine maker said it believes commitments to run new trials would be after it receives approval for the shot.  The vaccine's prospects were thrown into doubt after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration missed its April 1 target to approve the shot.
We came across a bullish thesis on AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) on Substack by Magnus Ofstad. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on ABBV. AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)’s share was trading at $198.47 as of May 2nd. ABBV’s trailing and forward P/E were 84.82 and 16.34 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. AbbVie (ABBV) delivered a strong […]
Oil prices rose around 3% on Thursday, buoyed by hopes of a breakthrough in looming trade talks between the U.S. and China, the world's two largest oil consumers.  Brent crude futures settled up $1.72, or 2.8%, at $62.84 a barrel.  U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent will meet with China's top economic official on May 10 in Switzerland for negotiations over a trade war that is disrupting the global economy.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) -Recent U.S. sanctions on two small Chinese refiners for buying Iranian oil have created difficulties receiving crude and led them to sell product under other names, sources familiar with the matter said, evidence of the disruption that Washington's stepped-up pressure is inflicting on Tehran's biggest oil buyer.  The targeting of independent refiners, known as teapots, marked an escalation in Washington's efforts to cut off Tehran's export revenue as President Donald Trump seeks to pressure Iran into a deal over its nuclear programme.  Washington's sanctions against Shandong Shouguang Luqing Petrochemical in March and Shandong Shengxing Chemical in April have also begun to deter other, larger independent Chinese refiners from buying Iranian crude, three of the sources said.
The Zacks Style Scores offers investors a way to easily find top-rated stocks based on their investing style. Here's why you should take advantage.
Greycroft co-founder and managing partner Dana Settle discusses the rethink on tech stocks amid Trump tariffs.
(Reuters) -Cheniere Energy, the largest U.S. liquefied natural gas exporter, beat first-quarter estimates for core profit and revenue on Thursday, helped by rising prices for the superchilled gas as demand increased.  The U.S. is the world's top exporter of LNG and commercial activity in the sector has gained further momentum following President Donald Trump's lifting in January of a moratorium on new export permits.  Cheniere said first-quarter adjusted core profit, or EBITDA, rose 6% to $1.87 billion versus last year, which also beat  analysts' average estimate of $1.64 billion, based on LSEG data.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.