Title: ExxonMobil to invest $1.5bn in Nigeria’s deep-water oilfields
Date: 2025-05-08 11:50
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/exxonmobil-1-5bn-nigerias-deepwater-oil-fields/?.tsrc=rss

The investment, from Q2 2025 to 2027, will focus on revitalising the Usan deep-water oilfield.
ExxonMobil has committed to a $1.5bn investment in Nigeria’s deep-water oilfields, demonstrating a strong commitment to the country’s oil and gas sector.
The investment, spanning from the second quarter of 2025 (Q2 2025) to 2027, will focus on revitalising the Usan deep-water oilfield.
The company has proposed a final investment decision (FID) by Q3 2025, contingent upon approval of the field development plan (FDP) and securing internal and partner funding.
This investment also includes the accelerated development of the Owowo and Erha deep-water oilfields, among others.
ExxonMobil’s managing director in Nigeria, Shane Harris, revealed the investment plans during a visit to the Nigerian Upstream Petroleum Regulatory Commission (NUPRC).
He emphasised ExxonMobil’s confidence in Nigeria’s upstream potential and its commitment to the sector’s growth.
Don’t let policy changes catch you off guard. Stay proactive with real-time data and expert analysis.
Harris also expressed support for the NUPRC’s Project 1 million Barrels initiative, aimed at boosting Nigeria’s crude oil production to 2.4 million barrels per day.
NUPRC’s Commission chief executive, Engr. Gbenga Komolafe, welcomed ExxonMobil’s investment, assuring regulatory support and emphasising the need for collaboration to achieve Nigeria’s production and energy security objectives.
He also called for compliance with the Domestic Crude Supply Obligation and transparent pricing within the sector.
In a related development, ExxonMobil Australia and Woodside Energy have announced a $221m (A$343.93m) investment in the Turrum phase three gas project.
This joint venture (JV) in the Gippsland Basin aims to drill five new wells, addressing potential gas shortages on Australia’s east coast.
Esso Australia Resources and Woodside Energy (Bass Strait) share the JV equally, with Esso Australia leading operations.

Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation

				Powered by
				

© Verdict Media Limited 2025
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.