Title: OMV (OMVKY) Surges 6.4%_ Is This an Indication of Further Gains_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 15-13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/omv-omvky-surges-6-4-151300309.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
OMV AG (OMVKY) shares rallied 6.4% in the last trading session to close at $12.19. This move can be attributable to notable volume with a higher number of shares being traded than in a typical session. This compares to the stock's 5.1% loss over the past four weeks.
OMV’s shares surged on the final trading day, buoyed by a sharp rise in oil prices, which climbed nearly $3 per barrel. Natural gas prices also saw an uptick. The rally was part of a broader market upswing triggered by President Trump’s decision to suspend reciprocal tariff increases and implement a reduced 10% tariff rate for most countries over the next 90 days. This positions OMV to generate strong free cash flows in the near term.
This company is expected to post quarterly earnings of $0.42 per share in its upcoming report, which represents a year-over-year change of -27.6%. Revenues are expected to be $9.1 billion, up 0.3% from the year-ago quarter.
While earnings and revenue growth expectations are important in evaluating the potential strength in a stock, empirical research shows a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and near-term stock price movements.
For OMV, the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has been revised 4.3% higher over the last 30 days to the current level. And a positive trend in earnings estimate revision usually translates into price appreciation. So, make sure to keep an eye on OMVKY going forward to see if this recent jump can turn into more strength down the road.
The stock currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>>
OMV is a member of the Zacks Oil and Gas - Integrated - International industry. One other stock in the same industry, Exxon Mobil (XOM), finished the last trading session 5% higher at $105.80. XOM has returned -7.7% over the past month.
Exxon's consensus EPS estimate for the upcoming report has changed -6.4% over the past month to $1.69. Compared to the company's year-ago EPS, this represents a change of -18%. Exxon currently boasts a Zacks Rank of #4 (Sell).
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
OMV AG (OMVKY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
The European Union will suspend its first wave of retaliatory duties against the U.S. for 90 days to focus on negotiations, after the Trump administration paused some global tariffs, a top EU official said.
Westlake Chemical Partners (WLKP) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions may not translate into further price increase in the near term.
NIKE resets for growth with bold innovation; lululemon powers ahead on product and global expansion. Which athletic leader is the better long-term play?
Timing the market amid the recent tariff-fueled volatility is hard even for stock pickers buying shares of the companies they know best—themselves.  A case in point: CarMax, the used-car dealer, which today announced quarterly earnings that missed analysts’ estimates.  CarMax said it repurchased 1.2 million shares of common stock for $98.5 million, or about $82 a share, last quarter.
CarMax shares slid after the used-car retailer missed earnings expectations and said it could no longer give a time frame for financial goals it has been working toward for years.  Shares sank about 20% as of about midday Thursday, on pace for their biggest one-day drop since September 2022.
The company points to the "potential impact of broader macro factors."
Shares of  CarMax  sank Thursday after the used-car dealer reported fiscal-fourth-quarter earnings that missed expectations and management sounded the alarm about the looming impact of auto tariffs.  The tariff will expand to imported car parts starting May 3, making it more expensive to assemble vehicles in the United States.  “I think it will it will push some folks into looking at used cars, late model used cars, which is interesting because that’s what we’re seeing a lot of interest in right now,” CarMax CEO William Nash said Thursday.
(Bloomberg) -- A low-profile hedge fund executive who’s among the dozens of disciples tracing their roots to the late investing legend Julian Robertson is poised to become the face of the Trump administration’s sanctions strategy.If confirmed after his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday, John Hurley will lead the Treasury Department’s terrorism and financial intelligence arm, a pivotal post that tackles everything from terrorist financing to money laundering and drug cartels. The role, whic
CVX plans to use triple-frac in more than half of its Permian wells in 2025, reducing costs by 12% and accelerating output to boost production levels.
We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Insiders Sold in April After Trump’s Tariff Rollout. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. (NYSE:MAA) stands against other stocks that insiders sold in April after Trump’s tariff rollout. Last week, President Donald Trump signed an executive order […]
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
