Title: Chevron to Begin Pipeline Preparations in Eastern Mediterranean
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-08 14-42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-begin-pipeline-preparations-eastern-144200373.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Chevron Corporation CVX will begin a detailed seabed survey in the Eastern Mediterranean this summer, marking the first step toward constructing a crucial pipeline linking Cyprus’ Aphrodite natural gas field to processing facilities in Egypt. The announcement was made after a discussion between the company and the Cypriot president held in Houston. The discussion also supported the processing of the survey in accordance with a predefined timetable.
The pipeline is designed to transport gas from the Aphrodite gas field to an undisclosed Egyptian facility. This strategic infrastructure will support energy demand in neighboring regions and the European Union, positioning Cyprus as a key supplier in the region.
For Chevron, the Aphrodite project is an important part of its diversified portfolio spanning across the eastern Mediterranean region and is part of Chevron’s plans. It is the only U.S.-based energy company that operates in Cyprus, Israel, Egypt and Greece.
The Aphrodite gas field was discovered by Noble Energy in September 2011 during the drilling of the A-1 well. The discovery was later appraised with the A-2 well in 2013. The gas field is situated in Block 12 offshore Cyprus at water depths of 1,700 meters. It lies 160 km south of the city of Limassol and 30 kilometers toward the northwest of the Leviathan field, which is located in Israeli waters. The field is estimated to contain up to 4.5 trillion cubic feet of natural gas.
Chevron, currently carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), is the operator of the block, holding a 35% stake. Its partners in the block are Shell plc and NewMed Energy, holding a 35% and 30% stake, respectively. In November 2019, the government of Cyprus granted the partners in Block 12 a production license valid for 25 years, with a provision to extend it for an additional 10 years.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
In February, Chevron and its partners reached a framework agreement with Egypt to guide the development of the Aphrodite gas field. This followed the approval of a revised production plan by the Cypriot government and the Chevron-led consortium, which includes the construction of a floating production platform and a pipeline to transport the gas to Egypt.
While Chevron leads Aphrodite’s development, other energy majors are also exploring Cypriot waters. Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM and Qatar Petroleum are actively drilling, while Eni S.p.A. E and TotalEnergies SE TTE have discovered the Cronos deposit, estimated to contain over 3 trillion cubic feet of gas.
The Cyprus Energy Minister has also hinted at potential collaboration among ExxonMobil, Eni, and TotalEnergies to jointly develop nearby fields, suggesting a broader cooperative energy landscape emerging in the Eastern Mediterranean.
ExxonMobil's bellwether status in the energy space and optimal capital structure have historically produced industry-leading returns, making it a relatively lower-risk energy sector play. With the acquisition and integration of Pioneer in its upstream portfolio, the majority of XOM’s total production is expected to be generated by the combined advantaged assets of Permian, Guyana, and LNG by 2030. Notably, ExxonMobil’s strong presence in the Permian Basin has resulted in strong growth in its production levels, which are expected to double by 2030.
Eni SpA, based in Rome, Italy, is among the leading integrated energy players in the world. E’s upstream operations include the exploitation and production of oil and natural gas resources. Through its midstream activities, Eni transports and stores hydrocarbons.
France-based TotalEnergies is among the top five publicly traded global integrated oil and gas companies based on production volumes, proved reserves and market capitalization. TTE has operations in more than 130 countries across five continents.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Eni SpA (E) : Free Stock Analysis Report
TotalEnergies SE Sponsored ADR (TTE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) stands against other stocks Jim Cramer discusses. In his appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street on Monday, Jim Cramer […]
E plans to sell another stake in Plenitude, aiming for a valuation above $11 billion as investor interest stays strong.
Oil price plunges below $60, dragging oil majors like XOM, CVX, and SHEL lower. Trade war tariffs and OPEC+ supply surge shake up global energy markets.
AFRM and RH have been highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day.
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Exxon (XOM) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
XOM, SHEL, RES, EQNR and MTDR emerge as the energy headline makers during the week.
Schlumberger (SLB) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
