Title: Chevron Scales Up Triple-Frac Technology in Permian for Big Gains
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 09-55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chevron-scales-triple-frac-technology-095500277.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Chevron Corporation CVX has planned to double down on innovation in the Permian Basin by scaling up its use of “triple-frac” technology. The technique will enable the company to fracture subterranean rock in three wells simultaneously, resulting in a reduction in the cost and time required to produce oil. After testing the method in March last year, CVX now plans to deploy it across 50% to 60% of its wells in 2025, a major jump from just 20% last year. With the use of this technology, it expects to grow output in the Permian even after lowering the capital spending in the basin.
Recently, Chevron announced a $2 billion reduction in its 2025 capital spending, including a notable decrease in investments in the Permian Basin, its most productive asset. It planned to allocate $4.5 billion to $5 billion to the Permian, down from the 2024 levels, shifting its focus from aggressive production growth to maximizing free cash flow. Therefore, this triple-frac technology was the “need of the hour” that can help the company to slash completion time by 25% and cut per-well costs by about 12%, leading to efficient use of capital and a better return on investment.
Technological innovation has been a driving force in the U.S. shale oil industry. The broad adoption of hydraulic fracturing turned the unreachable fossil fuel deposits in shale formations into commercially viable resources by the late 2000s. The use of technology is crucial, particularly in the shale industry, where oil production rapidly declines over time. Over the years, shale producers have consistently embraced innovation, mastering the technique of bending drill bits horizontally and extending their reach over longer distances. Recently, artificial intelligence has also been added to technological reforms to process the drilling data in real time for better results.
Artificial intelligence has helped oil and gas companies speed up drilling processes by predicting potential problems in wells even before they occur. Chevron has been using AI-powered drones in Texas and Colorado that remotely monitor its shale operations to identify potential issues such as emissions or leaks and alert field workers. Now, Chevron, currently carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), is taking this innovation game to the next level. By fracking three wells at once rather than the more common one or two.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
However, speed brings new challenges. Triple-frac requires 60% more water and sand per day, creating intense logistical demands — with over 10 trucks an hour delivering sand to each well site. Even though the process consumes 50% more energy per day, Chevron is effectively regulating the power surge with primarily electric-powered equipment.
Chevron hit a production milestone of 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day from the Permian in December. Though the company aims to grow output by another 10% this year, it’s also signaling a shift: future operations will lean more toward generating free cash flow rather than aggressive expansion and triple-frac plays a key role in achieving that goal.
The current economic scenario of unpredictable tariffs has largely impacted the U.S. shale industry. A major U.S. shale producer, Diamondback Energy, Inc. FANG, recently took the matter directly to social media and publicly called for clarification from the U.S. Energy Secretary, Chris Wright.
With WTI crude prices dropping to $55 per barrel as of Wednesday morning, Chevron and other U.S. oil producers like Expand Energy Corporation EXE and Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM face mounting pressure to enhance operational efficiency. The current price sits roughly $10 below the $65 per barrel breakeven point for new well drilling, as reported in the Dallas Fed Energy Survey, raising concerns about potential slowdowns in drilling activity and production levels across the sector.
Midland, TX-headquartered Diamondback Energy is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with its primary focus on the Permian Basin. FANG focuses on growth through a combination of acquisitions and active drilling in America's hottest and lowest-cost shale region.
Expand Energy is a leading U.S.-based natural gas producer, leveraging a vast asset base across the prolific Haynesville and Appalachian shale plays. With key assets in the prominent basins, EXE is well-positioned to capitalize on rising demand from LNG exports, AI/data centers and electrification.
ExxonMobil has a combination of diversified and high-value assets in its portfolio, which represents an advantage in terms of mitigating risks. XOM’s strong presence in the prolific Permian Basin and Guyana has consistently resulted in increased production capacity. ExxonMobil also has heavy investments in U.S. shale and global exploration projects.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Expand Energy Corporation (EXE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
We recently published a list of 10 Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) stands against other best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds. Geothermal stocks are companies that use heat from the earth to generate […]
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Exxon (XOM) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
OMV (OMVKY) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions could translate into further price increase in the near term.
(Bloomberg) -- Persistent concerns that Alphabet Inc. has fallen behind in the artificial intelligence supremacy race has weighed on the stock this year, and not even the cheapest earnings multiple in about two years, or limited risk from tariffs, has been enough to entice investors.Widely seen as one of the major players in AI, Google’s parent company nevertheless continues to be dogged by the perception that it could lose market share to rivals like ChatGPT. Though it retains a dominant share
Oil price plunges below $60, dragging oil majors like XOM, CVX, and SHEL lower. Trade war tariffs and OPEC+ supply surge shake up global energy markets.
The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Spotify (SPOT) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
Pop quiz: True or False – Social Security retirement benefits are subject to income tax just like withdrawals from a traditional IRA account. If you answered "False," you're smarter than more than 60% of your fellow Americans nearing retirement. In … Continue reading → The post Can You Pass This Social Security Quiz? Nearly 7 in 10 People Struggle With These Basic Questions appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
