Title: Big banks push for simpler mortgage rules as housing market slows
Date: 2025-04-16 12:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/big-banks-push-for-simpler-mortgage-rules-as-housing-market-slows-121402040.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Big banks are urging the Trump administration to simplify regulations relating to mortgage loan origination, servicing, and securitization in the hope that these reforms may lower costs and boost lending activity in the struggling US housing market.
"In terms of mortgages, reducing unnecessary regulations would decrease homeownership costs," JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon wrote in his annual shareholder letter.
"Streamlining loan origination and servicing standards, reducing capital requirements and simplifying securitization rules would reduce the cost of mortgages without making them riskier. These simple reforms could lower the cost of mortgages by 70–80 basis points."
This push for reform comes as JPMorgan's mortgage volume fell to $11.2 billion in the first quarter ending March 31, down from $14.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024. Meanwhile, home lending from the bank's retail channel fell to $9.4 billion from $12.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024.
Other banks have also struck a similar tone during recent conference calls following quarterly earnings.
Bank of America (BAC) CEO Brian Moynihan told investors during the company’s first quarter earnings call this week that he is hopeful for change as new policymakers take office.
"It’s critically important that we get this rebalance," Moynihan said. "Sometimes the regulation gets in the way of that.” At Bank of America, home lending held steady at $254 billion in the first quarter, unchanged from the previous quarter.
Wells Fargo (WFC) CEO Charles Scharf echoed Dimon’s sentiment, telling analysts last week that the bank supports the administration’s deregulatory push. Scharf said the proposed changes would allow "more loans, take more deposits, and provide more liquidity to the markets while preserving robust regulatory oversight."
Wells Fargo’s mortgage volume fell to $4.4 billion in the first quarter ending March 31, down from $5.9 billion the previous quarter, further underscoring the broader slowdown in housing financing activity.
Data from the National Association of Realtors showed pending home sales, a forward looking indicator of home sales based on contract signings, grew 2% in February. However, pending transactions are down 3.6% year over year, underscoring the ongoing challenges in the housing market.
The average rate on a 30-year fixed mortgage stood at 6.92% as of last week, not far from the highest levels seen over the last several years.
Read more: Best low- and no-down-payment mortgage lenders of 2025
The banking industry has long been lobbying for a scaled-back version of the “Basel Endgame” capital rule, which requires financial institutions to hold significantly more capital as part of a broader post-2008 effort to strengthen the financial system.
Banks argue that higher capital requirements restrict their ability to offer mortgages, car loans, credit cards, and small business loans.
President Trump's Treasury Secretary, Scott Bessent, in a speech last week before the American Bankers Association, called for "modernizing" capital requirements but said the latest proposal "is not, in my opinion, the right starting point for our modernization effort."
Bessent added, "Modernizing regulatory capital likely would mean reduced capital requirements for mortgage loans and some other exposures that are core to the community bank model."
Meanwhile, Trump officials are also revisiting efforts to privatize Fannie and Freddie, a major policy goal that first Trump administration couldn't pull off. Bessent said the decision to release the two companies will come down to the trajectory of mortgage rates.
In his annual letter, JPMorgan's Dimon cited data from the Urban Institute estimating that mortgage market reforms could boost mortgage originations by 1 million annually, particularly helping lower-income borrowers and first-time homebuyers targeting homes in the $150,000-$300,000 range.
Read more: 2025 housing market: Is it a good time to buy a house?
According to Zillow, the average US home value sits at $361,263, up 2.1% over the past year.
“Buying a home, still a pillar of the American Dream, is simply the best way for individuals to start building household wealth,” Dimon wrote.
Dani Romero is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X @daniromerotv.
For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click here
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.
