Title: Top Stock Reports for NVIDIA, Abbott Laboratories & Linde
Date: 2025-05-08 20:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/top-stock-reports-nvidia-abbott-201700175.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Thursday, May 8, 2025The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA), Abbott Laboratories (ABT) and Linde plc (LIN), as well as a micro-cap stock Tredegar Corp. (TG). The Zacks microcap research is unique as our research content on these small and under-the-radar companies is the only research of its type in the country.These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You can see all of today’s research reports here >>>Ahead of Wall StreetThe daily 'Ahead of Wall Street' article is a must-read for all investors who would like to be ready for that day's trading action. The article comes out before the market opens and attempts to make sense of that morning's economic releases and how they will affect that day's market action. You can read this article for free on our home page and can actually sign up there to get an email notification as this article comes out each morning.You can read today's AWS here >>> Jobless Claims, Q1 Productivity Hit Multi-Year LevelsToday's Featured Research ReportsNVIDIA’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Semiconductor - General industry over the past year (+31.9% vs. +24.5%). The company is benefiting from the strong growth of artificial intelligence (AI), high-performance and accelerated computing. The growing demand for generative AI and large language models using graphic processing units (GPUs) based on NVIDIA’s Hopper and Blackwell architectures is aiding data center revenues.Continued ramp-up of Ada RTX GPU workstations in the ProViz end market, following the normalization of channel inventory, is acting as a tailwind. The Zacks analyst expects NVIDIA’s revenues to witness a CAGR of 27.7% through fiscal 2026-2028. Collaborations with over 320 automakers and tier-one suppliers are likely to advance its presence in the autonomous vehicles space.However, a limited supply of Blackwell and Ada GPUs could hinder its ability to meet demand. Rising costs associated with the production of more complex AI systems will hurt margins.(You can read the full research report on NVIDIA here >>>)Shares of Abbott Laboratories have outperformed the Zacks Medical - Products industry over the past year (+30.5% vs. +10.1%). The company’s pipeline is unlocking new growth opportunities, supporting the company’s positive momentum and strong growth outlook for 2025. Freestyle Libre, Lingo and Libre Rio CGM devices are on a great trajectory. Alinity, the company’s next-generation suite of systems, is a key driver in the core lab diagnostics business.Abbott Laboratories is optimistic about its latest progress with biosimilars and expects this to significantly boost EPD sales, reportedly beginning this year. Despite softness in international pediatric arm, Abbott is regaining market share banking on strong Adult Nutrition business.Yet, the significant runoff of COVID-19 testing-related sales is hurting Abbott’s Diagnostics growth. Headwinds such as tough macro conditions and foreign exchange also add to the worry.(You can read the full research report on Abbott Laboratories here >>>)Linde’s shares have outperformed the Zacks Chemical - Specialty industry over the past year (+5.9% vs. -2.5%). The company remains a dominant player in the industrial gas sector, delivering strong financial performance with consistent EPS growth, disciplined capital allocation, and industry-leading margins.Linde’s record $10 billion backlog ensures long-term revenue stability, while sustainability initiatives position it as a leader in low-carbon energy solutions. Strategic investments in high-return projects and small on-site contracts further reinforce its competitive edge.However, foreign exchange headwinds, softening industrial demand in Europe & China, and regulatory uncertainties pose challenges. Also, slower growth in healthcare impacts diversification efforts. Despite these risks, LIN's strong execution, efficiency improvements, & long-term contracts position it well for sustained profitability & resilience in fluctuating market conditions.
(You can read the full research report on Linde here >>>)Shares of Tredegar have outperformed the Zacks Chemical - Plastic industry over the past year (+30.5% vs. +10.1%). This microcap company with market capitalization of $282.47 million have $78 million Terphane divestiture in Nov 2024, plus $7 million due by Mar 2025, which lowered net leverage from 2.3X to 1.2X, bolstering financial flexibility for debt reduction and reinvestment.Surface Protection rebounded with 57% volume growth and $19.4M EBITDA gain. The Obsidian film launch in October 2024 marks a strategic entry into automotive displays, expanding high-margin revenue. Despite a $13.3 million impairment at Clearfield, Aluminum Extrusions’ EBITDA rose $3.4 million, with diverse end-markets buffering cyclicality. Gross margin improved to 16.1% on operational gains.However, risks persist, such as cyclical exposure in non-residential construction and auto sectors weighing on visibility; PE Films faces customer concentration and tech disruption risks; regulatory compliance burdens could stress cash flows.(You can read the full research report on Tredegar here >>>)Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include Citigroup Inc. (C), CME Group Inc. (CME) and Constellation Energy Corp. (CEG).Mark VickerySenior EditorNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>>
Today's Must Read
NVIDIA (NVDA) Rides on Strong Adoption of GPUs, Partnerships
Abbott (ABT) EPD Gains in Emerging Space on Branded Generics
Linde's (LIN) Long-Term Contracts With Minimum Volume Aid
Featured Reports
Citigroup's (C) Streamlining Efforts Aid Amid Rising CostsThe Zacks analyst views Citigroup's efforts to grow core businesses by streamlining operations as impressive. Yet, revamping technology and risk management frameworks might flare up Costs.
Focus on Renewable Energy Aid Constellation Energy (CEG)Per the Zacks analyst, Constellation Energy gains from expansion of renewable portfolio. Its position as an industry leader in the safe operation of nuclear plants helps it increase its nuclear output
Solid Expansion Projects to Aid Teck (TECK) Amid High CostsPer the Zacks analyst, Teck Resources is poised well to gain from its solid expansion project pipeline despite cost pressures.
Trimble (TRMB) Benefits from Strong Recurring Revenue GrowthPer the Zacks analyst, Trimble benefits from strong growth in its recurring revenue streams, particularly in its AECO and Field Systems segments.
Leasing Aids Regency Centers (REG) Amid E-Commerce AdoptionPer the Zacks Analyst, Regency Centers is to gain from healthy leasing activity aiding occupancy and rent growth, key investments and a focus on essential retail assets. Yet, e-commerce adoption ails.
Ensign Group's (ENSG) Strategic Buyouts Aid Amid High CostsPer the Zacks analyst, Ensign Group's expertise in acquiring healthcare-related real estate and transforming them into market leaders are commendable. Yet, rising costs weigh on margins.
Investments & Expanding Customer Base Aid ONE Gas (OGS)Per the Zacks analyst, ONE Gas' capital expenditure should improve pipeline integrity and boost its performance. Rising demand from an expanding customer base should further boost the top line.
New Upgrades
Improving Clearing and Transaction Fees Aid CME Group (CME)Per the Zacks analyst, CME Group is set to grow on higher clearing and transaction fees as market position, diverse derivative product lines and expansion of futures products drive volumes.
Bandwidth (BAND) Rides on Solid Demand, Strategic CollaborationPer the Zacks analyst, healthy traction for Bandwidth's communication services in multiple sectors such as healthcare, IT services, retail and fintech will likely drive its top line.
AngioDynamics (ANGO) Rises on NanoKnife, Product StrengthPer the Zacks Analyst, AngioDynamics' strong NanoKnife momentum, deep focus on the pancreatic cancer market, and an expanding, robust product pipeline position it well for sustained long-term growth.
New Downgrades
Economic Uncertainty & High Labor Costs Hit Allegiant (ALGT)The Zacks analyst is worried about the high labor costs at Allegiant. High costs are hurting the bottom line. Tariff-induced uncertainty adds to its woes.
Macroeconomic Pressures to Hurt Carter's (CRI) Top LinePer the Zacks analysts, inflation, elevated interest rates and weakening consumer confidence are likely to hurt Carter's top line. The company is seeing reduced demand across segments.
Dismal Contract Sales Hurt Marriott Vacations (VAC) ProspectsPer the Zacks analyst, Marriott Vacations operations are likely to be hurt by dismal contract sales and fall in VPG. Also, an uncertain macro environment and elevated expenses are a headwind.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Abbott Laboratories (ABT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
CME Group Inc. (CME) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Constellation Energy Corporation (CEG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Tredegar Corporation (TG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Linde PLC (LIN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Advanced Micro Devices' (AMD) stock has risen 5% since surpassing its Q1 expectations on Tuesday, but will the rally continue?
Kenvue (KVUE) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 9.09% and 1.70%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
In a rising market, the iconic growth investor is adding to positions trading well below their earlier highs.
We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents […]
We recently published a list of Billionaire Bruce Kovner’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stock picks with huge upside potential. Bruce Kovner founded Caxton Associates in 1983, a New York-based trading and investment firm that was formed […]
The lead portfolio manager for TheStreet Pro Portfolio talks investing with a market veteran.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.