Title: Buy the Spike in AMD Stock After Q1 Earnings?
Date: 2025-05-08 20:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/buy-spike-amd-stock-q1-200700387.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Advanced Micro Devices’ AMD stock has risen 5% since surpassing its Q1 expectations on Tuesday, with the post-earnings rally gaining steam as President Trump boosted markets by announcing a new trade deal with the United Kingdom.
With Trump revisiting the rhetoric of keeping chip manufacturing dominance in the U.S., it’s certainly a worthy topic of whether now is a good time to buy AMD stock for more upside.
 
Stating AMD delivered an outstanding start to the year despite evolving dynamics related to tariffs and the regulatory environment, CEO Lisa Su highlighted that the company’s growth accelerated for the fourth consecutive quarter.
Driven by Data Center and AI momentum, AMD’s Q1 sales spiked 36% to $7.43 billion compared to $5.47 billion a year ago, and topped estimates of $7.12 billion. Notably, AMD has surpassed top line expectations for 10 straight quarters. On the bottom line, Q1 EPS climbed 55% to $0.96 versus $0.62 a share in the prior year quarter. Exceeding the Zacks EPS Consensus of $0.93, AMD has now reached or exceeded earnings expectations for 25 consecutive quarters.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Providing Q2 guidance, AMD expects revenue at $7.4 billion plus or minus $300 million, which would reflect 27% growth. This is on par with the current Zacks Consensus (Current Qtr Below) and includes an estimated $700 million revenue reduction from the new export license requirements for its MI308 AI accelerator chips to China, a modified version of its superior MI300X chip.
For the full year, AMD estimates the revenue impact due to the export license requirement to be approximately $1.5 billion. Based on Zacks' estimates, AMD’s total sales are now expected to increase 21% in fiscal 2025 to $31.31 billion compared to $25.79 billion last year. Plus, FY26 sales are projected to rise another 19% to $37.17 billion.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Despite the post-earnings bump, AMD stock is still down 15% year to date, a steeper decline than the broader indexes and chip competitor Nvidia’s NVDA -12%. Over the last three years, AMD is only up +19%, trailing the market’s returns and Nvidia’s eye-popping gains of nearly +600%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Although AMD is currently the second-largest producer of AI GPUs (Graphics Processing Units) behind Nvidia, the excitement for its growth potential has worn off in recent years. For now, AMD stock lands a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) following its favorable Q1 report.
To that point, more upside may largely depend on the trend of earnings estimate revisions in the coming weeks as analysts digest the impact that tariffs will have on the chipmaker. This includes the export license requirements, as the ongoing trade war with China plays out.  
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA), Abbott Laboratories (ABT) and Linde plc (LIN), as well as a micro-cap stock Tredegar Corp. (TG).
We recently published a list of Billionaire Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stands against Billionaire Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater’s other stock picks with huge upside potential. Up until February 18, 2025, the stock market […]
Advanced Micro Devices' Q1 2025 results reflect robust Client and Data Center revenues, offsetting weakness in the Gaming and Embedded segments.
Artificial intelligence chip king Nvidia rose above its 21-day average on April 25, topped its 50-day on May 1 and continued to climb.  After getting hit earlier this year due to concerns about AI chip growth slowing amid rising competition, and possible tariff repercussions, Nvidia has risen since late April.  The jump puts Nvidia just below a key benchmark.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.