Title: China Credit Expansion Beats Forecast on Bond Sale Deluge
Date: 2025-04-13 11:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/china-credit-expansion-beats-forecast-114344802.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- China’s credit expanded more than expected in March as the government accelerated bond offerings to help the economy offset the impact of surging US tariffs on Chinese goods.
Most Read from Bloomberg
The Secret Formula for Faster Trains
NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six
Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem
Inside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick Collection
Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage
Aggregate financing, a broad measure of credit, rose 5.89 trillion yuan ($808 billion), according to Bloomberg calculations based on data released by the People’s Bank of China on Sunday. That compares with a median forecast of 4.96 trillion yuan by economists in a Bloomberg survey, and an increase of 4.83 trillion yuan in the same month a year ago.
Financial institutions offered 3.64 trillion yuan of new loans in the month, Bloomberg calculations showed. The median forecast was 3 trillion yuan.
Bigger government bond sales were a key driver of aggregate financing last month as business demand for longer-term credit stayed weak. March is also traditionally a strong month for borrowing because banks tend to extend more credit at the end of each quarter to meet lending targets.
Listen to the Here’s Why podcast on Apple, Spotify or anywhere you listen
Net sovereign and local bond financing reached nearly 1.5 trillion yuan last month, the highest for any March since at least 2017, according to PBOC data. The bond deluge came after China vowed to front-load fiscal spending earlier this year on anticipation of looming trade tensions with the US.
China’s economy likely held up in the first quarter before the trade conflict between the world’s two biggest economies escalated. Newly added US levies on Chinese goods now stand at 145%, well above levels economists say would decimate bilateral shipments, which were worth $690 billion in 2024.
The impact of the punitively high tariffs is gradually kicking in, with US retailers suspending orders and halting shipments amid the deep uncertainty. At stake are millions of jobs in China’s sprawling manufacturing sector and Beijing’s ambitious goal of growing the economy by around 5% this year.
The US late Friday announced it exempted smartphones, computers and other electronics from its so-called reciprocal tariffs, which could provide some relief for Chinese exporters as the exclusion covers more than $101 billion in goods from the country. However, Trump’s policy flip-flop also underscores the massive uncertainty faced by the Chinese economy.
The PBOC has been pushing for lower borrowing costs for businesses and households. The weighted average rate on new loans extended to companies in local and foreign currencies was 3.3% in March, 45 basis points less than a year earlier, the central bank-affiliated Financial News reported Sunday. The rate on personal housing loans fell 60 basis points to 3.1%, it said.
Short-term loans to businesses soared more than 40% last month from a year earlier. But the willingness of companies in China to expand investment and production remained subdued, with corporate mid- and long-term loans staying slightly lower than the reading a year earlier.
Household mid-and long-term loans, a proxy for mortgages, rose from a year ago after steady home sales in February. But housing sales resumed declines last month, highlighting the country’s property market is yet to find a bottom.
The stock of broad money supply M2 expanded 7% from a year ago, marginally below expectations. M1, a money supply gauge recently revised to include cash, household and corporate demand deposits, increased 1.6%, the strongest in a year and beating the forecasts for a gain of 0.3%.
--With assistance from Jing Zhao, Ocean Hou and Tian Ying.
(Updates with more details.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator
Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose
World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US
How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal
Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
The longtime Fortune 500 CEO credits his company's success to "cool insights, some dumb luck, and some decisions that were well thought through."
Netflix is scheduled to report first-quarter results after the closing bell Thursday, with analysts suggesting the streaming giant could be well-positioned to weather an uncertain macroeconomic environment.
(Bloomberg) -- Donald Trump’s annual physical examination found that the 78-year-old president was “fully fit to execute the duties of the Commander-in-Chief and Head of State.” Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThere were “no abnormalities in his ment
When the economy feels shaky, as it has recently with President Donald Trump's announcement of high tariffs on major trading partners of the U.S., consumers often look to finance experts for...
BEIJING (Reuters) -China's export growth beat expectations in March after factories rushed out shipments before the latest U.S. tariffs took effect, as an escalating Sino-U.S. trade war threatens to sharply restrain growth in the world's second-largest economy.  Exports rose 12.4% year-on-year, handily beating 4.4% growth expected in a Reuters poll of economists.  Inbound shipments fell 4.3%, compared with a 2.0% decrease forecast in a Reuters poll, and an unexpectedly steep contraction of 8.4% at the start of the year.
Hedge-fund manager  Edouard de Langlade  had the best trading day of his career after President Trump unveiled his sweeping “Liberation Day” tariffs.  Markets plunged the following day, resulting in a huge payoff for Langlade’s multibillion-dollar bet against U.S. stocks and the dollar.  “When Trump was elected, I thought, ‘The crash is about to come,’” said de Langlade, founder of Swiss hedge-fund firm EDL Capital, which gained 6% that day.
Something strange is happening in the US.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially […]
(Bloomberg) -- The dollar retreated for a fifth straight session as traders looked past a reprieve on tariffs on popular consumer electronics and President Donald Trump downplayed his exemption for the technology sector. Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Short
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday, saying in a post on Truth Social that these products are still subject to existing tariffs of 20% and that the administration is looking into tariffs on the whole supply chain for electronics.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.