Title: US Unveils Plans to Fast-Track Deals as Trump Eyes Mideast Funds
Date: 2025-05-08 19:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trump-officials-weigh-fast-tracking-143029952.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
(Bloomberg) -- The US said it’s developing a fast-track process for screening foreign investments in the US, an effort Trump administration officials expect could smooth the way for billions from wealth funds in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Is Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?
Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing Crunch
As Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of Rights
Iceland Plans for a More Volcanic Future
NYC Warns of 17% Drop in Foreign Tourists Due to Trump Policies
The US Treasury Department said in a statement Thursday that the effort includes gathering information from investors based in partner nations before they file for deal approvals from US regulators, launching a Known Investor portal run by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the US.
Administration officials have discussed including the three Middle East nations in the initiative, according to people familiar with the situation, ahead of President Donald Trump’s plans to visit them next week. Some European and Asian countries have also been discussed as potential partners in the program, said some of the people, who asked not to be identified as the deliberations are private and nothing has been finalized.
Fast-track status would help eliminate a major hurdle for the Middle Eastern sovereign wealth funds, which collectively oversee trillions of dollars and drew scrutiny from CFIUS during the Biden administration over their perceived close ties to China.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent may join the US delegation to the Gulf next week to follow up on talks, which gained momentum during meetings in Washington on the sidelines of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank Spring Meetings last month.
While Trump officials have taken an aggressive posture towards Beijing, they’ve been encouraged by recent measures from some Gulf states to demonstrate that Washington remains their primary partner on defense, technology and investments, some people familiar with matter said.
“Treasury is committed to maintaining and enhancing the open investment environment that benefits our economy, while making sure that process efficiencies do not diminish our ability to identify and address national security risks that can accompany foreign investment,” Bessent said in the statement.
The White House National Security Council didn’t respond to a request for comment.
Get the Mideast Money newsletter, a weekly look at the intersection of wealth and power in the region.
“Certain investors may be well known to CFIUS — they invest a lot and file a lot with CFIUS — or are from low-risk countries,” said Emily Kilcrease, a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security, who previously led the US Trade Representative’s work on CFIUS. “So it makes sense to get the through the process faster than, for example, a Chinese investment.”
At a conference in Washington late last month, US Treasury officials signaled one key element of the CFIUS reform will be establishing a “knowledge base” for the main Gulf investment entities to minimize the amount of new information they file for future deals, according to people familiar with the matter.
Middle East wealth funds made up five of the top 10 most active global dealmakers last year, according to the research consultancy Global SWF. That list included three from the UAE — Mubadala Investment Co., Abu Dhabi Investment Authority and ADQ — as well as Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund and Qatar Investment Authority.
Since Trump returned to office, both the UAE and Saudi Arabia have touted lofty US investment pledges, catering to Trump’s demands for foreign cash. Still, any loosening of curbs on Gulf countries could face push-back within the US and Trump officials would have to iron out details.
“How will the administration weigh the geopolitical and economic benefits of deeper investment ties with the Gulf against the possibility of increasing national security risks, including the possibility of indirect technology leakage to China?” Kilcrease said. “This is particularly important given the Gulf states’ ambitions to become global tech leaders and their existing footprint of investment in high tech areas.”
The UAE, which is racing to become a tech powerhouse in its own right, has also been eager to win greater access to advanced Nvidia Corp. chips that had been restricted during the Biden administration.
Earlier this year, the Gulf nation promised Trump $1.4 trillion in US spending over the coming decade. That’s helped accelerate conversations about potentially easing restrictions on chip sales to Abu Dhabi, Bloomberg News has reported.
The Trump administration now plans to rescind some Biden-era AI chip curbs as part of a broader effort to revise global semiconductor trade restrictions and could focus on direct negotiations with nations like the UAE or Saudi Arabia.
--With assistance from Matthew Martin.
(Updates throughout with details from US Treasury Department statement.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
US Border Towns Are Being Ravaged by Canada’s Furious Boycott
Maybe AI Slop Is Killing the Internet, After All
Pre-Tariff Car Buying Frenzy Leaves Americans With a Big Debt Problem
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
What the US Would Lose If Trump Pushes Out Legal Immigrants
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it.
Good stocks can drop below their buy points only to bounce back above them. The big question for investors is, should they buy the second time around?
Here are five of the best inflation hedges to help protect your portfolio against inflation.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.