Title: Nvidia and other chipmakers are getting a big win as Trump kills the 'AI diffusion rule'
Date: 2025-05-08 17:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-trump-killing-ai-diffusion-162500313.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
The U.S. government plans to withdraw a rule introduced under the Biden administration that had aimed to restrict exports of advanced AI chips — a policy that had posed challenges for major semiconductor companies like Nvidia (NVDA) and AMD (AMD).
“The Biden AI rule is overly complex, overly bureaucratic and would stymie American innovation,” a spokeswoman from the Commerce Department said in a statement. The Trump administration intends to issue a revised version of the rule, which was set to come into effect on May 15. This process could take months to finalize, sources told Axios.
The regulation in question — titled the Framework for Artificial Intelligence Diffusion — would have limited exports of AI chips to over 100 countries. These restrictions aimed to prevent countries from bypassing U.S. export controls, particularly in relation to China.
Chipmakers had criticized the rules, however. They argued it would give an advantage to Chinese competitors, such as Huawei, as they develop and sell their own AI hardware, foregoing an opportunity to ensure that much of the world would rely on American technology. The rule would have affected Nvidia’s ability to sell its high-demand graphics processing units, or GPUs, in markets such as India, Mexico, Singapore, and Switzerland.
The shift could reflect a relaxing stance toward regulating AI, offering a momentary boon for chipmakers. Since Bloomberg first reported the reversal on Wednesday, Nvidia and AMD stocks have gained 4.4% and 3.4%, respectively.
But any respite could prove temporary, and obstacles persist when it comes to accessing the crucial Chinese market.
Nvidia’s most powerful chips, including the A100 and H100, are already banned from export to China, as a result of Biden-era restrictions.
Last month the Trump administration also introduced new license requirements for less powerful chips by Nvidia and AMD in order to comply with export controls. Nvidia said these requirements on its H20 chips had resulted in a $5.5 billion hit to its quarterly earnings, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The company’s earnings are scheduled to be released May 28.
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
As the U.S. and China move toward initiating trade talks, this expert says that China could use “geopolitical game theory” by selling all its U.S. holdings, which could force the administration to cave in without any negotiations. What Happened: ...
We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Getting Wall Street’s Attention Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other AI stocks that are getting Wall Street’s attention right now. Investors in the artificial intelligence trade have been frantic ever since the […]
Changes in export rules could boost global sales of the major AI-chip producers and others.
Prominent Wall Street analyst Dan Ives has highlighted Palantir Technologies Inc. (NYSE:PLTR) as “the missing piece in the AI puzzle” just a day before the company’s highly anticipated earnings report on Monday. What Happened: “Karp & Co. are a major ...
Kelsey Berro, fixed income portfolio manager at JPMorgan Asset Management, says Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell created "max optionality for himself" on interest rates.
The Federal Reserve’s decisions have ripple effects, including for mortgages.
The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough...
Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation.
A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.
Here’s how much you’d have now if you invested in Bitcoin 10 years ago.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.