Title: Nvidia Rises On Trump AI Chip Export Plan; Earnings Loom. Is Nvidia A Buy Now?
Date: 2025-05-08 15:23
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/dc591aa5-8656-399f-a2b0-90fb4c8c329e/nvidia-rises-on-trump-ai-chip.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Why investors are still bullish on America, trade war and all
Your employer's most popular retirement option just topped $4 trillion
Americans haven't had this little faith in finding a new job since 2021
Stocks jump on trade optimism as Trump says 'buy stock now'
Bitcoin tops $100,000 for first time since February after Coinbase, tariff deals
Dow jumps 500 points, Nasdaq rises nearly 2% as Trump announces UK trade deal, touts China talks
Trump just announced his first deal since launching a global trade war. Here's what's in it.
Trump unveiled the initial details of what he called a 'great' trade deal with the UK. Follow our live blog.
President Trump is set to unveil the details of what he calls a ‘major’ trade deal with the UK. Watch here.
Nasdaq leads stock jump with Trump set to unveil 'major' US-UK trade deal
President Trump took aim at Powell after the Fed held rates steady, calling him a 'FOOL' who 'doesn't have a clue.'
Trump says he'll announce a 'comprehensive' US-UK trade agreement on Thursday morning, with many more to follow
The Fed will 'wait and see' whether something bad happens in the US economy
People who have worked with Trump see method in his tariff madness
'Authentically Disney and distinctly Emirati': Disney to expand into Middle East with new theme park in Abu Dhabi
The Fed Chair said Trump has no impact on the central bank's work, and he isn't seeking a meeting with the president
Dow leads stocks higher after Fed holds steady and Powell sticks to 'wait and see' mode
Trump said he wouldn't lower sky-high US tariffs on China before the two countries kick off talks this weekend
Fed Chair Jerome Powell is about to answer questions about interest rates and the economy. Watch here.
Fed holds rates steady, defying Trump's call for cuts
Strong jobs data may be masking other signs of weakness in the US economy
Markets are cheering the start of US-China trade talks. But the 'big trade deal' is going to be a longer slog.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq rise with US-China trade talks, Fed rate decision in focus
All eyes on Powell as Fed grapples with Trump tariff dilemma
Disney delivers solid streaming results as domestic parks bounce back
Fed's rate cuts, like Trump's tariffs, look to be on 90-day pause
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures rise as US announces trade talks with China
Some top investors at Milken miss the pre-Trump economy
Private student loans could make a comeback under the GOP's new bill
OpenAI's for-profit U-turn apparently isn't enough for Elon Musk
Dow falls 400 points as stocks slide ahead of Fed decision with tariff fears back in focus
Trump and Carney clash over Canada as 51st state while meeting for first time
During a meeting with Canada's Carney, Trump put the onus on negotiating countries. 'We don't have to sign deals.'
Tesla’s troubles in Europe are going from bad to worse
Stocks slide as Fed meeting kicks off, tariff fears reemerge
Stocks' best winning streak since 2004 hasn't 'alleviated' Wall Street's worries
Big Tech earnings show why the hottest trade became the safest
Bill Ackman has his sights set on being this generation's Warren Buffett. Here's how he could make it happen.
Big tariffs on auto parts are now in effect. Here's how they work.
One chart shows how Warren Buffett trounced the S&P 500 over 60 years
Berkshire Hathaway stock drops more than 5% after board approves CEO Warren Buffett's successor
Dow, S&P 500 snap historic run of gains as tariff risks return, Fed decision looms
IRS lost 31% of tax auditors in DOGE downsizing, watchdog finds (Bloomberg)
Trump is proposing to prevent Hollywood's 'very fast death' by using a familiar — yet unconventional — strategy.
Netflix shares tumbled, leading a media stock decline after President Trump threatened 100% tariffs on foreign-made films.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as tariff fears revive in run-up to Fed decision
Buffett is stepping aside at Berkshire Hathaway. Here's what he thinks happens next.
Fed and Powell face a tariff-related 'tug-of-war' between inflation and a slowdown — and Trump's push for rate cuts
Buffett's Berkshire departure, Fed decision, and another rush of earnings: What to know this week
Trade chaos is part of the plan for Trump, nightmare for Powell (Bloomberg)
Nvidia cleared the 50-day moving average following news that President Donald Trump is planning on rescinding an artificial intelligence chip-export rule. Is Nvidia stock a buy or sell now? Trump plans to revise some semiconductor trade restrictions set during the Biden administration, Bloomberg reported Wednesday.
Apple executive Eddy Cue said the iPhone maker is “actively looking at” adding AI as an alternative to search. What this means for you.
BTIG analyst Gray Powell lowered the firm’s price target on Datadog (DDOG) to $136 from $162 and keeps a Buy rating on the shares. While the company posted “strong” Q1 results, the forward outlook was more mixed with some moving parts as Datadog increased revenue guidance for 2025 but guided operating income about 4.5% lower, the analyst tells investors in a research note. The firm, which believes that Datadog is better positioned for a broader economic slowdown today than it was in 2022, said t
U.S. equities were little changed at midday with the market focused on comments from the Federal Reserve coming later today.
We recently published a list of Billionaire Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other billionaire Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater’s stock picks with huge upside potential. Up until February 18, 2025, the stock market seemed poised […]
Phathom Pharmaceuticals (PHAT) has become technically an oversold stock now, which implies exhaustion of the heavy selling pressure on it. This, combined with strong agreement among Wall Street analysts in revising earnings estimates higher, indicates a potential trend reversal for the stock in the near term.
SANTA CLARA, California (Reuters) -Cadence Design Systems unveiled on Wednesday a new supercomputer based on chips from Nvidia that will speed up its software offerings for everything from designing chips to jets to new drugs.  On Wednesday, Cadence announced that it has reworked many of those core programs to run on Nvidia's latest "Blackwell" graphics processors, or GPUs.  Cadence's new Millennium M2000 supercomputer will contain about 32 of Nvidia's newest chips and will cost about $2 million for the most common configurations, though final pricing has not been set, Cadence executives said Wednesday.
After Advanced Micro Devices said it expects a $1.5 billion hit to 2025 revenue due to curbs on its sales to China, UBS analysts warned rival Nvidia faces the same headwinds.
President Donald Trump's latest tariff rhetoric likely overshadowed the Federal Reserve's interest-rate decision.  The stock market pulled back shortly before the Federal Open Market Committee was set to announce its decision to keep interest rates steady.  The move lower followed comments about trade talks with China from Trump in the White House.
While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock.
My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.