Title: Apple, Nvidia, Dell, and Others Get a Tariff Exemption Under New Rules
Date: 2025-04-12 17:42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/796b9892-3216-3680-9ef2-3b31b6a89f43/apple%2C-nvidia%2C-dell%2C-and.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Smartphones, PCs, and servers won’t face the highest tariffs rates, according to a document from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency.
The iPhone is exempt from the White House’s latest escalation of the trade war with China, the Trump administration quietly announced late Friday.  At one point,  Apple  had lost almost $800 billion of market value after Trump officials claimed imposing sky-high tariffs on Chinese-made goods would shift iPhone assembly to American factories.  Instead, President  Trump  blinked—again.
President Trump’s tariff exemptions on some electronics are the latest twist in U.S. trade policy and could benefit companies such as Apple, Microsoft, Dell, Samsung and others that manufacture some products abroad.
The ever-growing U.S. tariffs on imports from China won’t bite Big Tech so badly after all, after the Trump administration late Friday laid out significant exemptions from its wider trade war that include smartphones, laptop computers, chips, and more.
Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Nike (NYSE: NKE) are down over 20% year to date at the time of this writing, significantly underperforming the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite, which are also down significantly.  China is a key market for Apple -- both from a manufacturing and a sales perspective.  After Apple stock surged on April 9 in response to a 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs to all countries except China, it sank 4% the following day on news that the tariff rate on Chinese goods would be raised to a staggering 145%.
Shares of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) are currently 26% below their peak from December last year (as of April 10), a drop that has been spurred by ongoing tariff announcements.  As of this writing, there is a huge 145% tariff that's implemented on goods leaving China for the U.S. If this remains in place, it could harm Apple, because 80% of its production is still based in China, according to estimates from Evercore.  If the increased costs are eaten by Apple, on the other hand, its profitability will definitely take a hit.
We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due […]
Three Motley Fool contributors think they've identified magnificent stocks that could double or more by 2030.  Here's why they picked CRISPR Therapeutics (NASDAQ: CRSP), Summit Therapeutics (NASDAQ: SMMT), and Viking Therapeutics (NASDAQ: VKTX) as stocks worth buying now.  Prosper Junior Bakiny (CRISPR Therapeutics): Despite creating Casgevy, the first CRISPR-based gene-editing medicine to earn regulatory approval, CRISPR Therapeutics has not performed well in the past year and a half since hitting that milestone.
The worst may be on the horizon for this technology giant caught in the tariff turmoil.
Warren Buffett has built a fortune in the stock market by playing the long game.  Over the last 59 years, his investing skills guided Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.A) (NYSE: BRK.B) to an incredible return of more than 5,000,000%.  When the stock market falls, Buffett's top holdings are a great place to find quality stocks that you can be confident will bounce back.
(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump and his family have taken a interest in just about every corner of the crypto industry.Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsMidtown Office Building Evacuated on Concerns of Wall CollapseNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemInside the Quiet, Extravagant Expansion of the Frick CollectionThere are nonfungible tokens and digital collectibles; a decentralized finance project; a propo
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.