Title: Nvidia to Make AI Supercomputers Entirely in U.S.
Date: 2025-04-14 17:40
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/m/0dddfb14-35f6-3480-8348-751c761d5473/nvidia-to-make-ai.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia said it would start producing AI supercomputers that will be manufactured entirely in the U.S., a day after the Trump administration said tariffs are coming for semiconductor imports. The graphics-chip maker said in a blog post Monday morning that it is working with manufacturing partners to design and build factories for domestic AI supercomputer production. This will be the first time that AI supercomputers, which are used to power data centers that solely process artificial intelligence, will be made completely in the U.S., Nvidia said.
While Apple, for example, secured one for the Apple Watch at the time, requests for exemptions for AirPods and HomePod speakers were denied.  Other companies’ exemption requests for wireless earbuds were similarly rejected.  Of nearly 53,000 requests for exemptions from tariffs on Chinese goods filed during Trump’s first term, only 13% were granted, according to a WSJ analysis of government data.
Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told ABC News the upcoming tariffs for electronics are based on Section 232, which allows President Trump to adjust imports that pose a threat to national security.  Apple  just dodged a large bullet.  Late Friday news broke of an exemption for smartphones, laptop computers and other electronics imported from China, sparing Apple from the bulk of drastic tariffs set by President Trump.
President Trump claimed victory on Nvidia after the company announced it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S. because of his imposed tariffs. “They’re coming here in the biggest way, with hundreds of billions of dollars, not like millions of dollars, hundreds of billions of dollars and I’m honored by it.
Apple stock rose Monday on news that smartphones, PCs and other electronics received an exemption from U.S. reciprocal tariffs.
GS first quarter 2025 results reflect a rise in the Global Banking & Markets division, with record Equity trading revenues.
Apple (AAPL) received a major reprieve recently from President Donald Trump, Schwab Network Commentator Jenny Horn suggested today. However, Horn also noted that Dan Ives, a well-known analyst for Wedbush Securities, is still warning that there is “mass confusion” about the outlook for U.S. tech names, while Big Tech “remains in flux.” But Horn asserted […]
Nvidia (NVDA) will begin manufacturing AI supercomputers in the U.S. for the first time, the company announced Monday.
Costco delivered another solid month of sales, but is the stock still worth buying at its premium price? Here's what the numbers say about its future potential.
Nvidia  said on Monday it plans to build AI supercomputers in the U.S.  “The engines of the world’s AI infrastructure are being built in the United States for the first time,” Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said in a press release.  “Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain and boosts our resiliency.”
It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and...
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.