Title: What is the future of Nvidia’s products for the China market?
Date: 2025-04-13 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/future-nvidia-products-china-market-120003545.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Investing.com -- Analysts continue to expect meaningful restrictions on Nvidia’s H20 chip in China, despite a recent media report suggesting the U.S. Commerce Department may allow shipments to proceed.
The H20, a performance-limited version of Nvidia’s flagship H100 GPU, was designed to comply with U.S. export controls by staying below a specific teraflop-per-square-millimeter performance threshold. Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) has described the H20 as addressing "a very competitive space," but Morgan Stanley noted its performance is roughly 75% below that of the H100, which was barred from export to China last year.
When you force the best AI hardware company in the world to compete at what is now 85% or more below the state of the art performance level, pricing will be competitive,” analysts at Morgan Stanley wrote. They estimate gross margins on the H20 are in the 50% range, well below Nvidia’s corporate average in the 70s, and said H20 strength contributed to weaker gross margins over the past two quarters.
A report on NPR.com suggested that although H20 was initially targeted for restriction, the U.S. government may now allow continued shipments. Morgan Stanley said the report "has not been confirmed" and maintained that restrictions remain its base case.
Morgan Stanley pointed to U.S. export bans on high-end chips, which would drive Chinese firms not buy the H20, while newer Blackwell GPUs offer as much as 25 times the performance,That leaves Chinese companies with limited choices: using GPUs in foreign cloud platforms (where permitted), sourcing restricted chips through secondary markets (which is not allowed), or buying compliant chips like the H20 or AMD’s MI308.
The analysts said the public cloud is not a viable solution for all Chinese users and that back-channel procurement of high-end chips is likely overestimated, due to legal and financial risks. Which leaves companies with option 3, analyst say. And while buying performance that far behind the state of the art isn’t optimal, it’s the only option available, and companies have shown good results.
Related articles
Henderson Land PT Lowered to HK$25.60 at JPMorgan
Japan Hotel REIT Investment Corporation PT Raised to JPY87,746 at CLSA
Snowflake Inc. PT Raised to $197 at Wolfe Research
Smartphones, PCs, and servers won’t face the highest tariffs rates, according to a document from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency.
The Commerce Secretary delivered a shocking message on technology tariffs on Sunday.
We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due […]
This has been a brutal year for the U.S. tech industry as a combination of challenges, ranging from political uncertainty to foreign competition, has shaken some of its core assumptions.  Globalism is no longer guaranteed, and developing markets like China are transitioning from a source of low-cost labor into a viable threat to U.S. technological dominance.  The next 12 months could be a make-or-break period for Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) as it navigates the evolving macroeconomic landscape.
Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately...
How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year?
Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,...
Meta is preparing for the start of a courtroom battle Monday with the US government in an antitrust case that could force Mark Zuckerberg to break up his $1.3 trillion empire and sell one of its crown jewels: Instagram.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.