Title: Why Nvidia's $500B AI build-out may not be 'smooth sailing'
Date: 2025-04-14 20:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/why-nvidias-500b-ai-build-202557360.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Nvidia (NVDA) is ramping up US production with plans to build supercomputer manufacturing plants in the US, but investor enthusiasm remains muted as questions swirl around AI demand and rising competition.
Santosh Rao, head of research at Manhattan Venture Partners, explains why Nvidia's domestic manufacturing push isn't moving the stock.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.
What I can't figure out, maybe you can help us understand it, is Nvidia. Right? Now they're going to, uh, build chips and AI platforms here in the US. So certainly, uh, tariffs aren't going to be relevant for them once that's up and running in a year. And yet the stock is barely up today, maybe half a percent. Can you help us understand why Nvidia isn't up more?
Yeah, I think Nvidia has a lot of other things going as well. There is this suspicion that AI has run its course, uh, things like that. You know, maybe people have already got their chips already. So things like that. Then we had Deepseek, and there's some alternatives to Nvidia. Maybe you can do things cheaper and faster in some other ways. So that that total dominance of Nvidia is being threatened, though I don't believe that. Nvidia is still the major player. Uh, you need them for everything from robotics to cars to everything else. They are the core piece of every all the things that are going on, or that are coming down the pike. So I don't think Nvidia is at risk, but on the face of it, I think there is a risk. There is that feeling that maybe it's not smooth sailing. They're going to have some, they need to do some reinvention and be ahead of the game. So there are some challenges ahead. So they had other issues going as well. Uh, and Nvidia is playing the tariff game pretty well. They're well-positioned. They're already in, uh, in Arizona, and they agree to spend $500 million, which, billion, I think that's that's great as well. So I think they're doing the right things, so I think they're okay. But overall, I think AI, the whole whole setup around AI is kind of not as smooth as it was before.
Chip maker  Nvidia  unveiled plans Monday to produce new made-in-America supercomputers that power artificial intelligence, just one day after the Trump administration said tariffs were coming for semiconductor-reliant imports.  The chip maker said it would make AI supercomputers with contract manufacturers in Texas, its first public disclosure of a plan that would amplify ongoing U.S. efforts to bring semiconductor production back to domestic markets.  A darling of the global AI boom, Nvidia promised an eye-popping $500 billion in spending in the coming years, an announcement that echoed a similar goal disclosed by  Apple  in February.
Nvidia says it plans to mass-produce AI supercomputers, built entirely in the US, by 2026. The dominant player in AI is set to roll out half a trillion dollars worth of AI infrastructure over the next four years. Bloomberg's Brody Ford joins Ed Ludlow on "Bloomberg Technology" to discuss.
Nvidia (NVDA) concluded the recent trading session at $110.71, signifying a -0.2% move from its prior day's close.
President Trump claimed that his re-election and tariffs were the reasons why Nvidia announced that it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Remediation costs for meeting stricter regulations and weaker discretionary spending by consumers bled Star Entertainment dry, resulting in a loss of A$136 million ($86.2 million) on an underlying basis for the six months ended December 31.  The Visible Alpha consensus was for a loss of A$93.9 million.  Star Entertainment had reported an underlying profit of A$25 million in the same period a year earlier.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […]
The filing in federal court in Texas by the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and business groups that brought the case asked U.S. District Judge Mark Pittman in Fort Worth to enter a final order terminating the late fee rule.  Pittman had previously blocked the CFPB from implementing the rule, which was part of Democratic President Joe Biden's broader crackdown on "junk fees,” though Trump’s Republican administration could have defended the rule on appeal.
China just played another of the tariff cards it holds in the escalating trade war with President Donald Trump.  It’s the rare-earth metals one.  MP is the largest rare-earth producer in the Western Hemisphere, making neodymium and praseodymium oxides, among a list of more than a dozen.
(Bloomberg) -- As China staggers into a slowdown caused by Donald Trump’s trade war, a hobbled jobs market is impairing the resilience Beijing needs to battle it out against the US.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageTrump’s 145% tariffs on China’s goods are threatening to
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.