Title: Google Launches Expanded AI Text-to-Video Generation Tools
Date: 2025-04-15 16:08
URL: https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/google-launches-veo-2-ai-video-generation-tool-whisk/745452/?.tsrc=rss

Let Social Media Today's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
              Creating passable video content via AI is becoming more viable, which, given the popularity of video across all social apps, could be a massive help for digital marketers.  Though it does come with some risks. Today, Google has announced expanded access to its Veo 2 AI video generation model, which can generate 8 second clips from text prompts. As you can see in these examples, Veo 2 outputs short video clips from simple descriptions, which you can then download in 720p resolution, as an MP4 file in 16:9 landscape format.  As explained by Google: “Starting today, Gemini Advanced users can generate and share videos using our state-of-the-art video model, Veo 2. In Gemini, you can now translate text-based prompts into dynamic videos. Google Labs is also making Veo 2 available through Whisk, a generative AI experiment that allows you to create new images using both text and image prompts, and now animate them into videos.” Veo 2’s outputs look impressive, with (Google says) improved systematic understanding of real-world physics and human motion. The risk, however, is that they don’t all look so great, with some AI generated video still standing out with its overly polished, contorted, unrealistic depictions. Google’s obviously working to rectify this, but that is another consideration in using AI generated content, that you need to be aware of systematic confusion in display. In addition to Veo 2, Google’s also adding video animation to your visual creations in Whisk, which creates graphic depictions of described scenes. The same as Veo 2, these animations are only short (8 seconds long), but it adds another element to these visual explorations, which could provide an additional avenue to creating new, copyright-free, video clips. This is the next stage of AI visual generation, with video creation being the next big barrier that all the major AI projects are working to perfect. Many see this as a means to (eventually) enable full movie production via AI, which will democratize creative outputs.  Though the story, of course, remains the central hook. That’s the same in any narrative-aligned content that you create, whether it’s 8 seconds or longer, that the concept itself also has to resonate in order to generate a truly resonant video piece. But at the same time, if you’re just looking to animate your ads to tap into the broader popularity of video content, tools like Veo could also be a powerful complement within your digital marketing toolset.  Either way, Veo represents the latest advances on this front, and it could be worth checking out to get a better handle on what’s possible. Google says that video generation is now rolling out to Gemini Advanced subscribers globally on web and mobile, starting today and continuing over the next few weeks. Find out more at gemini.google.com. Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts The key to maximizing a social media marketing strategy is to ground the approach in purpose. For months, we’ve been tracking Elon Musk’s $44 billion deal with Twitter. Now that the deal is done, we watch as the Musk-Twitter era begins. Keep up with the story. Subscribe to the Social Media Today free daily newsletter Subscribe to Social Media Today for top news, trends & analysis Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts The key to maximizing a social media marketing strategy is to ground the approach in purpose. For months, we’ve been tracking Elon Musk’s $44 billion deal with Twitter. Now that the deal is done, we watch as the Musk-Twitter era begins. The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines