Title: Apple and other tech stocks rebound after Trump offers more tariffs guidance
Date: 2025-04-14 22:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-other-tech-stocks-rebound-223137743.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Stock prices of Apple, Alphabet and other Silicon Valley tech companies rebounded on Monday after the Trump administration said electronics, including semiconductors and smartphones, were exempt from the "reciprocal tariffs" announced earlier this month. But the bounce may not last. Tech giants could still face drastic changes to how they manage their supply chain and costs. Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick told ABC News on Sunday those electronic products are going to be part of tariffs affecting the semiconductor sector "which are coming," potentially in a month or two. Apple stock rose 2% to $202.52 a share on Monday, a boost from the stock's sharp decline after Trump announced reciprocal tariffs earlier this month. Google parent company Alphabet and chip maker AMD also got a reprieve, with their stock prices rising 1% on Monday. Read more: 'Nowhere to hide.' How Apple and others in Silicon Valley are bracing for Trump tariffs Apple stock plummeted after Trump announced extra tariffs on China, Vietnam and India on April 2. Trump has since paused additional tariffs on most countries, but has raised duties on Chinese imports to 145%. "We need to have these things made in America, we can't be reliant on Southeast Asia for all of the things that operate for us," Lutnick told ABC, adding that the goal is for the companies to bring more of their manufacturing back to the United States. The escalating conflict has worried investors because Apple and other tech companies produce many products in China. Though it has shifted more production to India in recent years, Apple still makes most of its iPhones in mainland China. Amid more pressure from the White House, Apple and Nvidia have announced plans to bring more jobs to the U.S. Nvidia on Monday said it is working with its partners to build and test Nvidia Blackwell chips in Arizona and AI supercomputers in Texas, with production ramping up in the next 12 to 15 months. "Adding American manufacturing helps us better meet the incredible and growing demand for AI chips and supercomputers, strengthens our supply chain, and boosts our resiliency," said Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang in a statement. Nvidia's stock price closed at $110.71 on Monday, virtually unchanged. Apple in February said it would invest $500 billion in the U.S. that would go toward various efforts, including opening a manufacturing facility in Houston. Still, analysts say it will be difficult to bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. and rebuilding supply chains could take years. Read more: Tech billionaires Zuckerberg, Bezos and Altman help bankroll Trump's inauguration. What to know  "Overall, we view the dizzying weekend tariff news as a step forward net positive for Apple as well as other tech names," wrote Daniel Ives, a managing director at Wedbush Securities. Sign up for our Wide Shot newsletter to get the latest entertainment business news, analysis and insights.  This story originally appeared in Los Angeles Times. Nvidia (NVDA) concluded the recent trading session at $110.71, signifying a -0.2% move from its prior day's close. The firm lays out how the S&P 500 could break out above its current trading range between 5,000 and 5,500. British shoppers spent more last month even as worries about the global economy grew in the run-up to U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff increases, according to data published on Tuesday.  The British Retail Consortium said sales at its member stores - mostly large retail chains - rose by 1.1% year-on-year in March, matching February's increase.  The increase would have been bigger were it not for the Easter holiday falling in April this year unlike in 2024 when it was in March, boosting sales in that month, the BRC said. President Trump claimed that his re-election and tariffs were the reasons why Nvidia announced that it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S. T. Rowe Price Investment Management, one of Autodesk's biggest investors, plans to vote for activist investor Starboard Value's director nominees in a boardroom challenge at the software-design company, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters.  T. Rowe Price Investment Management owned 1.08% of Autodesk's stock at the end of the fourth quarter of 2024 and ranked as its 14th biggest holder, according to LSEG data.  The source, who was not permitted to speak publicly about the decision, did not provide a reason for backing Starboard or why a decision had been made months before the vote in June and even before final proxy materials have been filed with regulators. Hertz said the incident may have resulted in personal data being impacted.  The company said Cleo Communications, a vendor that provides file transfer services, experienced an incident where hackers exploited zero-day vulnerabilities within its platform in October and December.  The affected data could include customers' contact, credit card and driver's license information, Hertz said in a notification on its website, adding that a small number of those may have had their social security or passport information impacted as well. General Motors is temporarily laying off hundreds of workers at plants in Detroit and Ingersoll, Ontario. The post GM temporarily lays off 700 workers at US, Canadian factories appeared first on FreightWaves. Tech stocks have grown exponentially in the past two years, with 2023 being a banner year for the sector.  The Nasdaq 100 technology sector index rose nearly 7% in 2024, having soared 66.7% the year before.  The use of artificial intelligence has also boosted attention towards the sector, with venture funding firms keen on financing companies leveraging the technology. Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in. Apple stock was upgraded by KeyBanc after smartphones, computers, and other electronics were exempted from President Donald Trump's "reciprocal" tariffs. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
