Title: When Apple's Tim Cook Revealed The Real Reason iPhones Are Made In China—And It's Not 'Low Labor Cos
Date: 2025-04-15 21:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apples-tim-cook-revealed-real-213129145.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Dow slides 700 points, Nasdaq leads market rout as Powell warns of 'challenging' tariff impact The Nasdaq was down over 4% as a tech-led sell-off intensified in late-afternoon trading The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs. Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war. The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why. The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China. Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength. Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook previously explained the company’s decision to continue manufacturing its products in China, refuting the widespread belief that it’s due to low labor costs. What Happened: A 2024 video of Tim Cook has resurfaced, providing insights into Apple’s manufacturing choices amid the ongoing U.S.-China tariff war. In the video, posted on X by CNBC TV18 reporter Nigel D’Souza, Cook dismissed the idea that Apple’s manufacturing in China is due to low labor costs, stating, “China stopped being a low labor cost company many years ago.” Trending: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum. Instead, he emphasized China’s unparalleled skilled labor concentration in one location and advanced tooling capabilities as the primary reason. Cook emphasized that “the products that we do require truly advanced tooling.”  On that note, Cook emphasized the sharp difference in vocational skills between the US and China. The Apple CEO stated, "In the US, you could have a meeting of tooling engineers, and I’m not we could fill the room." In China, however, "you could fill multiple football fields.... Hence, the vocational expertise in China is very deep”. Why It Matters: The U.S.-China tariff war has put pressure on American companies to shift production back home. Earlier this month, a leading tech analyst predicted a significant price hike for Apple iPhones if manufacturing shifts to the U.S., potentially reaching around $3,500. This is due to the complexity of recreating the production ecosystem that currently exists in Asia. See Also: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing — this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share. Furthermore, experts opined that Apple’s supply chain could face major disruptions due to new reciprocal tariffs. Apple had temporarily dodged steep tariffs on Chinese-made electronics following an exemption granted by Trump. A recent report also suggested that Apple completed an urgent logistics operation, transporting five planeloads of iPhones and other products from manufacturing centers in India and China to the U.S. within 72 hours, in a bid to beat President Donald Trump's new 10% reciprocal tariff on imports. Given these complexities, Cook’s emphasis on China’s skilled labor and advanced tooling capabilities provides a clearer understanding of Apple’s manufacturing decisions. Apple has lost over $500 billion in market capitalization since the Apr 2 ‘Liberation Day’ tariffs. On Friday, the stock climbed 4.06% to close at $198.15, as per Benzinga Pro. Apple holds a momentum rating of 62.11% and a quality rating of 86.50%, according to Benzinga's Proprietary Edge Rankings. For an in-depth report on more stocks and insights into growth opportunities, sign up for Benzinga Edge. Read Next: Are you rich? Here’s what Americans think you need to be considered wealthy. Warren Buffett once said, "If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die." Here’s how you can earn passive income with just $100. Image via Shutterstock Disclaimer: This content was partially produced with the help of AI tools and was reviewed and published by Benzinga editors. Send To MSN:  Send to MSN Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? This article When Apple's Tim Cook Revealed The Real Reason iPhones Are Made In China—And It's Not 'Low Labor Costs': 'China Stopped Being A Low-Wage Country Years Ago' originally appeared on Benzinga.com © 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Investors enjoyed another day of much-needed rest and recuperation on Tuesday after the last few bruising weeks, with no further strains in global trade tensions or left-field policy announcements from the White House pushing bond yields and volatility lower, although Wall Street closed slightly down.  The dollar rebounded from three-year lows, but U.S. President Donald Trump's upending of the global economic order suggests the "strong dollar policy" advocated by Washington over the last three decades has never rung more hollow. The stock market is now looking at "significant upside" from current levels, said Fundstrat's Tom Lee. Northrop Grumman is better than Boeing at building stealth aircraft. Might Northrop Grumman stock be better than Boeing, too? The stock market has been crashing this year and if you're a long-term investor, it can be a good time to invest in companies at discounted valuations.  Three stocks that are in a free fall right now that I still wouldn't bother buying today are Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA), Tilray Brands (NASDAQ: TLRY), and Rigetti Computing (NASDAQ: RGTI).  Shares of electric vehicle maker Tesla are down 37% year to date, and there is no shortage of reasons to explain why the stock is struggling. Three cybersecurity stocks have long-term potentials. These are: FTNT, OKTA, CHKP. Until excessive inequality is addressed, expect increased political violence, populism, and social unrest. Financial educator Bola Sokunbi left her consulting job and launched Clever Girl Finance after her side hustles and investments reached $1 million. The Wall Street veteran breaks down the big-data-analytics company's latest deal. Income investors can look at the proverbial glass of water as half-full amid intense stock market volatility.  Energy Transfer LP (NYSE: ET) is on the bubble to qualify for this list.  This midstream energy leader's business should hold up quite well even if President Trump's steep tariffs remain in place. Baby boomers in America are at or near retirement. So how much should the average middle-class boomer have in savings in order to comfortably weather their golden years? Trending Now: How Much Money... Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
