Title: Apple soars 15% as Trump reverses on most tariffs
Date: 2025-04-09 21:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-soars-15-trump-reverses-212631567.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Investing.com -- Apple shares soared over 15% on Wednesday after President Trump announced a 90-day pause in reciprocal tariffs for all countries besides China. For China, the rate will go up to 125%. Other countries will have a base rate of 10% during the negotiation period. While Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) makes most of its products in China, they have been shifting some iPhone supply bound for the U.S. to India. India is expected to see just a 10% U.S. reciprocal tariff rate as it is expected to be part of the negotiations with the U.S. In all, more than 75 countries will be part of the negotiations. Maybe more important for Apple is the fact that Trump said he would look at tariff exemptions for some companies. Apple investors are hopeful Apple will be included, especially since the iPhone maker has committed to investing $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years. Before today’s surge following Trump’s mid-day Truth social media post about the tarrif pause, Apple shares had shed nearly $800 billion in market capitalization. Earlier today, analyst Wamsi Mohan at BofA Securities estimated that if Apple fully assembled the iPhone in the U.S., the cost would increase 90%. The analyst also sees logistical challenges due to the supply chain if the company moves production to the U.S. Mohan sees several ways Apple can mitigate its downside risk. In addition to exploring strategies like sourcing more iPhones from India, Apple could also explore raising prices, pushing suppliers for cost efficiency, launching higher-priced products, and adjusting its release schedule, the analyst notes. He said shifting to a two-year iPhone cycle could ease supply chain strain from frequent updates. Today’s news is a significant relief for Apple, especially if it can get the exemption from Trump. Related articles Canaccord Genuity maintains Pembina Pipeline at 'buy' with a price target of Cdn$53.00 South Korea uses AI to measure North Korean leader's weight, lawmaker says Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Spec. Buy Rating on Filo Mining Corp  President Donald Trump is raising China’s tariff rate to 125% but also said he is considering excluding imports by some companies. President Donald Trump’s widespread additional tariffs on global trade partners has both investors and companies scrambling.  “Deals will be struck between the U.S. and at least some of our trade partners in the coming days,” Jefferies’ Head of Sustainability & Transition Strategy Aniket Shah said.  The White House says it has fielded interest from as many as 70 countries that want to come to the table. Market indexes shot up to levels not seen since the introduction of the Covid vaccine, if not well before that. An alarming spike in 10-year Treasury yields finally persuaded Trump to act on tariffs. The major indexes had their biggest gains in years as President Trump lowered tariffs for most countries for 90 days. Tesla, Nvidia and Palantir were huge winners. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc (NASDAQ:AMD) on Wednesday announced the new Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Cloud C4D and H4D virtual machines (VMs), which fifth-generation AMD EPYC processors power. The latest additions to Google Cloud’s general-purpose and HPC-optimized VMs deliver leadership performance, scalability, and efficiency, from data analytics and web serving to high-performance computing (HPC) and AI. Based on Google Cloud’s testing, leveraging the advancements of the A I'm 71 years old and my current Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) balance is $315,000 after withdrawing $60,000 this year. This is putting me in a higher tax bracket and I must pay a large amount of federal/state taxes. In addition, my monthly Medicare premium will increase. Will the Medicare premium increase permanently or only the […] The post Ask an Advisor: I Withdrew $60k from My Retirement Plan This Year Which Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is It Permanent? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAs I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Coming into Tuesday trading, the shares had lost 17.5% over the past three trading sessions, which followed President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day.” Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
