Title: Apple stock surges on tariff pause despite China exclusion
Date: 2025-04-09 22:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/apple-stock-surges-tariff-pause-223140722.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. US President Trump temporarily walked back his tariff policy on all countries except China. Apple (AAPL) was among the names to surge on the announcement despite its significant reliance on China for sourcing. TECHnalysis Research president and chief analyst Bob O'Donnell joins Morning Domination Overtime with Josh Lipton to discuss the stock move, the impact of Trump's tariffs on the iPhone maker, and whether the president could grant the company a tariff exception. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here. Well, Apple stock regained some of its losses today after the announcement of that 90-day pause on some new tariffs, while the tariff on imports from China to the U.S. has been jacked up to 125 percent. Joining us now is Bob O'Donnell, Technalysis Research President and Chief Analyst. Bob, it is great to see you. So when we say, when we say, Bob, you know, Apple regained some ground, let's put a number on that, Bob, because this stock roared today. Apple, Apple, Tim Cook's company, tacked on more than 15% in today's trade, Bob. Try to unpack that to the extent we can ever unpack one day's move. Is that because, Bob, is that your guess that okay, investors think in the pressure on China, that is still on. Trump made it clear. He's not happy with Beijing in the least. But the pressure in other parts of the world, the pressure on other parts of Tim Cook's supply chain, like India, like Vietnam, some of that's coming off, is that what you think investors were reacting to? Look, honestly, Josh, I feel like it was more just a release. And we saw the whole market obviously grow, and Apple did a little bit better than the whole market, but I think the vast majority of that positive reaction for Apple was just related to the overall market movements. You know, and here's the problem we still have, right? To your point, yes, Apple, Tim Cook has been building out the Apple supply chain, but we still know that India and Vietnam and other parts of Southeast Asia are a tiny fraction of Apple's overall supply. Most of it still comes from China, and that of course is now getting even higher tariffs. And of course, we've seen stories about how Apple airlifted, you know, all their expensive devices, they paid extra to get it here to avoid the tariffs. Uh, you know, and there were stories that uh Apple stores over the weekend were crazy. It was like holiday time because people were buying ahead of the tariffs. But that that's not going to last, right? That's unfortunately not going to last. And the situation that we've got now is yes, there's a 90-day pause, but clearly we've entered an era of complete unpredictability. No one really knows what's going to happen. And you've got this overhang. And oh, by the way, even without the overhang, you still have 125% tariffs on China where most of Apple's goods are coming from. So if that's true, Bob, and it is, the pressure on China is still on. I mean, Trump made that very clear, not happy at all since they're not being respectful, I think is how he put it. If that's true, and as you point out, China, key link in Apple's supply chain, what, Bob, for the investors who are listening right now, how is that going to ripple through Apple? What are going to be the potential financial impacts? How does Tim Cook actually navigate that? Well, look, a couple things, Josh. Let's not forget that hardware is still not all of Apple's business, right? The services business has been the most profitable and the fastest growing part of the Apple business for several years now. And honestly, even if for some god unknown reason, you know, sales of Apple devices stopped tomorrow, you still have over a billion installed base devices and they're buying more and more and more of these services. Now, that's not going to happen, but my point is there's still opportunity for Apple. It's just that, you know, the hardware piece of this story is going to be much more difficult. And you know, it's the whole notion of how they could uproot their supply chain. I mean, this stuff, you know, for people who know about this kind of stuff and I've been looking at this a long time, this takes years and years, and if not decades, not weeks, not months, nothing like that. So there is no short-term fix for some of these hardware issues. You know, and the crazy thing is, you know, if Trump is really focused on China, then he should really ease up on Vietnam and other parts of Southeast Asia, where not only Apple, but a lot of other tech companies and apparel companies and a lot of companies move their production to avoid being so focused on China. So if some of those things aren't released even more, I would argue, you're actually kind of helping China in a weird way. What would be the odds, Bob, you would place on Tim Cook being able to secure some type of exemption, some type of tariff carve out? Because it was interesting, Bob, just today, I don't know if you saw Trump talking to reporters, and some reporter asked him directly, hey, Mr. President, would you consider exemptions for American companies? He didn't say no, Bob. He didn't. He said, hey, that's going to be something we might take a look at. And as you know, Cook did secure those exemptions during Trump 1.0. You're right. Sorry, Josh. You're absolutely right. And that's yet another wild card in this whole equation, right? Because Apple has, I mean, they're a poster child for American innovation, you know, and one of the biggest companies in the world. And clearly, Cook has worked to try and engender a good relationship with the Trump administration. And so, I think there's going to be a lot of work to be done there. But you know, unfortunately, right now, again, that's just so unpredictable. And how long does that last? And how does that play out? And what other kind of cards get played to try and use that as a way to try and leverage moving supply chains without really accepting the fact that it's going to take a long time. All those are big questions. But bottom line is, I would not at all be surprised to see a carve out just for Apple, or maybe for Apple and Dell and a couple of other, you know, kind of key name, uh, American brands, but it's just really hard to tell. Bob, for investors who are listening right now, let's say you're an Apple bull, you're an investor, let's put traders to the side, you're an investor. You stay focused on what, Bob? Aside from the kind of near-term changes and headlines and drama, you stay focused on that massive installed base, Bob. You stay focused on that Apple intelligence upgrade cycle. For sure, you stay, I mean, the installed base is what gives Apple this enormous advantage over everybody. And so that continues to be a big issue. And they're continuing to build new services, and Apple intelligence down the road is going to be one of those services from which they're going to generate more revenues. Now, obviously, they took a couple of stumbles, it's hard to do for a lot of reasons, and a lot of companies are facing these issues. But look, down the road, there will be yet a large installed base of AI capable devices, and you're going to be able to run more things on the device. Apple will eventually figure out ways to monetize some of those capabilities. So there's plenty of positive roadmap for Apple. It's just, you know, right now, everybody's getting caught up with the tariffs and the manufacturing and the hardware piece of it. But if you're thinking longer term, there's still, you know, plenty of opportunities for Apple. It's not going to be easy to be clear, but it's not like it's doomsday, right? And again, as I said, even if somehow they stop selling devices, that services opportunity is going to give them some growth opportunities for a long time. Bob, always great to see you, my friend. Thanks for joining us. Thanks, Josh. Stocks rallied but yields on bonds with long maturities still ended the day higher. That means bond prices declined. The leaders of Mexico and Brazil said on Wednesday they would work to strengthen trade between their nations — Latin America's two biggest economies — as a counterweight to U.S. President Donald Trump's shifting positions on global tariffs that have thrown markets into chaos.  Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum and Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva met on the sidelines of a regional summit in Honduras, where leaders strategized how to respond Trump's tariffs and escalating deportations, among other issues. The recent sell-off has left few stocks unscathed, including "Magnificent Seven" stocks such as Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN).  Let's take a closer look at Amazon's businesses and financials to see if the stock could still be a winner this year.  It may surprise some investors to learn that the online sales enterprise is likely not a compelling reason to buy Amazon stock. President Donald Trump is raising China’s tariff rate to 125% but also said he is considering excluding imports by some companies. Reckitt Benckiser Group (RBGLY) has been upgraded to a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), reflecting growing optimism about the company's earnings prospects. This might drive the stock higher in the near term. White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt says Trump “believes we have the labor, we have the workforce, we have the resources” to make iPhones in America. "I think we'll end up making a very good deal for both," President Donald Trump says when asked about possible escalation after raising duties on China to 125%. Berkshire Hathaway B (BRK.B) reachead $492.64 at the closing of the latest trading day, reflecting a +0.46% change compared to its last close. OpenAI countersued Elon Musk on Wednesday, citing a pattern of harassment by Musk and asking a federal judge to stop Musk from any "further unlawful and unfair action" against OpenAI in a court case over the future structure of the firm that helped launch the AI revolution.  Musk and OpenAI CEO Sam Altman cofounded OpenAI in 2015, but Musk left before the company became a technology star.  Recently Musk, who went on to create his own AI firm, xAI, in 2023, has tried to prevent the ChatGPT maker from transitioning to a for-profit model, culminating in the current court case. Shares of Dabeinong Tech, a seed and animal feed producer, rose 6.45% by 0424 GMT on Tuesday and shares of Wens Foodstuff, one of the country's largest pig breeders, were up 5.1%.  Stocks of other key agricultural firms Wellhope Foods and New Hope Liuhe rose by 6.3% and 2.45%, respectively.  U.S. President Donald Trump's harsher-than-expected import levies, and China's response with tariffs of its own, has prompted a whirlwind of mixed tariff-related headlines that have whipped markets back and forth globally, wiping trillions of dollars in stock market value in just a few sessions. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
