Title: Why Apple (AAPL) Stock Is Up Today
Date: 2025-04-14 20:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-apple-aapl-stock-today-205118997.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Shares of iPhone and iPad maker Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) jumped 2.2% in the morning session after reports indicated that smartphones, computers, and a wide range of tech devices and components would be exempt from the reciprocal tariffs on U.S. imports announced on April 2, 2025. The list of spared goods includes chips, solar panels, flat-screen TVs, flash drives, and memory cards. However, President Trump added that the break might not last. He suggested new tariffs on devices like iPhones and tablets could come "very soon." This hinted that some tech and chip firms might still face some strain. In a post on Truth Social, Trump also emphasized that these products remained "subject to the existing 20% Fentanyl Tariffs" and were merely being shifted to a different tariff category. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick echoed this sentiment, noting that the current exemptions were not permanent. Though when asked specifically about tariffs on iPhones, President Trump offered a somewhat imprecise response: "There'll be maybe things coming up... I don't want to hurt anybody, but the end result is we're going to get to the position of greatness for our country." Despite the unclear outlook, the market reaction suggested investors viewed the temporary exemption as a short-term relief as it was likely to provide affected companies a brief window to adjust their operations and mitigate potential impacts on their businesses. The shares closed the day at $202.59, up 2.3% from previous close. Is now the time to buy Apple? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Apple’s shares are very volatile and have had 29 moves greater than 2.5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful but not something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business. The previous big move we wrote about was 5 days ago when the stock gained 4.8% as markets rallied sharply on news that President Trump announced a 90-day tariff pause. Reciprocal tariffs were also dropped to 10% for most countries, sparking renewed optimism amid ongoing trade talks. The major stock indices rose as investors, growing impatient of seemingly irrational tariff actions, welcomed the pause as a sign of a more measured path forward. However, Trump was quick to note that China was not part of the pause. Instead, he prepared to raise tariffs on Chinese goods to 125% after China announced retaliatory tariffs on US imports. This tough stance on China stood in sharp contrast to the softer tone toward others. In a week marked by growing uncertainty, this news eased some of the pressure. The questions remain whether we are out of the woods and can sustain the rally or not. Apple is down 17.2% since the beginning of the year, and at $201.80 per share, it is trading 22.1% below its 52-week high of $259.02 from December 2024. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Apple’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $2,812. Today’s young investors likely haven’t read the timeless lessons in Gorilla Game: Picking Winners In High Technology because it was written more than 20 years ago when Microsoft and Apple were first establishing their supremacy. But if we apply the same principles, then enterprise software stocks leveraging their own generative AI capabilities may well be the Gorillas of the future. So, in that spirit, we are excited to present our Special Free Report on a profitable, fast-growing enterprise software stock that is already riding the automation wave and looking to catch the generative AI next. Apple (AAPL) received a major reprieve recently from President Donald Trump, Schwab Network Commentator Jenny Horn suggested today. However, Horn also noted that Dan Ives, a well-known analyst for Wedbush Securities, is still warning that there is “mass confusion” about the outlook for U.S. tech names, while Big Tech “remains in flux.” But Horn asserted […] Apple and NVIDIA received temporary tariff relief to avoid increased import costs and price hikes, prompting speculation on which stock to invest in. JBS SA, the world's largest meat-packer, appears to have moved a step closer to obtaining the necessary approvals for a primary listing of shares on the New York Stock Exchange, according to a regulatory document filed with the U.S. market regulator.  The U.S. listing, which has been in the works for years, would provide access to a broader pool of investors and possibly aid JBS, which is now primarily listed in Brazil, in raising its valuation closer to its industry peers.  In the filing, issued on Friday, JBS projects that its board of directors could convene as early as April 22 to call a general meeting of JBS shareholders, who are required to decide on whether they approve of the company's "dual listing" plan. Another tariff climb down from the Trump administration sparked a relief rally in world stocks and bonds on Monday, but smoldering growth fears and deep-rooted doubts over the wisdom and execution of U.S. trade policy limited the euphoria.  Zoom out and the world continues to reassess its long-held faith in the dollar and U.S. Treasuries, the fates of which increasingly appear to be in the hands of foreign private sector investors. Alphabet (GOOGL) concluded the recent trading session at $159.07, signifying a +1.23% move from its prior day's close. Apple, Nvidia and other tech company stocks rebounded on Monday, after the Trump administration said tariffs affecting the electronics industry on products like smartphones are coming later. President Trump claimed that his re-election and tariffs were the reasons why Nvidia announced that it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S. How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... United Wholesale Mortgage claims the top spot on the latest list. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
