Title: Apple Escapes Supply Chain Crisis As Trump Excludes Popular Electronics From Tariffs
Date: 2025-04-14 18:31
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-escapes-supply-chain-crisis-183111921.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has managed to dodge a potential disaster as its key consumer electronics have been exempted from the 125% tariffs on goods manufactured in China by President Donald Trump. What Happened: The tariff exemption announced by President Trump on Friday night encompasses iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple Watches, and AirTags. Furthermore, the 10% tariff on goods imported from other countries has been waived off for these products. Despite the possibility of a new, lower sectoral tariff being imposed on goods containing semiconductors, and a 20% tariff on China still in place, this development signifies a major triumph for Apple and the consumer electronics industry that is heavily dependent on China for production, reports Bloomberg. Don’t Miss: ‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum. Amit Daryanani, an analyst at Evercore ISI, expressed his relief for Apple in a note on Saturday, stating, “The tariffs would have driven material cost inflation.” He predicts a surge in Apple’s shares on Monday following an 11% plunge this month. Prior to the recent exemption, Apple had devised a plan to shift its supply chain to manufacture more US-bound iPhones in India, which would have been subject to much lower levies. This strategy was viewed as a short-term solution to evade the high China tariff and avert significant price increases. Nevertheless, uncertainty prevails as White House policies are prone to change, and Apple may need to implement more drastic alterations. The Chinese Ministry of Commerce has described the move as “a small step by the US toward correcting its wrongful action of unilateral ‘reciprocal tariffs’,” and has called on the US to completely rescind the action. See Also: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+ houses built, and big plans to solve housing — this is your last chance to become an investor for $0.80 per share. Howard Lutnick, the US Commerce Secretary, indicated on ABC outlet that the late Friday reprieve was temporary, and reiterated Trump's plan to apply a different, specific levy to the sector. Why It Matters: The tariff exemption is a significant development for Apple, which heavily relies on China for manufacturing its products. The move could potentially save the company from significant cost inflation, as noted by Evercore ISI analyst Amit Daryanani. However, the uncertainty surrounding White House policies and the temporary nature of the reprieve means that Apple may still need to consider alternative strategies, such as shifting more of its manufacturing to countries like India. The ongoing trade tensions between the US and China also add an element of unpredictability to the situation. Read Next: How do billionaires pay less in income tax than you? Tax deferring is their number one strategy. If there was a new fund backed by Jeff Bezos offering a 7-9% target yield with monthly dividends would you invest in it? Image: Shutterstock Send To MSN:  Send to MSN Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market. Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga? This article Apple Escapes Supply Chain Crisis As Trump Excludes Popular Electronics From Tariffs originally appeared on Benzinga.com © 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple and other companies might have a chance to negotiate tariff exemptions, potentially in exchange for U.S. manufacturing commitments. Answering reporters’ questions in the Oval Office, Trump said he may cut deals for car companies to help them manage the impact of tariffs.  Currently, 25% levies apply to car imports, with similar levies for car parts expected in early May. The military alliance will use Palantir’s Maven Smart System to modernize its war-fighting capabilities. Apple stock was upgraded by KeyBanc after smartphones, computers, and other electronics were exempted from President Donald Trump's "reciprocal" tariffs. It used to be that once you worked for 30 years at the same company and were ready to retire, you would simply punch out and collect your pension. Retirement today looks a lot different, and... The average monthly Social Security check for retirees differs dramatically between ages 62 and 99. How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Want to be a better investor? Follow these strategies used by Warren Buffett If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. These stocks have a record of strong growth and several offer a dividend. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
