Title: Which Mag-7 Stock, Apple or NVIDIA, Should You Buy for Tariff Relief?
Date: 2025-04-14 19:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mag-7-stock-apple-nvidia-190000531.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. The 'Trump put' makes an appearance March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. With new tariffs being imposed by President Donald Trump on Chinese goods at the beginning of April, Apple Inc AAPL and NVIDIA Corporation NVDA saw their stocks decline. However, the latest tariff relief has been a blessing in disguise for these tech behemoths, helping them prevent higher import costs and product price rises. This has prompted speculation on which stock to invest in. Let’s explore –  President Trump’s steep tariffs on goods produced and imported from China could have disrupted Apple’s supply chains as severely as during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, Apple breathed a sigh of relief after the Trump administration exempted electronic devices like smartphones and computers from reciprocal tariffs.  Before the tariff exemption, Apple planned to increase iPhone production in India, which is subject to lower levies, while also securing its supply chain. Apple intends to produce over 30 million iPhones in India, satisfying a significant portion of American demand, which constitutes a third of global demand.  However, Apple is manufacturing its upcoming iPhone 17 in China, which will be launched soon. Shifting the production base to India or another location in a short time will require a herculean effort. It may also lead to retaliation from China, which has set up inquiries into U.S. companies and may create difficulties for Apple through its customs processes.  A complete breakup from China would be improbable as Apple produces the bulk of its iPhones in China, and there is a dearth of required skills to manufacture iPhones in the United States at the moment. Instead, Apple argued that the United States should boost semiconductor production and revive high-value job opportunities.  However, the tariff relief is temporary, and if no breakthrough occurs soon, it may impact Apple’s near-term profitability. President Trump said that relying on China for vital tech goods like smartphones and semiconductors isn’t acceptable. If tariffs are imposed, iPhone prices will rise, impacting American consumers and Apple’s sales volume. Anyhow, some tariffs still apply to goods imported from China and there may be sectoral tariffs on goods that have semiconductors, which can further affect Apple’s stagnating revenues. Given the supply-chain risks, stagnant revenues and tariff uncertainties, Apple isn’t a favorable stock choice currently. Moreover, according to the price/earnings (P/E) ratio, Apple stock trades at 27.4X forward earnings. In comparison, the Computer - Micro Computers industry’s forward earnings multiple is 26.05. The Apple stock, therefore, is overvalued and may plummet if tariff issues remain unresolved. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Like Apple, NVIDIA too got a momentary relief from Trump’s tariffs. This is because certain critical chips used by NVIDIA and produced in China were exempted. Now, there is a 90-day pause in tariffs, but the outcome depends on how the negotiations between the United States and its trade partners unfold. So, an element of ambiguity persists.  However, NVIDIA remains the preferred stock to buy during these times of distress. With graphic processing units (GPUs) continuing to gain popularity at a breakneck speed and artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure spending increasing, NVIDIA’s long-term future looks brighter. Lest we forget, Apple faces tough competition across all segments, economic challenges, and regulatory hazards, affecting its long-term outlook.  Coming back to NVIDIA, the company is experiencing high demand for new Blackwell and older Hopper chips because of their superior AI interfaces compared to competitors. The company’s CUDA software platform is in more demand among developers than Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.’s AMD ROCm software platform. Major cloud computing companies like Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN and Alphabet Inc. GOOGL  are also spending billions of dollars on AI data center infrastructure, which could benefit NVIDIA (read more: Which AI Stock, NVIDIA or Broadcom, Is the Better Bargain to Buy?). NVIDIA stock is currently more affordable than its competitors, with a forward P/E ratio of 25.18 compared to the Semiconductor - General industry’s 28.4X forward earnings multiple. This leads to NVIDIA having a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) at present, whereas Apple has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). Image Source: Zacks Investment Research You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Apple Inc. (AAPL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Another tariff climb down from the Trump administration sparked a relief rally in world stocks and bonds on Monday, but smoldering growth fears and deep-rooted doubts over the wisdom and execution of U.S. trade policy limited the euphoria.  Zoom out and the world continues to reassess its long-held faith in the dollar and U.S. Treasuries, the fates of which increasingly appear to be in the hands of foreign private sector investors. We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Hints at a Bigger Agenda Behind Tariffs and Breaks Down These 7 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […] “Tesla (TSLA) has been holding up quite well over the past couple of weeks,” Schwab Network Correspondent George Tsilis said on the network recently. Moreover, TSLA does “not necessarily have the most exposure to international” catalysts, Tsilis added. An economist who worked for CME Group in the past, Tsilis was also a Financial Advisor for […] President Trump claimed that his re-election and tariffs were the reasons why Nvidia announced that it would build its AI supercomputers entirely in the U.S. Amazon (AMZN) reachead $182.13 at the closing of the latest trading day, reflecting a -1.48% change compared to its last close. How much does the radio host expect you to invest each year? Retiring on a fixed income can seem daunting, but with some planning and commitment to a frugal lifestyle, it's possible to retire comfortably on $2,000 a month. This takes discipline but ultimately... Many people see financial prosperity as an unattainable dream reserved only for those born into affluent families or lucky and talented enough to attain fantastic six-figure jobs. In a YouTube video,... Is it possible to find savings accounts with interest rates of 4% or more? See which banks currently offer 4% interest savings accounts and open an account today. If you’re making $275,000 a year, you can't contribute to a Roth IRA due to income limits. However, a backdoor conversion can allow a high earner to sock away unlimited sums in a Roth account, enabling tax-free requirement withdrawals and a way past pesky required minimum distribution rules (RMDs) that many pretax retirement account require. […] The post I’m Earning $275k This Year. Can I Use a Backdoor Roth Strategy to Reduce Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
