Title: Nike’s 30-Year Gamble on Vietnam Is Rattled by Trump Tariffs
Date: 2025-04-09 17:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nike-30-gamble-vietnam-gets-162848353.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect. Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today. Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008. Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid' The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points. Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries. Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome' Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it. Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next. Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs. Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks? Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil 'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now' Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity' Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates. Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back' Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know. Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now. Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil 'Too late to panic': Wall Street strategists warn messy tariff fallout won't go away anytime soon Tariff fallout in focus after stocks' worst week since 2020: What to know this week How to protect your money during economic turmoil, stock market volatility Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Elon Musk says Europe and the US should move to a "zero-tariff situation." The EU is currently set to face a 20% US tariff. Trump's tariffs stoke concerns that 'Republicans can kiss goodbye to their majority' in 2026 So, what happens during stagflation? And how does it impact your wallet? US customs began collecting the new 10% tariff on imports early on Saturday morning. Follow our liveblog for updates. A dealmaking freeze and the biggest stocks rout since 2023 are raising the stakes for Wall Street’s earnings season Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- At Nike Inc. headquarters in Beaverton, Oregon, executives are trying to figure out how to best spread the pain of new tariffs. Nike, the factories that produce its goods, the wholesalers that sell the goods and ultimately shoppers will all likely share portions of the cost, according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be named discussing private conversations. The backbone of Nike’s supply chain is being threatened by President Donald Trump’s global tariff campaign, straining a decades-long investment just as the world’s largest sneaker company tries to rebound under a new chief executive officer. Over the past 30 years, Nike has funneled billions of dollars of production into Vietnam, helping turn the southeast Asian nation into a powerhouse for footwear and apparel production. On Wednesday, Trump imposed a 46% tariff on goods from Vietnam — among the steepest of the countries he targeted — that threatens to devastate its manufacturing industries. The announcement was then thrown into limbo hours later when Trump said he would pause higher tariffs on dozens of non-retaliating countries for 90 days. Nike shares rose 7.2% at 1:30 p.m. in New York after Trump posted about the pause on social media. Nike has become a symbol of corporate fallout from Trump’s tariff blitz: a famed US brand entangled in an economic calamity that’s wiped trillions from stocks and pushed global supply chains into disarray. Executives have been left with a costly conundrum across Asia, where nearly all Nike sneakers are made. The timing couldn’t be worse. New CEO Elliott Hill, a longtime Nike executive who came out of retirement in October, is attempting to revive a company weighed down by slumping sales and corporate layoffs. Nike expects further declines in revenue and profitability, and shares have fallen 30% so far this year. Hill must now navigate rising costs across his supply chain, with the possibility of passing price hikes on to consumers. In March, he told investors that he visited factory partners in Asia “to see how we’re executing,” but has yet to outline a plan to manage tariff fallout. A representative for Nike didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. Management’s options are limited, and analysts say it’s impossible for Nike to quickly reorient its supply chain. Vietnam, China and Indonesia — all hard-hit by Trump tariffs — account for 95% of Nike footwear production. The total workforce that manufactures Nike products in those three countries is roughly 850,000 — slightly larger than Apple Inc. supplier Foxconn, according to company disclosures. TD Cowen analyst John Kernan said there’s simply nowhere else with the comparable capacity or labor costs to absorb that volume. All eyes, then, are on Vietnam — Nike’s most important production base. Betting on Vietnam Nike entered Vietnam in 1995 with five contract footwear factories, part of a long-term bet by cofounder Phil Knight. It was a gamble because the industry was still developing and its workforce lacked experience and oversight, but Knight saw opportunity. “I always vowed that someday Nike would have a factory in or near Saigon,” which is now known as Ho Chi Minh City, Knight said in his memoir. Nike’s presence was immediately scrutinized. After a labor scandal erupted, Knight flew to Vietnam to confront the crisis. In 1998, he pledged to root out child labor from Nike’s supply chain in a speech in Washington DC. Since then, Nike’s footprint in Vietnam has only increased, adding more factories as the industry gained infrastructure and manufacturing experience. Rivals like Adidas AG and Puma SE followed, as did newer brands such as Lululemon Athletica Inc., Skechers USA Inc. and Allbirds Inc. Half of all Nike brand sneakers are made in Vietnam now, according to filings. Vietnam’s footwear and apparel industries were big winners during Trump’s first term. Geopolitical tensions pushed Western brands out of China and they flocked to Vietnam, with its established manufacturing history and infrastructure. Vietnam now ranks among the world’s top exporters of both apparel and footwear, according to the World Bank. Vietnam’s government has lauded Nike’s investments as vital to their economy’s growth. The nation has been among Asia’s fastest-growing economies in recent years, with gross domestic product up 7.1% last year, surpassing both government projections and estimates from analysts. That mutual dependence has led to a close relationship between Nike and Vietnam’s government. Officials in Hanoi have hosted Nike executives, including a chief operating officer, in recent years. In 2022, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh asked the company for policy recommendations to deepen Vietnam’s integration into global supply chains. Limited Options These days, Nike works with over 100 apparel factories, footwear plants and equipment makers in Vietnam, the company has disclosed. Most are clustered around Ho Chi Minh City, where major contractors each employ over 10,000 workers. Nike could pressure vendors to take on more of the new costs, streamline operations or coordinate with retail partners to raise prices, said Anna Andreeva, an analyst at Piper Sandler. But she warned there’s a ceiling. “That’s the number one question: How much price increase can the consumer realistically absorb?” Andreeva said. Executives at Foot Locker, Nike’s biggest retail partner, said last week that they’re in “constant communications” with brands on pricing strategy as they mull how much of these tariff costs will end up being placed on US shoppers. “We’re going to work through brand by brand,” Foot Locker Chief Executive Officer Mary Dillon said at a JPMorgan event last week. “It’s a combination of ‘What do they take? What does the consumer take?’” Meanwhile, Vietnam’s government has been working to placate Trump. On Saturday, Vietnam’s leader To Lam asked Trump to delay his tariffs for at least 45 days to allow for negotiations. He offered to cut tariffs on US goods to zero and encouraged Trump to do the same. Trump said the call was “very productive.” But White House adviser Peter Navarro said Vietnam’s offer wasn’t enough. Vietnam upped the offer on Tuesday, promising to buy more US defense and security products. US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent says Vietnam is visiting the US capital on Wednesday to discuss trade. --With assistance from Matthew Boyle. (Updates with shares and news of pause on higher tariffs.) More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Amazon.com has cancelled some vendor orders from China after tariffs were announced, according to e-commerce consultants who work with Amazon vendors and other sellers.  About 40% of Amazon’s sales are from vendors it buys products from directly.  Since tariffs were announced last week, Amazon has canceled some merchandise orders for products coming from China, consultants said. Trump has launched an all-out trade war. Here’s the latest on what’s happening with tariffs — and what it all means for your wallet. The worldwide ripple effects from President Donald Trump’s tariffs have been so widespread that one analyst says some in the business world fear the issue may go beyond Trump simply taking a political stand.  Thomas Lee, a managing partner and the head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, sent a memo Wednesday that painted a picture of the fallout from the president’s trade war.  Lee wrote that he has had “many conversations” with macro fund managers who are expressing  concern that those in the White House aren’t acting rationally — and who worry the tariffs go beyond politics and policy. When it comes to retirement planning in the United States, those born between 1946 and 1964 are at the forefront of figuring out if their nest egg will keep pace with their golden years. The baby boom... I have $120,000 in after-tax contributions in my traditional 401(k) at work. Can I roll over just the after-tax money into my Roth IRA? I would like to avoid creating a taxable event. – Daniel Daniel, this is a great question. Your ability to roll over these after-tax 401(k) contributions to your Roth IRA may […] The post Ask an Advisor: Can I Roll Over $120k in After-Tax 401(k) Contributions to a Roth IRA Without Paying Taxes? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Wondering how long to keep tax documents? Here’s what to know about federal and state guidelines and how to properly dispose of tax documents when you’re ready. Pocket change can make you rich -- especially if it contains a coin that's deemed rare and valuable. Case in point: An old penny sold at auction by Heritage Auctions in 2023 for $60,000. See More:... For households with very little saved, there is a rulebook. A tight retirement requires you to restructure your spending, maximize Social Security and delay withdrawals as late as possible. For households with significant savings, there's another set of rules. You want to manage your wealth, plan for your estate and minimize taxes. With $850,000 in […] The post I Have $850k in My 401(k). What Should I Do With It When I Retire? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio 


Try again.
