Is Halliburton Co. (NYSE_HAL) a Small-Cap Energy Stock Hedge Funds Are Buying_
2025-04-30 00-21
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/halliburton-co-nyse-hal-small-002156756.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
We recently published a list of the 15 Small-Cap Energy Stocks Hedge Funds Are Buying. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) stands against other small-cap energy stocks.
On April 12, Bill Perkins, Skylar Capital Management CEO, appeared on ‘Closing Bell Overtime’ on CNBC to talk about how the energy sector is struggling due to fears of decreased fuel demand. Perkins discussed that the trade policy majorly drives the sentiment across the energy landscape and hence affects natural gas, energy stocks, bonds, and other related assets. Noting the difficulty in predicting the long-term outcome of these policies, he questioned whether the tariffs are temporary. The conversation then shifted to the impact of recent tariff announcements. Perkins acknowledged that natural gas prices initially performed better than other commodities following the announcements, which gives rise to speculations that LNG could become a key bargaining chip in future trade negotiations. He explained that, at the time, natural gas fundamentals were strong, and the US had the potential to use LNG exports as a diplomatic tool to help reduce trade deficits with other countries.
However, Perkins acknowledged that the overarching macroeconomic fear of a global slowdown soon overshadowed these fundamentals, which affected both the crude oil and natural gas markets. As a result, prices dropped to levels that might stimulate some demand and offer a buffer against further declines, particularly if the tariff conflict drags on and risks pushing the economy into a recession or even a depression. Perkins also addressed the effect of price pressure on production, specifically referencing West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil. He pointed out that WTI prices had reached a threshold (~$60 per barrel) where growth in the Permian Basin would likely halt or even decline. At these price levels, producers become reluctant to invest in new drilling, especially given the backwardated crude curve, which showed future prices at $58 to $59 per barrel.  This scenario would not only limit oil production growth in the Permian but also reduce the output of associated natural gas from the region. Perkins described this production restraint as a bullish factor that could help offset some of the prevailing uncertainty.
Perkins predicted that oil and gas executives would adopt a cautious tone in their commentary. He explained that, due to the unpredictability of the global macro environment, executives would likely let market signals guide their decisions about ramping up or scaling back drilling programs.
We first sifted through the Finviz stock screener and Insider Monkey’s Q4 2024 hedge funds database. For this article, we define small-cap stocks as those that trade between $10 billion and $30 billion. We then selected the top 15 stocks according to hedge funds and ranked them in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them. In cases where an equal number of hedge funds held two or more stocks, we used the market cap as a tiebreaker.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A drilling rig in the desert with an orange sunset in the background.
Market Capitalization as of April 25: $17.97 billion
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 49
Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) provides products and services to the energy industry. It operates in two segments: Completion & Production and Drilling & Evaluation. The company offers a range of products/services, such as production enhancement services, cementing services, electrical submersible pumps, performance additives, completion fluids, specialized testing equipment, and others.
Halliburton’s International markets segment generated $3.2 billion in revenue in Q1 2025, which was a solid contribution to the total company revenue of $5.4 billion. While this figure reflects a slight 2% year-over-year decrease due to lower activity in Mexico, the underlying strength of the international business is evident, as excluding Mexico, international revenues grew by mid-single digits.
The company also secured meaningful contract awards in this segment, extending through 2026 and beyond, particularly with Shell in Brazil, Suriname, and West Africa. While there’s increased uncertainty in the overall international outlook due to the dynamic trade environment and OPEC production, Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) anticipates its year-over-year international revenue to be flat to slightly down for the remainder of 2025.
Overall, HAL ranks 6th on our list of the small-cap energy stocks hedge funds are buying. While we acknowledge the growth potential of HAL, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than HAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
We recently published a list of Energy Stocks that are Losing This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Baker Hughes Company (NASDAQ:BKR) stands against other energy stocks that are declining this week. After a slight uptick, the global crude oil price fell again over the last week, declining by […]
Based on the average brokerage recommendation (ABR), Schlumberger (SLB) should be added to one's portfolio. Wall Street analysts' overly optimistic recommendations cast doubt on the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric. So, is the stock worth buying?
Schlumberger (SLB) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects.
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
Should you make 401(k) or Roth IRA contributions? In a perfect world, the answer would be both. If you have the means, maximizing your traditional 401(k) and Roth contributions is a great way to build a diversified set of retirement savings. But, of course, your paycheck gets a vote. So, if you have to choose, […] The post My Husband and I Are in Our 50s, Have $1 Million in Our 401(k)s and Want to Retire at 65. Should We Switch to Roth Contributions? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.