Halliburton Company Just Missed EPS By 60%_ Here's What Analysts Think Will Happen Next
2025-04-29 10-04
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/halliburton-company-just-missed-eps-100447135.html?.tsrc=rss
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) shareholders are probably feeling a little disappointed, since its shares fell 5.8% to US$20.65 in the week after its latest first-quarter results. Results overall were not great, with earnings of US$0.24 per share falling drastically short of analyst expectations. Meanwhile revenues hit US$5.4b and were slightly better than forecasts. Following the result, the analysts have updated their earnings model, and it would be good to know whether they think there's been a strong change in the company's prospects, or if it's business as usual. So we collected the latest post-earnings statutory consensus estimates to see what could be in store for next year.
AI is about to change healthcare. These 20 stocks are working on everything from early diagnostics to drug discovery. The best part - they are all under $10bn in marketcap - there is still time to get in early.
After the latest results, the consensus from Halliburton's 24 analysts is for revenues of US$21.9b in 2025, which would reflect a perceptible 3.1% decline in revenue compared to the last year of performance. Statutory earnings per share are expected to descend 13% to US$2.12 in the same period. Yet prior to the latest earnings, the analysts had been anticipated revenues of US$22.0b and earnings per share (EPS) of US$2.61 in 2025. The analysts seem to have become more bearish following the latest results. While there were no changes to revenue forecasts, there was a substantial drop in EPS estimates.
 See our latest analysis for Halliburton 
The average price target fell 5.9% to US$29.90, with reduced earnings forecasts clearly tied to a lower valuation estimate. The consensus price target is just an average of individual analyst targets, so - it could be handy to see how wide the range of underlying estimates is. Currently, the most bullish analyst values Halliburton at US$38.00 per share, while the most bearish prices it at US$22.00. As you can see, analysts are not all in agreement on the stock's future, but the range of estimates is still reasonably narrow, which could suggest that the outcome is not totally unpredictable.
Another way we can view these estimates is in the context of the bigger picture, such as how the forecasts stack up against past performance, and whether forecasts are more or less bullish relative to other companies in the industry. We would highlight that revenue is expected to reverse, with a forecast 4.1% annualised decline to the end of 2025. That is a notable change from historical growth of 9.1% over the last five years. Compare this with our data, which suggests that other companies in the same industry are, in aggregate, expected to see their revenue grow 3.5% per year. It's pretty clear that Halliburton's revenues are expected to perform substantially worse than the wider industry.
The biggest concern is that the analysts reduced their earnings per share estimates, suggesting business headwinds could lay ahead for Halliburton. On the plus side, there were no major changes to revenue estimates; although forecasts imply they will perform worse than the wider industry. The consensus price target fell measurably, with the analysts seemingly not reassured by the latest results, leading to a lower estimate of Halliburton's future valuation.
With that said, the long-term trajectory of the company's earnings is a lot more important than next year. We have forecasts for Halliburton going out to 2027, and you can see them free on our platform here.
And what about risks? Every company has them, and we've spotted   2 warning signs for Halliburton   you should know about.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Fast Food Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against the other fast food stocks. Fast food stocks are businesses that run quick-service restaurants. These stocks can be a smart option to invest in the […]
Hess (HES) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 2.26% and 1.28%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
When it comes to spending money on a vehicle, you've got to take the good news when you can. According to the most recent data, the average price of a new car in March 2025 was $48,641. That's a lot,...
Starbucks' latest earnings report showed a continued decline in US same-store sales as its business in China stabilized.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Learn about the rights, responsibilities, and requirements of being a cosigner for a loan.
My wife and I are both 65 years old. She will retire this year and I'll work until I'm 67. We'll get about $42,000 in Social Security and have about $1 million in savings. Can we live on $90,000 per … Continue reading → The post Ask an Advisor: We're 65, Have $1 Million Saved and $42K in Social Security Benefits. Can We Live on $90K Per Year? appeared first on SmartAsset Blog.
Millions of Americans got a Social Security bump thanks to the Social Security Fairness Act, which then-President Joe Biden signed into law in January. Beneficiaries affected by the Windfall...
Bankrate’s Greg McBride and others weigh in on what to expect for mortgage rates in March 2025 and beyond.
S&P 500 index funds are incredibly popular with investors, for a number of reasons.