Title: Stocks Get Whipsawed on Lingering Trade-War Risks_ Markets Wrap
Date: 2025-04-15 18:54
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-rise-led-japan-auto-040211765.html?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%. The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again. Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years. The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates. Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Stocks whipsawed as President Donald Trump’s fast-evolving tariff war with top trade partners showed little signs of abating, leaving investors unwilling to take on too much risk after a two-day rally. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six $15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago Policing LA County Floats Leaner Budget Burdened by Fire and Legal Costs That’s even as results from big banks underscored an equity-trading boon and still-healthy consumers and businesses. After climbing almost 1%, the S&P 500 fluctuated between gains and losses. Bonds rose as Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent downplayed the recent selloff, dismissing speculation foreign nations were dumping their holdings. The dollar halted a five-day slide. Subscribe to the Stock Movers Podcast on Apple, Spotify and other Podcast Platforms. Trump called on China to reach out to him to kick off negotiations, indicating there is no end in sight to fight that has seen both sides raise trade barriers to staggering levels. The Asian nation ordered airlines not to take further deliveries of Boeing Co. jets, according to people familiar with the matter. Meantime, the European Union and US made scant progress bridging trade differences. “We would advise investors to avoid making hard and fast assumptions about how tariff developments will ultimately play out in the economy and on corporate profits,” said Anthony Saglimbene at Ameriprise. “Instead, we suggest investors prepare for a range of possible intermediate-term outcomes that include slow-to-positive economic and profit growth and scenarios of slow-to-negative growth.” High uncertainty surrounding US trade policy and a spike in financial-market volatility has unsettled global investors over the past few weeks. Sentiment regarding economic prospects is the most negative in three decades, yet fund managers’ pessimism isn’t fully reflected in their asset allocation which could mean more losses for US stocks, a Bank of America Corp. survey shows. Fund managers are “max bearish on macro, not quite max bearish on the market,” strategists led by Michael Hartnett wrote in a note. “Peak fear” is not yet reflected in cash allocations, they added. Some of the main moves in markets: Stocks The S&P 500 was little changed as of 2:47 p.m. New York time The Nasdaq 100 rose 0.2% The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.1% The MSCI World Index rose 0.2% Bloomberg Magnificent 7 Total Return Index fell 0.6% The Russell 2000 Index was little changed KBW Bank Index rose 1.8% Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose 0.4% The euro fell 0.7% to $1.1270 The British pound rose 0.2% to $1.3213 The Japanese yen was little changed at 143.19 per dollar Cryptocurrencies Bitcoin fell 0.5% to $84,460.79 Ether fell 1.2% to $1,614.74 Bonds The yield on 10-year Treasuries declined six basis points to 4.32% Germany’s 10-year yield advanced two basis points to 2.53% Britain’s 10-year yield declined one basis point to 4.65% Commodities West Texas Intermediate crude fell 0.2% to $61.42 a barrel Spot gold rose 0.5% to $3,227.72 an ounce --With assistance from John Viljoen, Julien Ponthus and Anand Krishnamoorthy. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek GM’s Mary Barra Has to Make a $35 Billion EV Bet Work in Trump’s America The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession Trade Tensions With China Clear Path for Salt-Powered Batteries ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. Some of the highest CD rates are above % APY. Not sure where to find them? Learn more about where to get the best CD rates right now. Shares of major U.S. banks are surging Tuesday, after Bank of America and Citigroup became the latest lenders to report better-than-expected quarterly earnings on the back of a stock trading boom. (Bloomberg) -- A member of Elon Musk’s government efficiency team asked Securities and Exchange Commission Acting Chairman Mark Uyeda to grant read and write access to some agency data, according to people familiar with the matter. Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Even Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six$15 Million Fund Bets Leadership Training Can Improve Chicago PolicingLA County Floats Leaner Budget Burd When Brazil hiked trade barriers in its auto market over a decade ago, the government promised more local manufacturing, reliable jobs and better cars. As the U.S. auto industry confronts major tariffs imposed by President Donald Trump, executives and analysts are drawing parallels with Brazil, once the world's fourth-largest auto market and now a case study in the dangers of protectionism. Philipp Schiemer, former head of Mercedes-Benz in Brazil and Latin America, learned some of those lessons the hard way as he opened a plant in Sao Paulo making luxury cars, which was shut down in 2020. The Dow Jones and S&P 500 retreated Tuesday afternoon after rising earlier in the session. A rocket name surged on the stock market today. U.S.-based KKR is in advanced discussions to make an offer for Datagroup and an announcement could be made as early as this week, the sources said, requesting anonymity because the matter is confidential. Bloomberg News which first reported the deal said deliberations are ongoing and the deal could still be delayed or even fall apart. Datagroup has a market value of about 340.2 million euros ($383.47 million), according to data from LSEG. Tariffs on China imports by the Trump administration led to a collapse in trans-Pacific ocean freight bookings by U.S. importers. The post ‘Tariff shockwave’ leads to collapse in ocean container bookings appeared first on FreightWaves. PARIS (Reuters) -Nearly three dozen global pharmaceutical companies, in a letter to the head of the European Commission, demanded help to maintain operations in the EU despite threatened U.S. tariffs on imports, including measures to compensate them for the cost of pharmaceutical innovations, French business newspaper Les Echos reported on Tuesday. In the letter sent to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, the companies -- including Pfizer, Eli Lilly and AstraZeneca -- said they face cost disadvantages in Europe versus the United States, where drugs are sold at prices that on average are twice that of some European countries, such as France, Les Echos reported. Analysts at Oppenheimer and Bank of America reiterate bullish outlooks on the streaming stock ahead of earnings expected later this week. Dell and HP have been highlighted in this Industry Outlook article. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.
