Title: Jim Cramer’s Take On Johnson & Johnson (JNJ)_ Are Litigation Fears Creating a Rare Buying Opportunit
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 12-42
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-johnson-johnson-jnj-124243597.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Tariff Pain Isn’t Over Yet And Reviews These 9 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses.
In his latest appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer dissected the market’s recent rally and reminded his viewers to not mistake short-term optimism for resolution. As major indices bounced earlier in the day, Cramer warned that some deeper structural uncertainties remain unresolved, saying:
“Well, I think that those who are running companies are saying, what the heck is going on here? We’re trying to run our companies. Suddenly, we find that a country that we’ve dealt with for a long time, we have to just say, wait a second, we’re going to put a surcharge on. We’re going to pass through. So the issue is, who can pass through and who isn’t? Who has pricing power? It’s often like that. Who has scale? Who has pricing power? Who can tell the Chinese, listen, we’re going to go away, of which then you have out-of-stock parts. And who says, OK, we’ll split the tariff.
READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Got These 10 Stocks All Wrong and Jim Cramer Warns of a 36% Market Drop & Reviews These 9 Key Stocks.
Cramer acknowledged the bullish hopes circulating among traders and policymakers that quick deals with allies like Japan, Mexico, and Canada could offset the trade war’s damage. But he was clear that these deals, while politically useful, won’t erase the inflationary burden already being felt by companies and consumers:
“[Talking about expectations about the White House reaching deals with other countries] There’s going to be a deal. They’re very excited about Japan and the administration. Exactly. They’re very excited. By the way, they like Korea. […] Yeah, I think that Mexico, they are very much expecting it’s going to be a better deal. Canada, and they’re going to be able to trumpet a few days from now. Look what we’ve done by being really tough. And you know what? The Chinese are going to fold. They believe that the Chinese will fold.”
At the heart of Cramer’s analysis was a question he believes investors need to ask themselves:
“So, then the question becomes at a certain point, do you believe in everything else about President Trump that you’re willing to overlook the inflationary aspects? Do you believe the social aspects, are they so important to you? Do you believe the commitment he’s made to try to cut the budget deficit? Do you believe President Trump just decided, I’m not going to focus on the inflation? Because that’s really been unusual to not focus on inflation.”
To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on April 8th.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A smiling baby with an array of baby care products in the foreground.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 83
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) was portrayed as a fundamentally strong healthcare name dragged down by sentiment and litigation risk. Cramer acknowledged investor fears surrounding the talc lawsuits but suggested the worst-case scenario may be priced in. Here’s his analysis:
“Wow, J&J is another one people like that’s just going down so much. But a lot of people just are very fearful of Robert Kennedy Jr. […] For retail investors, there are these stocks that have good yield and good fundamentals. And I think that J&J is one of those. And Goldman recommends it today. And I just urge people to take a look and say, you know what, that stock is down, not down all the way at the bottom, but it’s very low. And maybe I should be a buyer. […]
Overall, JNJ ranks 3rd on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. While we acknowledge the potential of JNJ as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than JNJ but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Evaluate the expected performance of Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) for the quarter ended March 2025, looking beyond the conventional Wall Street top-and-bottom-line estimates and examining some of its key metrics for better insight.
Pharma stocks tumbled Thursday after the Trump administration said the delay for reciprocal tariffs doesn't apply to sector-specific tariffs.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) will release its first-quarter financial results before the opening bell on Friday, April 11. Analysts expect the bank to report quarterly earnings at $4.64 per share, up from $4.44 per share in the year-ago period. JPMorgan projects quarterly revenue of $44.14 billion, compared to $41.93 billion a year earlier, according to data from Benzinga Pro. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon warned on Wednesday that escalating U.S.-China trade tensions have significantly incre
Here are the best Bitcoin ETFs, including how much you’ll pay to invest in them.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
It might not be as much as you think.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
