Is Meta Platforms (META) the Best Tech Stock to Buy For Long-Term Investment_
2025-04-14 21:24
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/meta-platforms-meta-best-tech-212413580.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy For Long-Term Investment. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) stands against other tech stocks to buy for long-term investment.On April 1, Chris Verrone, chief market strategist at Strategas Research Partners, appeared on CNBC’s ‘Closing Bell’ to talk about his outlook on the tech sector. Verrone believes that most of the current market’s negative sentiment has already been factored into recent stock prices. He highlighted that even after the market’s decline, the VIX, and the currency and bond volatility are lower than they were during the mid-March stress period. Plus, fewer stocks are hitting new lows. He thinks that market lows are formed during periods of bad news, and the market will rally from its current level with an anticipated range of 5,900 to 5,950.Verrone believes that the current downturn is more than a typical 10% correction so it will take some time to figure out the market’s true direction. He emphasized the importance of monitoring market breadth, new highs, and credit conditions in the upcoming weeks and months. He also acknowledged the shift in investor sentiment, with more bears than bulls. As the conversation touched on the impact of the Fed and politics in a market, Verrone stated that he pays more attention to what the 2-year Treasury yield tells him instead of listening to what Fed officials have to say. He noted that the 2-year yield’s decline from 3.83% to 3.85% suggests a shift in the market expectations for the Fed’s actions. He highlighted the resilience of financials during the correction and contrasted it with the weakness of tech. He thinks that, unlike financials that entered the correction as leaders, the tech sector might not be able to regain the leadership role.While Verrone’s stance acknowledges the current weakness in tech, it’s important to note that the tech sector remains one of the more innovative markets in the long run. For instance, MAG7 continues to be a driving force for this market.We first sifted through financial media reports to compile a list of the top tech stocks that are being touted as long term investment plays. We then selected the 12 stocks that were the most popular among elite hedge funds and that analysts were bullish on. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that have stakes in them, as of Q4 2024. The hedge fund data was sourced from Insider Monkey’s database which tracks the moves of over 900 elite money managers.Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).A team of developers working in unison to create the company's messaging application.Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 262Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) develops products that enable people to connect and share with friends and family. It operates through two segments: Family of Apps (FoA), which includes Facebook and Instagram among other apps; and Reality Labs (RL) which provides virtual, augmented, and mixed reality-related products through consumer hardware and software.In Q4 2024, the company’s FoA generated $47.3 billion in revenue which was up 21% year-over-year due to advertising. Advertising alone made $46.8 billion and increased by 21% year-over-year. Over 3.3 billion people use at least one of the company’s apps daily. The online commerce vertical majorly contributed to the year-over-year ad revenue growth. The company is integrating its AI assistant called Meta AI across FoA, which now reaches more than 700 million monthly active users.Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) also uses AI to enhance ad ranking and targeting through Advantage+ to improve monetization efficiency. The company’s investments in these areas are expected to contribute to continued revenue growth in 2025 and beyond. On March 28, Evercore ISI maintained a Buy rating on Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META).Nightview Capital highlighted the company’s strong growth potential, due to its AI leadership with Llama model, advertising ecosystem, and AR capabilities. It stated the following regarding Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) in its Q4 2024investor letter:“Core Opportunity: Meta Platforms, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:META) platforms—Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp, and Messenger—reach nearly half the world’s population daily, making it one of the most powerful advertising ecosystems globally. With investments in AI and augmented reality (AR), we believe Meta is also creating significant optionality for long-term growth.Overall, METAranks 3rdon our list of the best tech stocks to buy for long-term investment. While we acknowledge the growth potential of META, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold great promise for delivering high returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than META but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thecheapest AI stock.READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to BillionairesDisclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.The Facebook founder and CEO took the stand on the first day of the FTC's antitrust case against Meta. The stakes are high, and not just for Zuck.Jeff Bezos is reportedly backing a Michigan-based all-electric mobility startup, Slate Auto, with a goal of developing a cheap single-cab EV truck to take on the likes of Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) and Rivian Automotive Inc. (NASDAQ:RIVN). What happened: A report published by TechCrunch shared that the company is backed by Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) founder Jeff Bezos. The report said that Slate Auto has brought in people from the likes of Ford Motor Co. (NYSE:F), Harley-Davidson Inc. (NYSE:HOGRecently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Altria (MO). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.We recently published a list of the 13 Best Technology Dividend Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) stands against other best technology dividend stocks. There was a time when tech stocks drew investor interest purely for their growth potential. But […]Meta went to court Monday against the Federal Trade Commission in an antitrust case that could force the social media titan to sell off Instagram or WhatsApp.We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially […]The streaming service has shared financial performance targets with staff that underscore its dominance.We recently published a list of 10 Best UK Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL) stands against other best UK stocks to invest in. Like most of the world, the United Kingdom is also facing slower economic growth in 2025, […]We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. On Thursday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, described the 145% duty on China as so extreme that it essentially […]We recently published a list of 10 Best Geothermal Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK-B) stands against other best geothermal stocks to buy according to hedge funds. Geothermal stocks are companies that use heat from the earth to […]Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.