Title: Mexico Economy Narrowly Dodges Recession Amid US Trade Chaos
Date: 2025-04-30 20:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mexico-economy-narrowly-dodges-recession-121152172.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Mexico’s economy expanded slightly in the first quarter on a jump in agricultural output, allowing President Claudia Sheinbaum to avoid recession as she steers the nation through an unpredictable US tariff policy.
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
Gross domestic product grew 0.2% in the three months through March, above the 0.1% median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg, after a 0.6% decline in the prior quarter. From a year before, GDP expanded 0.8%, higher than the 0.7% median estimate, according to preliminary data published Wednesday by the national statistics institute.
Quarterly growth was driven by an 8.1% surge in the agricultural sector, which bounced back from a plunge at the end of 2024. On the other hand, industry shrank 0.3% during the period and the services sector was flat.
The jump in agriculture “offset weakness in both the services and the industrial sector,” Kimberley Sperrfechter, an emerging markets economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a research note.
Since Donald Trump’s return to office, analysts have expected Mexico’s economy would slow for a fourth year in 2025 on a proliferation of headwinds including the “America First” trade protectionism from its northern neighbor. Surprisingly, those same concerns helped first-quarter results. Although manufacturing output was weak, exports were strong, with US importers bringing forward orders to dodge more punitive tariffs on Mexico’s goods.
“GDP data show the Mexican economy rose in the first quarter and narrowly avoided a technical recession, but it doesn’t ease concerns about the growth outlook. Results along with monthly data through February point to activity and domestic demand falling in March in line with waning tailwinds from businesses front-running tariffs that contributed to first-quarter growth.”
— Felipe Hernandez, Latin America economist
The risk of onerous duties on exports to the US, far and away Mexico’s top trading partner, continues to loom with Trump’s threats of “reciprocal” tariffs on more goods still a very real possibility.
Levies on products that are not covered by North America’s free trade agreement are already in place, along with duties on steel, aluminum and the portions of finished automobiles that aren’t made in the US.
Sheinbaum has been trying to reduce the tariffs via direct phone calls with Trump while Mexican officials also travel to Washington on a weekly basis.
Answering a question about how the GDP contraction in the US during the first quarter could affect Mexico, Sheinbaum said later on Wednesday she was confident that the local economy is doing well, since a recession was avoided, unemployment remains low and inflation is stable.
“There is growth, 0.8%, of course we want more, but in the face” of tariffs and the “uncertainty of all these months, it is good news,” she said during a press conference.
Since Trump’s victory, businesses in Mexico have been preparing for a scenario of high levies by increasing their exports to the US and looking for parts suppliers from countries other than China.
Meanwhile, real estate developers have been offering incentives to foreign companies to stay in Mexico, betting the local nearshoring boom will not end.
Still, Latin America’s No. 2 economy shrank by the most since 2021 in the last quarter of 2024, and many analysts have been marking down their 2025 growth forecasts.
Mexico’s central bank recently cut its 2025 GDP estimate in half to 0.6% while a Citi survey of analysts pegged it lower still at 0.2% — down from 1% in February.
Asked about the Finance Ministry’s more optimistic forecast of economic growth of 1.5% to 2.3% this year, Finance Minister Edgar Amador said estimates are “complicated” due to changes in international trade. “Our base scenario is not a recession, but an expansion of the economy” in 2025, he said during a press conference.
Economic growth during the second quarter will be critical to understanding the impact of tariffs in Mexico, added Rodrigo Mariscal, an official at the ministry’s economic planning unit.
The weak first quarter GDP data will reinforce the central bank’s concerns about the health of the economy, “which currently appears to be playing a more prominent role than inflation” for policymakers, Sperrfechter wrote. “This should pave the way for another 50bp rate cut at Banxico’s meeting next month.”
Sheinbaum’s administration, in turn, has offered incentives to foreign companies to relocate operations to Mexico, especially through generous tax breaks and the promise of significantly reduced red tape.
Every Thursday at her daily press conferences, she announces millions of dollars in promised investments from local and foreign companies as a sign of investor confidence.
At the same time, Sheinbaum’s popularity has surpassed that of her predecessor and mentor, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, as she rallies the country behind her.
While about 80% of Mexicans believe tariffs have hurt the economy, roughly three-quarters say they are confident Sheinbaum will be able to negotiate new agreements to reduce them.
Most Mexicans also see the country heading in the right direction overall, with 54% saying they expect the economy to improve over the next six months against 21% who see it worsening, according to LatAm Pulse, a survey conducted by AtlasIntel for Bloomberg News and published on Monday.
Despite that optimism, the first quarter GDP report was consistent with the broader picture of slowing economic growth under the weight of tighter financial conditions and worsening external headwinds, Andres Abadia, chief Latin America economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, wrote in a note.
“Output in key sectors is under severe strain, underscoring the complexity of the macro backdrop,” Abadia wrote. “Activity will likely remain subdued in the near term. Industrial production is set to stay under pressure, though output could see a temporary lift as firms build inventories ahead of potential new US tariffs.”
--With assistance from Rafael Gayol, Robert Jameson and Maya Averbuch.
(Updates with Finance Minister’s comments in 15th paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
"Women are a great investment," the fashion label founder says.
Countries across the Middle East and North Africa face significant challenges to economic growth as the region faces economic uncertainty due to tariff measures, lower-than-recent oil prices and cuts to financial aid, the International Monetary Fund said Wednesday.  The IMF's regional outlook report for the MENA region said Brent crude oil prices — which are down from highs above $120 a barrel in 2022 — are likely to be $65 to $69 per barrel in 2025 and 2026, making energy-exporting economies vulnerable to market fluctuations.  Tariff plans by the U.S. and other countries and geopolitical tensions also have created mounting economic uncertainty globally that is weighing down on the region's economies, which could negatively impact their growth by anywhere from 2% to 4.5%, said Jihad Azour, director for Middle East and Central Asia at the IMF.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio