Title: Morgan Stanley to Offer Crypto Trading to E*Trade Customers
Date: 2025-05-01 13:39
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/morgan-stanley-plans-offer-crypto-101533734.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Morgan Stanley is working on a plan to add cryptocurrency trading to its E*Trade platform, in what would be the most significant move by a major US bank to help everyday customers buy into the asset class since the Trump administration began removing regulatory barriers.
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
The project is nascent and executives envision launching the service sometime next year, according to people familiar with the matter. The firm is considering partnering with one or multiple established crypto firms as it sets up the mechanics for the brokerage’s clients to buy and sell popular tokens including Bitcoin and Ether.
Rival Charles Schwab Corp. said Thursday that it aims to proceed as early as this year with a previously disclosed plan for crypto trading.
The moves come amid a dramatic shift in US policy toward virtual assets. During his campaign, President Donald Trump hawked his own digital collectibles and soaked up campaign donations from crypto enthusiasts while vowing to make the US the “crypto capital of the planet.” His victory in November prompted the biggest banks to start rethinking their years-long posture of largely avoiding the notoriously volatile sector.
Inside Morgan Stanley, discussions on how to expand in cryptocurrencies began gaining momentum late last year, the people said. E*Trade already offered access to crypto exchange-traded funds, ETF options and futures. And in January, after the Information reported the unit was exploring whether to offer crypto trading, Chief Executive Officer Ted Pick said Morgan Stanley aimed to talk with regulators about ways to do more with the asset class safely.
Ultimately, executives decided spot trading on E*Trade would be the ideal next step, the people said. A company spokesperson declined to comment.
The moves by Morgan Stanley and Schwab could boost competition for crypto incumbents including Robinhood Markets Inc. and Coinbase Inc., depending in part on how Morgan Stanley’s partnerships take shape.
Big US banks have mainly stayed on the sidelines as crypto has ebbed and flowed in popularity over the past decade. Proposals to help customers buy tokens quickly raised thorny questions about how to guard assets that are known for being prone to hacks and scams. Watchdogs were even uneasy about letting banks accept cash deposits from high-flying crypto ventures.
The financial industry had its own prominent skeptics, most notably JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon. Over the years, he has called Bitcoin “worthless,” “a fraud” and a “pet rock.” Still, Dimon said last year that “I defend your right to do Bitcoin,” and his firm has embraced blockchain technology — with projects including JPM Coin — and engaged exchanges including Coinbase as clients.
Almost as soon as Trump took office, regulators started rolling back measures that discouraged banks from pushing into crypto. Days after his inauguration, the president issued an executive order aimed at promoting US “leadership in digital assets and financial technology while protecting economic liberty.” That same day, the Securities and Exchange Commission repealed accounting guidance that crypto firms had blamed for thwarting their ambitions to work with banks.
Last week, the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. withdrew 2023 guidance to banks on risks tied to the sector. The Bank Policy Institute, an influential trade group representing the biggest US banks, applauded the move.
“It empowers regulated financial institutions to better serve their customers safely and invest in innovative new products and services,” Paige Pidano Paridon, its co-head of regulatory affairs, said in a statement after the announcement.
Morgan Stanley’s former chief executive officer, James Gorman, was ahead of many peers in expressing interest in crypto, saying in 2017 that Bitcoin was “more than just a fad.”
Bank of New York Mellon Corp. also stood out as something of an exception, pursuing plans to custody digital assets. Gary Gensler, who ran the SEC during the Joe Biden’s presidency, credited the firm with doing the “legwork,” and the agency granted BNY a “non-objection” to the plan last year, a regulatory term that gives comfort to the bank that its structure doesn’t fall afoul of the agency’s requirements.
For Morgan Stanley, offering crypto trading at E*Trade would ratchet up competition with the likes of Robinhood. That firm has let clients trade crypto for more than a half decade — a business that pulled in $626 million last year, or 21% of Robinhood’s total net revenue. And as Trump’s policy changes boosted trading, the company’s first-quarter profit more than doubled.
The landscape is poised to get a lot more crowded.
SoFi Technologies Inc. CEO Anthony Noto said this week that, given the changing regulatory environment, his firm will consider adding crypto investing back to its platform after exiting that business in 2023.
And on Thursday, Schwab CEO Rick Wurster updated investors on the timing of his firm’s plans. He had announced shortly after Trump’s election that the company would look to add spot crypto trading once regulations changed.
Ideally, Schwab will introduce crypto this year, and certainly within next 12 months, he said. Asked if the light from regulators is green or yellow, he responded: “I’d call it pretty green.”
--With assistance from Paige Smith.
(Updates with Schwab’s expected timing for rolling out crypto trading in the third and final paragraphs.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Stock investors have cut risks by selling U.S. equities and buying bonds and non-U.S. shares in response to April's turbulent markets, Charles Schwab CEO Rick Wurster told Reuters.  "We saw clients repositioning themselves, trimming their risk a little bit, making sure they were well-diversified" in response to economic uncertainty, Wurster said in a Reuters NEXT Newsmaker interview on Thursday.  Trading volumes, which hit record levels early in April following U.S. President Donald Trump's announcement of tariffs, tapered off as the month progressed, but client engagement has  remained high, Wurster said in a wide-ranging interview.
The firm, located near the White House, plans to lobby for companies in these industries.
Bitcoin's price exceeded $97,000 on May 1 after more than two months.
Dao5 is led by Polychain alumni Tekin Salimi and has backed startups like Berachain and Bittensor.
“I think that blockchain and virtual reality are going to be an amazing force together,” proclaimed MoviePass’s CEO.
Mining profitability fell in April as the network hashrate increased 6%, the report said.
Banking giant Morgan Stanley is looking to bring cryptocurrency trading to clients through its E*Trade platform, according to a report Thursday.
Texas Republican Lance Gooden suggested to the agency that runs office space that installing ATMs will help align the government with Trump's crypto push.
Both bitcoin and the Nasdaq are above their levels just prior to President Trump's early April tariff announcements.
The firm's dao5 fund is set to become a decentralized autonomous organization later this year.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio