Title: Oil Traders Brace For Another Saudi-Led OPEC+ Oil Supply Surge
Date: 2025-04-30 09:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-traders-brace-another-saudi-094448217.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- Oil traders expect Saudi Arabia to steer OPEC+ to agree on another supply surge next week as the kingdom continues its campaign to discipline the cartel’s errant members.
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
The Last Thing US Transit Agencies Should Do Now
At Bryn Mawr, a Monumental Plaza Traces the Steps of Black History
Key OPEC+ members will probably agree to hike output in June by significantly more than the scheduled amount when they hold a video conference on May 5, according to roughly 60% of traders and analysts surveyed by Bloomberg.
Earlier this month, the Saudis stunned crude traders by pushing OPEC+ to revive 411,000 barrels a day in May — three times the planned volume — in a move delegates said was intended to punish over-producing members Kazakhstan and Iraq by driving down prices.
There could also be a political backdrop to the decision: Riyadh is seeking to strengthen ties with US President Donald Trump, who has renewed calls for the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to lower fuel costs. Trump is also striving for a nuclear deal with that could ultimately revive oil exports from the kingdom’s regional foe, Iran.
Crude futures plunged after OPEC+’s surprise pivot, which was announced just hours after Trump inititated a trade war with China and other nations on April 2. Brent contracts briefly crashed to a four-year low below $60 a barrel in the ensuing days, and were trading near $63 in London on Wednesday.
With Kazakhstan making little apparent effort to mend its ways, 13 of 23 survey respondents predict that OPEC+ will green-light another hike similar to the previous 411,000-barrel-a-day surge. Another two forecast the increase would be smaller, but still above the standard increment.
“History shows that when OPEC+ leadership decides to encourage compliance by supply pressure, it does not stop until it achieves its goal,” said Bob McNally, president and founder of Rapidan Energy Advisers LLC and a former White House energy official.
So far, the so-called “sweating” of OPEC+ quota cheats is bearing limited results. While Iraq has pledged to keep reducing oil exports, Kazakhstan’s international partners like Eni SpA say they haven’t been pressed to reduce output.
While the price rout does offer relief for consumers and central banks still feeling the effects of inflation, it spells financial pain for oil producers.
Texas oilman Bryan Sheffield has urged companies to scale back drilling to avert an industry “blood bath,” while consultant Rystad Energy slashed its estimates for US onshore crude growth by more than half. The Saudis themselves aren’t immune, requiring an oil price near $90 a barrel to cover government spending, according to the International Monetary Fund.
“Increasing supply to maximize revenue might be the optimal strategy” for producers, said Natasha Kaneva, head of global commodities research at JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Eight survey respondents forecast that, rather than risk a deeper market slump, OPEC+ will revert to its initial program of modest monthly supply increases in June, set at roughly 138,000 barrels a day.
The coalition had originally outlined a road map for such careful increments back in June, which would gradually restore output halted since 2022 in a bid to shore up prices. But it repeatedly delayed the restart out of concern that, with oil demand growth in China slowing and supply from the Americas booming, its extra barrels would destabilize the market. In early March, OPEC+ finally approved the first in the sequence of hikes.
Such careful adjustments — the hallmark of Saudi Energy Minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman for much of his tenure — were thrown out the window earlier this month. To many analysts, the Prince’s current strategy more closely resembles the brief price war waged by Riyadh against fellow OPEC+ leader Russia in 2020.
“Clearly, the calculus is changing,” said Matt Reed, vice president of consultant Foreign Reports in Washington. “Responsible producers are running out of patience with cheaters who keep coming up with excuses. The April decision was a surprise; the May decision feels more like a wake-up call.”
--With assistance from Salma El Wardany, Fiona MacDonald, Nayla Razzouk and Ben Bartenstein.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
As More Women Lift Weights, Gyms Might Never Be the Same
Why US Men Think College Isn’t Worth It Anymore
Eight Charts Show Men Are Falling Behind, From Classrooms to Careers
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
Buchanan had a total compensation package worth more than $20 million, making him one of the highest-paid executives in Wisconsin.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
For one of the richest people in the entire world, Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is surprisingly down-to-earth. He famously lives in the same modest house in Omaha that he bought in...
Most people want to retire rich. In fact, for many Americans, that's the only reason to work hard and save all you can. Like many financial systems, Social Security payments may not be equal, but they...
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio