Title: JPMorganChase Advances Innovations in Benefits to Improve Financial Health for Consumers
Date: 2025-04-30 13:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jpmorganchase-advances-innovations-benefits-improve-133000621.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Philanthropic commitments totaling $14.5 million aim to improve access to workplace and public benefits for low-to moderate-income consumers
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 30, 2025--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today, JPMorganChase announced philanthropic commitments totaling $14.5 million to support innovations in workplace and public benefits programs. These initiatives will help individuals, including those living on low- to moderate-incomes (LMI), access critical benefits such as education savings or retirement plans, that enable them to manage immediate financial needs, as well as save and build wealth. This effort is a part of the firm’s broader commitment to advance the financial health of customers and communities across the country.
Benefits play a critical role in improving the financial health of employees, particularly those earning and living on low- to moderate-incomes. Beyond wages, benefits help provide a safety net for workers to navigate their current financial lives and prepare for future goals like college and retirement. Yet fewer than one-third of gainfully employed Americans have access to workplace benefits that could help them manage critical financial needs, costing the economy nearly $183 billion per year.
"Whether it’s building a buffer for emergencies, saving for higher education, or preparing for retirement, benefits play a crucial role in helping individuals improve their financial health and build greater wealth for themselves and their families," said Carol Lake, Global Head of Philanthropy and President of the JPMorganChase Foundation. "Modernizing and connecting benefits across the public and private sectors is essential to supporting consumers at every stage of their financial journey, creating communities where economic opportunity is accessible to all."
Complexity of Benefits System is a Significant Barrier to Access
Beyond the workplace, many LMI workers also rely on the public benefits system but continue to face hurdles in accessing these benefits. Over $80 billion in public benefits goes untapped annually due to complex eligibility requirements, administrative barriers, and fragmented delivery systems.
While public and workplace benefits are often viewed as separate, they are deeply intertwined for LMI consumers who navigate between the two to manage their day-to-day financial expenses, cover short-term needs, and plan for the future. Modernizing and connecting the benefits system across the public and private sectors to ensure people have access to, and utilize, a full suite of benefits that meets their needs, is more crucial than ever before.
A New and Expanded Philanthropic Approach
Funding to support organizations working to modernize the benefits systems and increase access to critical support for workers include:
$7 million to Commonwealth: Commonwealth will partner with large employers and benefits providers in Columbus, Chicago, and nationally, to pilot and scale workplace benefits programs that improve the financial health of 2.5 million consumers. $1 million of that commitment will touch down in Columbus to build a local cohort of employers and benefits providers committed to this work.
$3 million to Code for America: Code for America's AI Studio designs and deploys technology-enabled solutions in partnership with state agencies to increase access to public benefits for all Americans nationwide. Through human-centered design, this program will apply AI solutions on common challenges, creating efficiencies across multiple states and benefit programs.
$1.58 million to Washington University: Washington University is conducting research into the role of public and workplace benefits in supporting the financial well-being of LMI workers, elevating actionable policy recommendations. For example, they found that less than half of low-wage workers had access to an employer-sponsored retirement plan and only a third were actually enrolled, leaving more than 40% of low-wage workers with nothing saved for retirement. Expanding the pool of employers offering retirement plans, promoting automatic enrollment, and offering incentives, is a key pathway to improving retirement security.
$1.5 million to the Aspen Institute Financial Security Program: Through this funding, the Aspen Institute Financial Security Program works to scale workplace emergency and retirement savings programs and advance efforts to bridge public and private benefits systems. By approaching these solutions holistically with a wide variety of cross-sector leaders, Aspen FSP aims to help all Americans comfortably afford everyday life, save for rainy days, and invest in their futures.
$500K to the Financial Health Network: The Financial Health Network will research to find key benefits and workplace policies that help improve workers' financial health. Initial findings suggest that benefits, such as retirement plans, enhance the effectiveness and impact of other benefits for employees.
$500K to Women’s Money Matters: Women’s Money Matters, as part of a coalition of groups with SpringfieldWORKS, will advance a new pilot helping low-income families in Massachusetts navigate the "benefits cliff" and transition to long-term economic mobility, while producing actionable insights to inform sustainable policy change.
$500K to LiftUp Communities: Across Chicago, LiftUp is partnering with social enterprises to strengthen pathways to upward economic mobility for low-wage workers through innovations in holistic employer benefits practices and tailored wraparound supports.
"American workers deserve to not only get by today, but to build wealth for a brighter future," said Timothy Flacke, CEO of Commonwealth. "Workplace benefits hold one key to unlocking this potential, turning wages into financially secure families."
JPMorganChase’s Support for Employee Financial Health
This work builds on JPMorganChase’s holistic efforts to improve financial health outcomes for employees – both within the firm and with employers across the country. In the U.S., JPMorganChase offers a variety of programs – ranging from 401(k) retirement plans and employee stock purchase opportunities to unlimited one-on-one financial coaching sessions and access to programs focused on preparing for the costs of higher education.
"At JPMorganChase, our employees work hard to strengthen our communities and make dreams possible for our customers every day – and it’s important we support them with a comprehensive and top-tier benefits package that goes beyond the basics and lends support through life’s milestones," said Bernadette Branosky, Global Head of Benefits at JPMorganChase. "We’re committed to helping our employees manage their financial lives, prepare for the unexpected, and build a foundation to reach their short, medium, and long term goals."
Learn more about how JPMorganChase is supporting the financial health of individuals and communities here.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading financial services firm based in the United States of America ("U.S."), with operations worldwide. JPMorganChase had $4.4 trillion in assets and $351 billion in stockholders’ equity as of March 31, 2025. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Firm serves millions of customers in the U.S., and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250430105812/en/
Kevin Bolandkevin.boland@jpmchase.com
Centene, Pediatrix Medical, Pfizer, StoneCo and Banco Santander have been highlighted in this Screen of The Week article.
British American Tobacco has a huge 7% dividend yield.  British American Tobacco is a safe harbor for today, but there are long-term issues to consider.  The big draw with British American Tobacco (NYSE: BTI) today is its huge 7% dividend yield.
Buying a stock is easy, but buying the right stock without a good strategy is incredibly hard. Here are five top-performing stocks to buy now or put on a watchlist.
Recessions happen, but they can have severe negative consequences for your savings and finances. To minimize its impact on your life, take these steps to recession-proof your savings.
Imagine that you have $900,000 in a Roth IRA and collect another $2,200 per month in Social Security. Can you afford to retire at age 66? A good way to answer this question is to start with your budget. What do you expect to spend on essentials, like housing and fixed monthly expenses, and what […] The post I Have $900k in a Roth IRA and Would Receive $2,200 Monthly From Social Security. Can I Retire at 66? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
While Social Security was never intended to be the primary source of income for American retirees, in many cases, it is. But even for Americans with other sources of income in retirement, Social...
Check out these creative ways to use a credit card to help you maximize your rewards and benefits on everyday spending.
One type of business loan is more affordable but the other can be more convenient.
And if so, how low can they go?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio