Title: 51-Year-Old Making $4,970 a Month In Dividends Shares His Top 6 Stocks, Aims To 'Create Generational Wealth For Kids And Their Families'
Date: 2025-04-30 17:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/51-old-making-4-970-171522626.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
Dividend stocks are gaining ground as investors scramble to safeguard their portfolios amid the ongoing US-China trade war. Jared Hoff, a senior portfolio manager at Federated Hermes, said while talking to The Wall Street Journal that dividend stocks are seeing a surge in demand, reversing the trend of the past couple of years when demand for risk-averse investments was low.
‘Scrolling To UBI' — Deloitte's #1 fastest-growing software company allows users to earn money on their phones. You can invest today for just $0.26/share with a $1000 minimum.
Can you guess how many retire with a $5,000,000 nest egg? The percentage may shock you.
A few days ago, a dividend investor shared his income report and holdings on r/Dividends — a community of income investors with over 700,000 followers. The portfolio details shared by the investor showed his monthly dividend income was roughly $4,973. The investor said he had about $1.2 million in cash equivalents, like certificates of deposit and money market funds, with paid-off house and cars.
The investor, who plans to retire in three years, said he had “ignored” dividend stocks until recently but began shifting into income-generating investments following the recent market pullback.
"I don't want to lose the growth aspect of my portfolio as I want to see it continue to grow," he wrote. "We plan to use the nearly $5000 monthly dividend income as of today and reinvest the dividends for the next 8.5 years."
Trending: The secret weapon in billionaire investor portfolios that you almost certainly don't own yet. See which asset class has outpaced the S&P 500 (1995-2024) – and with near-zero correlation.
The investor said his portfolio was down about 12.5% in 2025 as of the time of his post. He sold tech equities where he had already secured "huge" gains to pile into dividend stocks.
"We have five kids aged 17-23 and the goal was to create generational wealth for them and their future families," he added.
JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF
JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF (NASDAQ:JEPQ) is a high-yield covered call ETF that distributes monthly dividend income. The ETF invests in Nasdaq companies and generates extra income by selling call options.
The NEOS S&P 500 High Income ETF (CBOE: SPYI) is a high-yield covered call ETF that pays monthly dividend income. It invests in some of the top S&P 500 companies and generates extra income by selling call options on stocks, generating extra premium income for shareholders. SPYI has a distribution rate of more than 12%.
Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund ETF
Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund ETF (NASDAQ:BND) was among the top bond ETFs in the portfolio. The fund provides exposure to the investment-grade U.S. dollar-denominated bond market and pays monthly.
See Also: Hasbro, MGM, and Skechers trust this AI marketing firm — invest pre-IPO from $0.60 per share now.
Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) has a dividend yield of about 1.2%. The stock is down 17% this year amid broader market volatility and tariffs on semiconductors. Earlier this month, Oppenheimer called Broadcom one of its top picks in the semiconductor space.
JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) has a dividend yield of 2.3%. The banking giant's shares are up 8% over the past six months. Recently, JPMorgan reported first-quarter earnings that beat Wall Street estimates. Revenue rose 9.7% year over year in the period.
Home Depot (NYSE:HD) has a dividend yield of 2.5%. The stock is down 8% this year. The company's CEO, Edward Decker, was among the CEOs of major retailers who met with President Donald Trump earlier this month to discuss the impact of tariffs on their companies.
If You're Age 35, 50, or 60: Here’s How Much You Should Have Saved Vs. Invested By Now
Inspired by Uber and Airbnb – Deloitte's fastest-growing software company is transforming 7 billion smartphones into income-generating assets – with $1,000 you can invest at just $0.26/share!
Up Next: Transform your trading with Benzinga Edge's one-of-a-kind market trade ideas and tools. Click now to access unique insights that can set you ahead in today's competitive market.
Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?
APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report
TESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report
This article 51-Year-Old Making $4,970 a Month In Dividends Shares His Top 6 Stocks, Aims To 'Create Generational Wealth For Kids And Their Families' originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Durable demand, a strong brand, and pricing power have supported this stock’s 16% rise in 2025, as investors view the business as a safe play.  Berkshire Hathaway generates $816 million in annualized dividend income from this consumer-facing enterprise.  Investors looking to outperform the market over the long term should look elsewhere.
We recently published a list of 10 Jim Cramer Stocks to Watch Amid Trump Tariff Wars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. Jim Cramer in a latest program on CNBC talked about the latest signs of de-escalation […]
Cathie Wood of Ark Invest recently revised upward her 2030 Bitcoin price forecast from $1.5 million to $2.4 million.  The updated forecast reflects new thinking about Bitcoin's active coin supply.  Institutional investment via the new spot Bitcoin ETFs is the single-largest driver of Bitcoin's valuation, and needs to be monitored regularly.
The REIT routinely brings on new partners.  Vici Properties (NYSE: VICI) has grown faster than its peers over the years.  The real estate investment trust (REIT) has raised its dividend payment at a 7% compound annual rate since its formation more than seven years ago.
We recently compiled a list of the 15 Best Stocks to Buy During Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Sempra (NYSE:SRE) stands against the other stocks. As per BlackRock, 2025 started with a bumpy ride for the US stocks. That being said, the asset manager believes that the sentiment has […]
- Bond mutual funds were hit hard in April, losing roughly $60 billion in AUM. - Bond ETFs, on the other hand, experienced $10 billion of inflows.
Costco and TJX both recently hiked their payouts by double-digit percentages.  Costco's next dividend will be distributed to investors of record as of May 2.  TJX's next dividend will be distributed to investors of record as of May 15.
McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE:MCD) owns, operates, and franchises restaurants under the McDonald's brand in the U.S. and internationally. It will report its Q1 2025 earnings on May 1. Wall Street analysts expect the company to post EPS of $2.68, down from ...
Here are the top-performing mid-cap ETFs.
Ametek (AME) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 3.55% and 0.51%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio