Title: Foreign Funds Sour on US Corporate Bonds as Trump Sows Chaos
Date: 2025-05-02 03:17
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/foreign-funds-sour-us-corporate-031731585.html?.tsrc=rss

Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
More Americans are claiming Social Security early. Here's why.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang gets first salary boost in 10 years
Trump's tariffs are pulling in billions, but the revenue boom could be short-lived. Here's why.
S&P 500 wipes out Trump tariff losses, marks longest winning streak in 20 years as trade war cools
China says 'the door is open' to trade talks, while Canada's Carney is set to meet with Trump next week.
Investors cheered a solid jobs report and a thaw in US-China relations. The S&P 500 eyed its longest win streak in over 20 years.
Trump once again called on the Fed to lower rates. But the jobs report could reinforce Chair Powell's cautious stance.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq jump amid jobs report beat, hopes for US-China talks
The US economy added 177,000 jobs in April as the labor market remained resilient in the wake of Trump's tariffs
The AI revolution is an advertising revolution
China says it’s evaluating US talks after weeks of stalemate (Bloomberg)
The April jobs report comes at a critical moment for markets. Here's what to expect.
'People are visiting less': Food chains warn tariffs are triggering a pullback in spending
Apple beats earnings on strong iPhone sales, authorizes $100 billion stock buyback
Watch our special report with insights, analysis, and key takeaways from Apple's high-stakes update.
Amazon beats on earnings but stock sinks as forecast spooks investors
Nasdaq surges as AI trade reignites amid Big Tech earnings; Dow, S&P 500 rise for 8th day
Even as Tesla's board denied kicking off a search to replace Musk, one analyst thinks it could help push him out of government.
Manufacturing activity in the US hit a five-month low in April, as Trump's tariffs left businesses in a 'state of near paralysis'
The Nasdaq surged over 2% as upbeat Microsoft and Meta results boosted optimism around Big Tech
Nasdaq leads way higher as stocks rally after Microsoft, Meta beats reassure Wall Street
Weekly jobless claims jumped to their highest level in two months, in the latest sign of a labor market slowdown
The month that Trump blinked on trade
Negative GDP is the latest data to offer 2 views on the US economy
The tech giant is set to report earnings Thursday with Trump's tariff whiplash in focus. Here's what to expect.
Here's how the courts could upend Trump's tariffs
Oil prices post biggest monthly drop since 2021 as trade war sparks recession, demand fears
Meta stock jumps after strong earnings, upbeat outlook shrugs off tariff worries
Microsoft stock soars after company beats on earnings, defying tariff fears
Stocks recover from sharp losses to cap volatile April fueled by tariff uncertainty
Trump decried 'Biden's Stock Market' after his 100th day in office was capped by another series of dour economic indicators
A pair of economic reports just delivered the Fed a 'stagflation warning shot'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq fall after bleak GDP and jobs data, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Wall Street was setting up for a rough open after data showed the US economy contracted. Nasdaq futures lost nearly 2%.
The US economy contracted for the first time in three years start 2025, while prices increased more than forecast.
The US economy may have avoided a recession so far. Here's how that could change.
Corporate earnings tell 2 different consumer stories
The tech giant is set to report earnings on Wednesday under growing pressure to deliver on AI. Here's what to expect.
Trump: 'I have a Fed person who is not really doing a good job'
Trump's next tariff war will be with your favorite store
Why Wall Street is wary of the stock market rally
Dow extends longest win streak of 2025 as stocks climb amid latest tariff relief
From 'destacking' of tariffs to reimbursements for foreign parts, the US will offer relief to weary automakers.
Consumer confidence plunged for the fifth straight month, dropping to a level not seen since the early days of the pandemic
The White House took aim at Amazon over reports it would display tariff price impacts on products
S&P 500, Nasdaq slip amid rush of earnings, hopes for auto tariff relief
How Trump is answering (or dodging) questions on his historically bad 100-day stock market
Big Tech’s big week of tariff guidance
Trump has been president for 100 days, and it's clear he peaked on day one.
Widely criticized student loan servicer MOHELA faces investigation by multiple state attorneys general
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
(Bloomberg) -- European and Asian money managers are showing signs of losing some of their appetite for lending to US companies as trade wars heat up, in a potentially worrying sign for corporate America.
NJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union Strikes
NYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five Years
New York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare Evasion
NYC’s MTA to Cut Costs Instead of Borrowing More to Fund Upgrades
NYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First Quarter
Investors outside the US turned into net sellers of corporate debt in the first half of April, after US President Donald Trump announced the highest tariffs on foreign countries in more than a century. That’s according to data tracking direct flows compiled by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists including Lotfi Karoui.
The selling comes after overseas investors made record purchases of US corporate debt in 2024. Official data shows the demand slowing in February, according to Citigroup.
There are signs of foreign investors selling US assets broadly. Data showing flows into funds that take money from overseas and buy US stocks and bonds shows a sharp drop in purchases over the past two months, according to a note from George Saravelos, Deutsche Bank’s head of foreign exchange strategy, on Monday.
At least some foreign investors are guarded about jumping back into US credit after April’s roller-coaster ride.
“We have to be a little more cautious” about US credit, said Kenichi Kuga, a senior general manager at Japan Post Insurance Co.’s global credit investment department, which had about 4.2 trillion yen ($29 billion) of foreign debt holdings at the end of 2024. “The US credit market seems to have been slow to price in risks, compared with declines and volatility in equities.”
It’s not yet clear that there’s a massive structural shift in foreign demand, but some investors believe that the US itself is probably going to take the biggest economic hit from Trump’s policy steps, Goldman Sachs’s Karoui said.
In early April, Trump’s proposed tariffs hit security prices worldwide, including US corporate debt, Treasuries and stocks. Prices broadly recovered after the US president paused the proposed increases and talked about negotiating agreements with individual nations.
Around 30% of US corporate bonds are owned by foreign investors, according to economist Torsten Slok at Apollo Global Management Inc. If those buyers continue pulling back, and US money managers don’t step in to make up the difference, risk premiums on the debt will have to widen, said Hans Mikkelsen, a credit strategist at TD Securities.
“Some of the rhetoric out of Washington toward foreigners, and the fact that the US imposed massive tariffs on basically all countries — that alone can lead to a decision to maybe not put all your eggs in one basket,” Mikkelsen said.
For asset allocators outside the US, the relative-value math involves comparing yields on domestic corporate notes with debt abroad, and then adding the cost of hedging their US investments back into their home currency.
In Japan, that calculus works out in favor of domestic corporate credit, according to JPMorgan strategists Eric Beinstein and Nathaniel Rosenbaum. Hedging costs may have come down, but Japanese government bond yields have risen significantly this year, touching highs not seen in more than a decade. The growing riskiness in US corporate bonds can make credit look comparatively less interesting.
“Credit markets usually aren’t this volatile,” said Tetsuji Saito, a portfolio manager at Gunma Bank Ltd. in Japan. “We’re watching spreads, but it’s a hard market to enter right now with US rates moving so sharply.”
In Europe, hedging costs have surged, recently touching their highest since March 2023. They are expected to edge even higher as the Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank continue on divergent interest-rate paths, the JPMorgan strategists said. Asset managers on the continent have been dialing back their exposure to US credit in part as a result.
To be sure, many investors have global mandates, which means they will continue to buy US corporate debt even if they pare back. Demand has also remained strong for newly issued bonds in the US, suggesting broad appetite for the asset class.
For now, foreign investors appear to be on the fence about the US corporate bond market, said Goldman Sachs’ Karoui, whose been meeting investors in Asia and Europe in recent weeks.
“It’s a very hard to invest in this environment,” said Karoui in an interview. “What will matter for the next two to three months is really assessing the magnitude of the damage that was done to the economy from this significant dose of uncertainty.”
--With assistance from Finbarr Flynn.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Made-in-USA Wheelbarrows Promoted by Trump Are Now Made in China
100 Moments You Might Have Missed From Trump’s First 100 Days
Can the Labubu Doll Craze Survive Trump’s Tariffs?
Healthy Sodas Like Poppi, Olipop Are Drawing PepsiCo’s and Coca-Cola’s Attention
The Mastermind of the Yellowstone Universe Isn’t Done Yet
NEW YORK (Reuters) -The Federal Reserve meeting in the coming week is set to test the U.S. stock market's sharp rebound, with investors hoping the central bank is poised to resume lowering interest rates in the months ahead.  During the rally, stocks have erased the slump set off by President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs.  After gaining on Friday, the S&P 500 was up 0.3% since April 2, when Trump's "Liberation Day" tariff announcement sent stocks plunging and led to some of the market's most volatile swings in 50 years.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The bond market is sending a signal that the Federal Reserve should be cutting interest rates, U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said on Thursday, noting that yields on 2-year Treasury notes were lower than central bank's policy rate.  "We are seeing that two-year rates are now below fed funds rates, so that's a market signal that they think the Fed should be cutting," Bessent said in an interview on Fox Business Network's "Mornings with Maria" program.  The 2-year note yield on Thursday was about 3.57%, down about 5 basis points on the day and about three-quarters of a percentage point below the daily effective federal funds rate of 4.33%.
Barely one month has passed since President Trump blindsided global investors with his aggressive tariff plans. Yet U.S. stocks have already staged a remarkable recovery.
(Reuters) -Federal Reserve policymakers on the alert for possible cracks in the labor market as businesses adjust to President Donald Trump's erratic trade policy got some reassurance on Friday that so far there's little weakness, and no reason to rush on rate cuts.  U.S. employers added a more-than-expected 177,000 jobs in April, the Labor Department reported, and the unemployment rate was unchanged at 4.2%.  Both are signs the labor market remains in balance during a month when Trump announced the steepest tariffs in a century, sending stocks downward and convulsing the bond market before the administration paused many of those levies until July.
The data helped to assuage concerns of a economic slowdown following a Commerce Department report, showing a contraction in U.S. gross domestic product for the first time in three years, weighed down by a tariff-induced flood of imports.  Beijing said on Friday it was evaluating an offer from Washington to hold talks over President Donald Trump's 145% tariffs, which he had imposed on Chinese imports.  The tit-for-tat tariffs between the world's two largest economies have kept investors on edge, with both sides unwilling to be seen backing down in a trade war that has roiled global markets.
It's Friday, so today I'll provide a quick overview of what's happening in global markets and then offer you some weekend reading suggestions away from the headlines.  * Beijing is "evaluating" an offer from Washington to hold talks over U.S. President Donald Trump's 145% tariffs, although it warned the United States not to engage in "extortion and coercion."
Here's what could happen to the stock market next.
(Bloomberg) -- The yen fell sharply against the dollar after the Bank of Japan said it will take longer than it previously thought to hit the inflation target, leading traders to pare bets on further interest-rate hikes.Most Read from BloombergNJ Transit Urges Commuters to Work Remotely If Union StrikesNYC Lost $9 Billion of Income to Miami, Palm Beach in Five YearsNew York City Transit System Chips Away at Subway Fare EvasionNYC’s Congestion Toll Raised $159 Million in the First QuarterThe Last
Actively managed funds have piled into bonds and away from equities since the start of 2024, marking a shift which could continue for some time given the deteriorating economic outlook, a co-manager of the Abrdn Short Dated Enhanced Income Fund said in a market comment.
Unemployment claim filings moved higher to end April as investors closely watch for any signs of further cooling in the labor market.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio