Title: Oil Steadies as Progress on Iran Talks Undercuts Tariff Reprieve
Date: 2025-04-14 19:04:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-steady-trump-tariff-reprieve-223603774.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Oops, something went wrong Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen. The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul The trade war uncovers new economies of scale Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg) Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline. Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg) Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg) How to invest in gold in 4 steps Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track. Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg) Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week 'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023 Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains. The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market. Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence' Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. (Bloomberg) -- Oil held steady as traders weighed the latest US moves in the global trade war, as well as the prospect of looser restrictions on Iranian crude. Most Read from Bloomberg How Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit? The Secret Formula for Faster Trains Even Oslo Has an Air Quality Problem NYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing Six Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing Shortage West Texas Intermediate settled little changed near $61.50 a barrel, and Brent held below $65. While equities rallied after US President Donald Trump paused import duties on some electronics, fresh data revealing that American consumers see higher inflation in the year ahead weighed on oil futures. The US and Iran met on Saturday for nuclear talks that both sides described as constructive, raising the possibility of higher oil volumes from the OPEC member. Weekend talks in Oman marked the first top-level engagement since 2022 and signaled a renewed effort to resolve a years-long standoff over the country’s nuclear program. Both sides agreed to meet again. On the demand side, traders are grappling with a rapidly evolving outlook. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries slashed its projections for annual consumption growth by about 100,000 barrels a day, following a larger cut by the US Energy Information Administration. More banks also reduced their price forecasts, with JPMorgan Chase & Co. now seeing Brent at $66 this year. Crude has been dragged down in April as the trade war — especially the confrontation between the US and China — stokes fears of a global recession that would hurt energy demand. A surprise OPEC+ decision to bring back shuttered output more quickly than expected has added to the bearishness. “While the market has already priced in some future inventory builds, we expect large surpluses,” Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analysts including Daan Struyven said in a note, estimating a glut of 800,000 barrels a day this year. Brent is expected to average $63 over the rest of 2025, they said. Oil’s losses this month have formed part of an intense global market reaction to the evolving trade war, with most commodities and equities selling off. Investors pulling out of crude and fuel markets triggered a $2 billion net outflow in the week ending April 11, JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Tracey Allen wrote in a note to clients. There have also been unusual declines in the US dollar and Treasuries, assets that typically function as havens during periods of stress. To get Bloomberg’s Energy Daily newsletter in your inbox, click here. Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek The Beauty Salon Recession Indicator Trump Is Firing the Wrong People, on Purpose Cheap Consumer Goods Are the American Dream, Actually World Travelers Are Rethinking Vacation Plans to the US How One MBA Grad Blew the Whistle on a $2 Billion Deal ©2025 Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) -- Copper edged higher after President Donald Trump handed out exemptions to his punishing tariffs on some products, nudging up sentiment across financial markets.Most Read from BloombergHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?The Secret Formula for Faster TrainsEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixLisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageThe US leader paused import levies on a suite of consumer elec Here is how CME Group (CME) and British Land Company PLC Sponsored ADR (BTLCY) have performed compared to their sector so far this year. Goldman Sachs  on Monday reported first-quarter profit that beat analyst expectations as tumultuous markets proved a double-edged sword.  The bank’s trading business boomed, benefiting from market swings, while revenue from investment bankers’ advisory work declined.  Goldman’s stock and bond traders took advantage of volatile markets, which can create opportunities for making big bets. Investment flows into Chinese physically backed gold exchange-traded funds so far this month have exceeded those for the whole of the first quarter and overtaken inflows registered by U.S.-listed funds, World Gold Council data showed.  Gold ETFs in China increased by 29.1 metric tons in the first eleven days of April, John Reade, senior market strategist at the WGC, said on social media on Monday.  "If the first quarter of this year was dominated by the U.S. tariff-related gold flows and Western ETF buying, the second quarter may have a very different theme, that of a surge in investor interest in gold from China," he said. Goldman Sachs earnings beat Q1 views as global banking revenue offset declines elsewhere. The Dow giant was cautious on Q2. But GS stock rose. Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase last week both said they didn’t see indicators that companies were scrambling to do big draw-downs on credit lines to raise cash.  On Monday, Buffalo-based M&T Bank reported the utilization rate among its commercial customers was actually down in the first quarter.  “Really nothing hit our screens that showed any big draws,” said M&T finance chief Daryl Bible. Companies In The Article Are:JPM,MS,WFC,BK (Bloomberg) -- Michael Saylor’s Strategy took advantage of the large price swings in the company’s common shares last week to purchase $285.8 million more of Bitcoin. Most Read from BloombergThe Secret Formula for Faster TrainsNYC Tourist Helicopter Crashes in Hudson River, Killing SixEven Oslo Has an Air Quality ProblemHow Did This Suburb Figure Out Mass Transit?Lisbon Mayor Wants Companies to Help Fix City’s Housing ShortageWhile the stock fluctuated from losses of as much as 11% to gains of a BOSTON/LONDON (Reuters) -Some trade policy relief and strong bank earnings were not enough to keep Wall Street from pushing U.S. stocks down slightly on Tuesday, although U.S. government bonds and the dollar regained some ground after sharp declines last week.  U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday said he was considering a modification to the 25% tariffs imposed on foreign auto and auto parts imports from Mexico, Canada and other places.  That followed the move late on Friday to exempt smartphones, computers and some other electronics from Trump's "reciprocal" tariffs. WARSAW (Reuters) -Warner Bros Discovery has decided not to sell Polish broadcaster TVN, it said on Monday, drawing a line under speculation surrounding the future of the company, which is considered strategic by the Polish government.  The volatility unleashed by U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff policies has led many investors to put deal-making activity on hold.  Warner Bros Discovery said in a statement sent to staff and seen by Reuters that it had reached its decision following a strategic review of its options for the Polish broadcaster. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio Try again.