Title: Caterpillar names insider Joe Creed as successor to CEO Umpleby
Date: 2025-04-15 10:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-names-insider-joseph-e-105523559.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
By Shivansh Tiwary and Aishwarya Jain
(Reuters) -Caterpillar said on Tuesday that Chief Operating Officer Joe Creed would succeed Jim Umpleby as CEO, tapping an insider to help the construction equipment maker navigate the fallout of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs.
Umpleby, a veteran who has been with the company for more than four decades, held the top job for the last eight years and guided the firm through a demand and supply chain downturn brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Umpleby, who will transition to executive chairman, will hand over the reins on May 1 to 49-year-old Joseph Creed, a 28-year veteran with extensive leadership experience at Caterpillar.
"While Creed will be stepping into the role at a challenging part in the cycle and amid a dynamic macro backdrop, we believe the well-telegraphed internal succession, and Umpleby's transition to executive chairman likely limits the impact on shares," Kristen Owen, senior analyst at Oppenheimer, wrote in a note.
Caterpillar's shares were up 1% in morning trade. They have lost nearly 18% of their value this year.
"Historically, this means there will be consistency and continuity rather than any big changes in strategy or tactics," Jefferies analyst Stephen Volkmann said.
"I would not expect any meaningful changes at the company for at least a year or two, if at all."
Caterpillar had reaped the benefits of former President Joe Biden's 2021 infrastructure law - a $1 trillion enactment aimed at upgrading roads, bridges and other transport infrastructure.
However, the initial demand surge waned as due to high borrowing costs and persistent inflation.
Several contractors are also adopting a wait-and-see approach to buying new machinery against the backdrop of mounting uncertainty over government spending under the Trump administration.
The company, set to report first-quarter results later this month, has forecast a slight decline in sales for 2025.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Jain and Shivansh Tiwary in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta, Anil D'Silva and Sriraj Kalluvila)
(Reuters) -Johnson & Johnson Chief Executive Joaquin Duato said on Tuesday that tariffs on pharmaceuticals can create supply chain disruptions and that favorable tax policies would be a more effective tool to boost U.S. manufacturing capacity of both drugs and medical devices.  Duato, during an investor call to discuss first-quarter results, said that healthcare companies should work with the Trump administration to mitigate supply chain vulnerabilities and prevent any drug shortages that can result from tariffs.  J&J is the first major healthcare company to report results since the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump proposed hefty duties on trade partners including China, a key source of raw ingredients and supplies for the pharmaceutical and medical device industries.
The industry will likely need to speed up its adoption of new technologies – most of which can be capital-intensive – as the need for hydrocarbons shows no signs of abating.
Let's explore why Phillip Morris International (NYSE: PM) and Alpine Income Property Trust (NYSE: PINE) could be long-term winners.  Because nicotine is habit-forming, demand for cigarettes and other tobacco products typically remains strong no matter what is happening in the economy.  Philip Morris International has tackled this challenge through geographic diversification and a pivot to safer, reduced-risk tobacco products.
(Reuters) -Bank of America topped estimates on Tuesday for first-quarter profit as interest income grew and volatile markets helped its stock traders rake in a record haul, lifting its shares more than 4%.  "There is a lot to potentially change given the uncertainty around the tariffs and the policies on the future path of the economy," CEO Brian Moynihan told analysts on a call.  Equities trading jumped 17% to a record $2.2 billion, while fixed income, currencies and commodities trading revenue jumped 5% to $3.5 billion, propelling its markets revenue to the highest in more than a decade.
French-Italian carmaker Stellantis has reduced its shortlist of CEO candidates to five, said two people familiar with the matter, as it nears a decision on who will lead the company through one of the industry's most tumultuous periods.  Investors are likely to seek an update on the hiring process as well as further insight into how Stellantis will manage President Donald Trump's 25% tariffs on foreign auto imports at an annual general meeting in Amsterdam later on Tuesday.  Former CEO Carlos Tavares abruptly departed the company - maker of Jeep and Peugeot brand cars - in December following a dramatic plunge in sales and profit.
The combination of an electronics tariff reprieve and dovish noises from the Federal Reserve have created a semblance of calm in financial markets, though the lingering trade war uncertainty means the respite probably won't last long.  * The Trump administration is proceeding with probes into imports of pharmaceuticals and semiconductors as part of a bid to impose tariffs on both sectors on national security grounds, Federal Register filings on Monday showed.  * The dollar held steady on Tuesday, trading near a three-year low against the euro and a six-month trough against the yen, as investors trying to make sense of the constant changes to President Donald Trump's tariffs remained wary of U.S. assets.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks ended slightly lower on Tuesday as tariff uncertainty stayed high and shares of consumer and healthcare companies eased, while upbeat results from banks provided some support.  Shares of Bank of America and Citigroup rose following their results.  Still, bank executives warned that U.S. consumer spending faces huge risks if the upheaval sparked by President Donald Trump's trade policy goes on.
Britain's Financial Conduct Authority has appointed staff in the United States and the Asia-Pacific region for the first time, to help overseas firms to enter the British market and boost exports of UK financial services, the watchdog said on Tuesday.  Former investment banker Tash Miah started in April at the British embassy in Washington, DC, and will support financial firms in the U.S. with navigating British regulations, the FCA said.  Camille Blackburn will open the FCA's regional office in Australia from July this year, the FCA said, as it seeks to support firms operating between Asia-Pacific and Britain.
The U.S. bond market is struggling with a departure from the dollar.
Global sales of electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles rose 29% year-on-year in March, helped by growth in China and Europe, while EV growth in North America was hampered by U.S. President Donald Trump's stance towards emissions standards and uncertainties around tariffs, data showed on Tuesday.  U.S. tariffs on car imports may force some of the country's automakers which produce in neighbouring Mexico to readjust prices, or move their production, Rho Motion data manager Charles Lester said.  Chinese counter-tariffs, meanwhile, could affect Tesla's U.S.-made models, leading to an almost doubling in prices of its Model S and Model X cars sold in China, Lester said.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.