Title: Palantir, Caterpillar, HPE: Trending Tickers
Date: 2025-04-15 14:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/palantir-caterpillar-hpe-trending-tickers-145019262.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Madison Mills takes a closer look at some of the trending tickers of the trading day.
Palantir (PLTR) is in focus after NATO bought its Maven Smart System.
Caterpillar's (CAT) CEO, James Umpleby, will step down with COO Joe Creed taking his place on May 1.
Activist investor Elliott Management builds a $1.5 billion stake in HPE (HPE), according to Bloomberg reports.
To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.
It's now time for some of today's trending tickers. Today we're watching Palantir, Caterpillar and HPE. First up, Palantir rising after NATO finalized the purchase of the company's AI military system. NATO says it's completed an acquisition of Palantir's Maven Smart system at the end of March. The Maven system uses AI to collect and analyze large amounts of data to modernize war fighting capabilities. Next up, Caterpillar announcing CEO Jim Umpleby will step down at the end of the month. Chief Operating Officer Joe Creed will take over the role effective on May 1st. Caterpillar set to report its first quarter results later this month. And finally, we are watching HPE. Activist investor Elliott Management reportedly taking a stake worth more than 1 and a half billion dollars. According to Bloomberg, Elliott plans to engage with the software company to help it boost its value moving forward here. And those are your trending tickers for the day.
Is McDonald's strong growth strategy enough to overcome near-term challenges? Let us take a closer look.
Chipotle's focus on customer experience, digital investment and supplier diversification should support a sustainable recovery over time.
Overseas visitor numbers fell by 11.6%, with European arrivals dropping sharply.  ✈️ The picture has darkened close enough to the quarterly “quiet period” that many travel-related companies have yet to quantify the impact, but airlines Delta and Frontier pulled financial guidance.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms End Stronger on Tuesday. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE) stands against other firms that end stronger on Tuesday. A muted trading persisted on the stock market on Tuesday, with major indices ending in the red, […]
Caterpillar has decided to make a change at the top, replacing Jim Umpleby with Joe Creed.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise stock has struggled since the technology company posted disappointing fiscal first-quarter earnings.
The U.S. government ”indicated that the license requirement addresses the risk that the covered products may be used in, or diverted to, a supercomputer in China,” Nvidia said.
McDonald's (MCD) concluded the recent trading session at $312.48, signifying a -1.14% move from its prior day's close.
(Reuters) -Caterpillar said on Tuesday that Chief Operating Officer Joe Creed would succeed Jim Umpleby as CEO, tapping an insider to help the construction equipment maker navigate the fallout of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs.  Umpleby, a veteran who has been with the company for more than four decades, held the top job for the last eight years and guided the firm through a demand and supply chain downturn brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.  Umpleby, who will transition to executive chairman, will hand over the reins on May 1 to 49-year-old Joseph Creed, a 28-year veteran with extensive leadership experience at Caterpillar.
HPE stock climbed amid a report activist investor Elliott Investment Management has taken a stake valued at over $1.5 billion in the company.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.