Title: Wall Street sees strategic continuity as Caterpillar names Creed CEO
Date: 2025-04-15 15:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wall-street-sees-strategic-continuity-151502044.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The major indexes sank to session lows as Fed Chair Powell warned of stagflationary impacts from President Trump's tariffs.
Powell sees 'challenging scenario' for Fed if Trump tariffs stoke inflation and slow growth
The Nasdaq fell over 2%, leading the way down as Nvidia found itself caught in the crossfire of the US-China trade war.
The Treasury secretary told us he thinks America's biggest CEOs should stop worrying about the economy. Here's why.
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
Investing.com -- Caterpillar’s appointment of insider Joe Creed as its next chief executive, was dubbed a “well-telegraphed transition” by Wall Street that ensures strategic continuity at a pivotal time for the construction and machinery giant.
Creed, chief operating officer, will succeed longtime CEO Jim Umpleby on May 1. Umpleby, who led  Caterpillar  (NYSE:CAT) through a multiyear operational turnaround, will become executive chairman.
Barclays said the internal promotion brings “no surprises” and reflects a succession process that’s been “quasi investor-facing for several years.” Brokerage noted Creed’s strong background in both engineering and finance, two areas investors closely watch, positions him to carry forward the company’s focus on operational discipline, aftermarket growth, and capital efficiency.
“Creed is a known entity to capital markets,” Barclays said, pointing to his appearances in investor settings and past roles, including interim CFO and head of the Energy & Transportation segment.
Oppenheimer echoed the view, saying the timing, aligned with Caterpillar’s 100th anniversary, signals continuity and confidence. “While Mr. Creed will be stepping into the role at a challenging part in the cycle and amid a dynamic macro backdrop, we believe the well-telegraphed internal succession, and Mr. Umpleby’s transition to Executive Chairman likely limits the impact on shares,” the firm wrote.
Creed, a 28-year Caterpillar veteran, has held leadership posts across key business units including Electric Power, Oil & Gas, and Marine. He was named COO in October 2023, widely seen as a precursor to his elevation to CEO.
Analysts highlighted Creed’s leadership in Energy & Transportation as key to Caterpillar’s evolving strategy. Barclays noted investor focus on the segment has grown alongside demand for data centers and power generation, where Caterpillar sees potential for competitive differentiation.
Umpleby’s tenure is credited with restoring stability and profitability through a renewed focus on core businesses. Barclays said his leadership saw Caterpillar streamline its operations, prioritize R&D, and make selective, strategic acquisitions like the $400 million deal for Weir’s Oil & Gas unit.
Related articles
Wall Street sees strategic continuity as Caterpillar names Creed CEO
BofA downgrades U.S. chemical sector amid slowdown
Bernstein starts Xiaomi at ‘outperform,’ sees EV push as key equity driver
Halliburton (HAL) doesn't possess the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Caterpillar (CAT) on Tuesday named Joseph Creed as the company's next chief executive, succeeding D.
Caterpillar has decided to make a change at the top, replacing Jim Umpleby with Joe Creed.
HAL and Nabors' collaboration in Oman delivers first automated drilling solutions, improving operational efficiency, penetration rates and reducing non-productive time.
Bank of America, Chevron, Stryker, Value Line and Sypris are included in this Analyst Blog.
ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW) stock is moving higher in Tuesday's trading.  The software specialist's share price was up 1.9% as of 2:30 p.m. ET, and been up as much as 3.1% earlier in the day.  Two investment firms updated their valuation forecasts for ServiceNow today and lowered their respective price targets on the stock.
Oceaneering International (OII) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations.
Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bank of America Corporation (BAC), Chevron Corporation (CVX) and Stryker Corporation (SYK), as well as two micro-cap stocks Value Line, Inc. (VALU) and Sypris Solutions, Inc. (SYPR).
Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Caterpillar (CAT). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.
The Dow Jones rose on the stock market today and auto stocks popped after President Donald Trump spoke out. Palantir stock was higher while Nvidia fell.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio



Try again.