Microsoft (MSFT) Hits $13B AI Revenue Run Rate, Plans $80B Investment
2025-04-13 18:01
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-msft-hits-13b-ai-180154434.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrongTip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsOops, something went wrongTrump is wrecking his own economic agendaHigher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts sayWhy Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export banTrump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffsStocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieveThe Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon tradingAmericans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey foundStocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieveTrump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bendGoldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slowsCorporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekTrump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summerTrump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for nowMarket chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landingApple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this weekThe best (and worst) time of year to buy a houseThe Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)How to invest in gold in 4 stepsChanging jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard ofThe tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflationGold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in USThe bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memoryStocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll inJPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings seasonChina raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hikeChina already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writesHow the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffsThe Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-offTrump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reportedStocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality checkInflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.The 'Trump put' makes an appearanceMarch's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.We recently published a list of30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires.The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due to the AI hype, has been dampened by recent measures undertaken by the Trump administration to shore up US manufacturing. These measures, largely in the form of obscene tariffs on goods imported into the US from overseas, with a particular focus on China, have hit global stocks, resulting in a downward spiral for major indexes. The latest tariff hike has wiped trillions in market capitalization from the Magnificent Seven, a group of seven firms that dominate the benchmark US indexes and are heavily invested in AI. Latest reports from market research firm IDC indicate that if the tariffs stay in place, they are expected to trigger supply chain disruptions and inflationary challenges across various markets, including the IT sector. According to a report from news agency Reuters, global hedge funds, dominated by billionaires, scaled back their risky bets and sought safety before Trump introduced new tariffs last week.This report was based on data gathered by investment bank Goldman Sachs. Per the data, hedge funds pulled out of bets in emerging markets of Europe and Asia ahead of the announcement of new tariffs. Research by investment bank Morgan Stanley, as seen by Reuters, also echoes these sentiments. Morgan Stanley estimates US long-short funds net leverage quickly fell to 37%, just shy of historical lows, by the end of last week, from over 50% at the beginning of the year. Net leverage measures the difference between a fund’s long and short positions against the value of what it owns including borrowings. JPMorgan also noted in a recent report that the net leverage of hedge funds has dropped to around the lowest since late 2023. The lower the net leverage, the more conservative a hedge fund’s position. Investors expect significant volatility on risk assets in the near term given the tariff uncertainties and suggest a continued risk-off stance.Read more about these developments by accessing10 Best AI Data Center Stocksand10 Buzzing AI Stocks According to Goldman Sachs.The latest developments represent a reversal of positions from billionaires who, in the past few months, have often hailed AI as the next transformative technology that would shape the future of economies, industries, and society. Influential billionaires repeatedly advocated for investing heavily in AI for the immense economic value it promised. This bullish thesis was based on research from firms like McKinsey that predicted that AI could add up to $4.4 trillion annually to the global economy in the coming years. For investors, this translated into a chance to own stakes in technologies that could underpin the next generation of global growth. For billionaire investors, AI also represented both a diversification strategy and a chance to influence the direction of a powerful new technology. These investors often take strategic stakes that allow them to shape product development and scaling. Some of the biggest companies these investors made huge bets on are discussed in detail below.Read more about these developments by accessing30Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRockandBeyond the Tech Giants: 35 Non-Tech AI Opportunities.For this article, we consulted an internal database on AI companies. From these, we selected the thirty stocks with the highest number of billionaire investors. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 317Number of Billionaire Investors: 39Value of Billionaire Holdings: $53 BillionMicrosoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a technology company. The company is heavily invested in the AI world through a significant stake in OpenAI, a startup valued at over $300 billion that introduced ChatGPT to the world. In addition to this, latest earnings reveal that Microsoft’s AI-related products and services have achieved an annual revenue run rate exceeding $13 billion, marking a 175% increase from the previous year. Microsoft has integrated AI capabilities across the product portfolio, most notably within its Azure cloud services and Microsoft 365 suite, to critical acclaim. To further solidify its status as an AI powerhouse, the tech giant has announced plans to invest approximately $80 billion in AI-enabled data centers during the fiscal year 2025.Overall, MSFTranks 2ndon our list of best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. While we acknowledge the potential of these AI companies, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock.READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey.In a short trading week, we’ll also see earnings from J&J, Abbott Labs, and ASML. A retail sales report will be the most important economic data release against the backdrop of ongoing tariff volatility.Investing money into dividend stocks can result in steady cash flow. Gradually putting money into these investments will increase your dividend income over time, but some people receive a windfall of cash that they can deploy right away. One Redditor finds themselves in that position. The individual is set to have $10,000 sometime next week and has been following the Dividends subreddit for a while. Now, after consuming content from the group for a while, the Redditor is looking for advice. "I'mWe recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due […]Dave Ramsey has educated millions of people about their finances through his books and "The Ramsey Show." He is an advocate for getting rid of debt and using cash to finance as much as you can. He recently shared a video clip in an X post that covers a key detail about financial success. "Success is a pile of all the mistakes you've made, and you're standing on it rather than laying under it," the radio host explained. Don't Miss: Maker of the $60,000 foldable home has 3 factory buildings, 600+We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data […]We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Vistra Corp. (NYSE:VST) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due […]We recently published a list of 30 Best AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Coherent Corp. (NYSE:COHR) stands against other best AI stocks to buy according to billionaires. The optimism around the United States economy over the past few months, largely due […]We recently published a list of 10 Best Golf Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Columbia Sportswear Company (NASDAQ:COLM) stands against other best golf stocks to buy according to analysts. Golf stocks are publicly traded firms that are part of the golf industry. […]Paxos’ Global Dollar Network (USDG) also includes Kraken, Galaxy Digital, Anchorage Digital, Bullish (the owner of CoinDesk) and Nuvei.We recently published a list of 10 Best Kid-Friendly Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Roblox Corporation (NYSE:RBLX) stands against other best kid-friendly stocks to buy according to billionaires. The market has been undergoing a volatile spell these past few days. Economic data […]Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant resultsSign in to access your portfolioTry again.