Title: Goldman Sachs, PwC lead European M&A advisory rankings in Q1 2025
Date: 2025-04-15 13:30
URL: https://www.privatebankerinternational.com/news/goldman-pwc-europe-advisory-q1-2025/?.tsrc=rss
Content:
Goldman Sachs secured the top position by deal value, by advising on transactions worth a total of $17.6bn.
Goldman Sachs and PwC have led the mergers and acquisitions (M&A) rankings for Europe’s financial advisers in the first quarter of 2025, according to the latest financial advisers league table published by GlobalData.
According to GlobalData’s Deals Database, Goldman Sachs secured the top position by deal value, by advising on transactions worth a total of $17.6bn.
The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
PwC led by deal volume, having advised on 29 transactions during the quarter.
Jefferies followed Goldman Sachs in second place by value, handling $12.4bn in deals.
Bank of America ranked third with advisory on deals valued at $11.1bn, while Barclays and Lazard completed the top five, with $7.9bn and $7.2bn worth of deals, respectively.
In terms of volume, Clearwater ranked second with 21 deals. Ernst & Young followed closely with 20 deals, while Deloitte and Rothschild & Co handled 18 and 17 deals, respectively.
GlobalData lead analyst Aurojyoti Bose said: “PwC registered improvement in the total number of deals advised by it during Q1 2025 compared to Q1 2024. Resultantly, it went ahead from occupying the fourth position by volume in Q1 2024 to top the chart by this metric in Q1 2025.
“Meanwhile, Goldman Sachs, which was the top adviser by value in Q1 2024, also managed to retain its leadership position by this metric in Q1 2025 as well. Despite a fall in the total value of deals advised by it in Q1 2025 compared to Q1 2024, Goldman Sachs stayed much ahead of its peers. During Q1 2025, it advised on five billion-dollar deals.
“Involvement in these big-ticket deals helped Goldman Sachs secure the top spot by value. Apart from leading in terms of value, it also occupied the seventh position by volume in Q1 2025.”
GlobalData’s league tables are based on the real-time tracking of thousands of company websites, advisory firm websites and other reliable sources available on the secondary domain. A dedicated team of analysts monitors all these sources to gather in-depth details for each deal, including adviser names.
To ensure further robustness to the data, the company alsoseeks submissions of dealsfrom leading advisers.
The gold standard of business intelligence.
Find out more
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Private Banker In Brief
Private Banker International : Private Banker International Focus (monthly)
Thematic Take (monthly)
I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance withPrivacy Policy
View all newslettersfrom across the GlobalData Media network.
Powered by
© Verdict Media Limited 2025
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
As part of GlobalData's extensive network of websites, this site is dedicated to protecting your privacy. We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation,  personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services.  Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessiblehere.We use necessary cookies to make our site work.  Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.  We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website.By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’.