Title: Caterpillar names insider Joe Creed as successor to CEO Umpleby
Date: 2025-04-15 10:55
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/caterpillar-names-insider-joseph-e-105523559.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
The chipmaker's stock took a hit after it revealed the Trump administration's surprise new controls on exports to China.
Stocks resume slide as Nvidia weighs on tech
Retail sales surged in March at the biggest rate in over two years, in what was the latest sign of the US economy's pre-tariff strength.
Why your water bill is an inflation problem that isn't budging
Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures fall as Nvidia reveals costly limits on China exports
The Treasury secretary told Yahoo Finance that the next 90 days should provide 'substantial clarity' on tariffs
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tells Yahoo Finance that the US has a 'big toolkit' to deal with bond market volatility
Stocks drift lower as tariff chaos pauses for a day
The chip giant committed to building AI infrastructure in the US, and Trump says he's going to help make it happen.
The fallout from Trump's tariff whiplash hasn't yet pushed investors to shy away from an old habit
Stocks edge higher after back-to-back rallies with Trump's latest tariff moves in focus
BofA's Moynihan says 'we potentially face a changing economy' after highest-ever equities trading haul
The trade war uncovers new economies of scale
Trump is wrecking his own economic agenda
Higher clothing costs from tariffs are coming soon — but not immediately, experts say
Why Tesla, GM, and Rivian will be hurt most by China's critical minerals export ban
Trump says he's 'looking at something' to help car companies with tariffs
Stocks rally for second straight day, while Apple jumps on tech tariff reprieve
The Nasdaq briefly turned red as stocks' relief rally failed to hold in early afternoon trading
Americans are braced for the biggest unemployment rate jump since the pandemic, a New York Fed survey found
Stocks surge as Apple leads way higher after tech's tariff reprieve
Trump's temporary tech tariff respite adds to a growing sense that he has a willingness to listen and bend
Goldman CEO Solomon warns of 'markedly different operating environment' as dealmaking slows
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
Trump has tariffs, taxes, and the debt ceiling on a collision course for this summer
Trump denies that there was a tariff “exception” for certain electronics announced Friday. (Bloomberg)
Tax day 2025 is coming up. Here’s what to know to file by the deadline.
Commentary: Put the P/E ratio in timeout for now
Market chaos signals 'sell America' trade as Trump tariff whipsaw threatens to upend the US economy's soft landing
Apple was on brink of crisis before tariff concession from Trump (Bloomberg)
Corporate earnings take center stage amid tariff turmoil: What to know this week
The best (and worst) time of year to buy a house
The Trump family is going all-in on crypto projects, from Bitcoin mining to stablecoins (Bloomberg)
How to invest in gold in 4 steps
Changing jobs can disrupt saving for retirement. Here's how to stay on track.
Trump exempts phones, computers, chips from ‘reciprocal’ tariffs (Bloomberg)
Meet Walmart heir Steuart Walton, the most powerful board member you’ve never heard of
The tariff uncertainty isn't getting any better in markets: Chart of the Week
'T-shirts could be the new eggs': Why Trump's chaotic tariff whipsaw is still a huge threat to inflation
Gold notches best week since 2020 amid 'shaken' investor confidence in US
The bond market just had one of its most volatile and unusual weeks in recent memory
Stocks capped a wild week with a surge higher, as the S&P 500 posted its biggest weekly gain since 2023
Stocks swung into rally mode in afternoon trading, with the major indexes all up over 1%. Bond yields pared bigger gains.
The major indexes whipsawed to end a volatile week. Treasury yields surged in signs of more instability in the bond market.
Consumer sentiment craters further as inflation expectations soar to highest since 1981
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq slide as China hits US with tariff hike, bank earnings roll in
JPMorgan's Dimon says economy is facing 'considerable turbulence'
Tariff uncertainty muddies — and refocuses — earnings season
China raises tariffs on US goods to 125% from the 84% planned in response to Trump's latest hike
China already knows Trump's breaking point in their burgeoning trade war, our columnist writes
Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street.
By Shivansh Tiwary and Aishwarya Jain
(Reuters) -Caterpillar said on Tuesday that Chief Operating Officer Joe Creed would succeed Jim Umpleby as CEO, tapping an insider to help the construction equipment maker navigate the fallout of President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs.
Umpleby, a veteran who has been with the company for more than four decades, held the top job for the last eight years and guided the firm through a demand and supply chain downturn brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Umpleby, who will transition to executive chairman, will hand over the reins on May 1 to 49-year-old Joseph Creed, a 28-year veteran with extensive leadership experience at Caterpillar.
"While Creed will be stepping into the role at a challenging part in the cycle and amid a dynamic macro backdrop, we believe the well-telegraphed internal succession, and Umpleby's transition to executive chairman likely limits the impact on shares," Kristen Owen, senior analyst at Oppenheimer, wrote in a note.
Caterpillar's shares were up 1% in morning trade. They have lost nearly 18% of their value this year.
"Historically, this means there will be consistency and continuity rather than any big changes in strategy or tactics," Jefferies analyst Stephen Volkmann said.
"I would not expect any meaningful changes at the company for at least a year or two, if at all."
Caterpillar had reaped the benefits of former President Joe Biden's 2021 infrastructure law - a $1 trillion enactment aimed at upgrading roads, bridges and other transport infrastructure.
However, the initial demand surge waned as due to high borrowing costs and persistent inflation.
Several contractors are also adopting a wait-and-see approach to buying new machinery against the backdrop of mounting uncertainty over government spending under the Trump administration.
The company, set to report first-quarter results later this month, has forecast a slight decline in sales for 2025.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Jain and Shivansh Tiwary in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta, Anil D'Silva and Sriraj Kalluvila)
The company agreed to a $347 million takeover by U.S. buyout firm Atlas Holdings, signaling the end of its nearly 80-year listing on the London Stock Exchange.
The outlook for the German economy cratered this month after Trump’s tariff blitz, according to a monthly survey of financial analysts.
The yield on 30-year Japanese government bonds has surged to its highest level since 2004, raising concerns among investors.
The network business reported a 6% rise in sales, with strong growth in North America as customers moved forward investments ahead of planned U.S. tariffs.
Spring is usually a busy period at the Ben Reid Garden Centre on the outskirts of Aberdeen. But this year it has come with a chill for the 250-year-old family business.
European stocks were rising Tuesday after U.S. President Donald Trump said he could pause some tariffs on auto makers, sparking hopes of further exemptions. The continent's flagship Stoxx 600 index climbed 1.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks ended slightly lower on Tuesday as tariff uncertainty stayed high and shares of consumer and healthcare companies eased, while upbeat results from banks provided some support.  Shares of Bank of America and Citigroup rose following their results.  Still, bank executives warned that U.S. consumer spending faces huge risks if the upheaval sparked by President Donald Trump's trade policy goes on.
(Reuters) -Bank of America topped estimates on Tuesday for first-quarter profit as interest income grew and volatile markets helped its stock traders rake in a record haul, lifting its shares more than 4%.  "There is a lot to potentially change given the uncertainty around the tariffs and the policies on the future path of the economy," CEO Brian Moynihan told analysts on a call.  Equities trading jumped 17% to a record $2.2 billion, while fixed income, currencies and commodities trading revenue jumped 5% to $3.5 billion, propelling its markets revenue to the highest in more than a decade.
Canada said that automakers will be allowed to continue to import a certain number of US-made cars and trucks, tariff-free, provided they keep manufacturing vehicles in the country. Keith Naughton reports on Bloomberg Television.
LVMH sales fell more than expected in the first quarter, weighed down by weak demand for luxury goods in China and the US and the threat of a trade war. Bloomberg's Angelina Rascouet reports.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.