Title: Shopify initiated, Comcast downgraded: Wall Street’s top analyst calls
Date: 2025-05-07 13:41
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shopify-initiated-comcast-downgraded-wall-134119180.html?.tsrc=rss

The most talked about and market moving research calls around Wall Street are now in one place. Here are today’s research calls that investors need to know, as compiled by The Fly.Top Upgrades: Discover companies with rock-solid fundamentals inTipRanks' Smart Value Newsletter. Receive undervalued stocks, resilient to market uncertainty,delivered straight to your inbox. Benchmark upgradedPlaystudios(MYPS) to Speculative Buy from Hold with a $2 price target after the company’s results “demonstrated operating resilience and strategic focus despite topline pressure” in Q1. More bullish on the stock, Hovde Group upgradedLakeland Financial(LKFN) to Outperform from Market Perform with a $72 price target. The firm also upgradedHBTFinancial(HBT), First Savings(FSFG), Bank First(BFC) to Outperform from Market Perform. Northcoast upgradedScansource(SCSC) to Buy from Neutral with a $42 price target as the firm gets more bullish on the name. Susquehanna upgradedCN(CNI) to Positive from Neutral and raised the firm’s price target of $120 from $113. Top Downgrades: Argus downgradedComcast(CMCSA) to Hold from Buy with no price target. The company is facing a tough market for broadband subscribers – its key connectivity business – from increasingly aggressive fixed wireless and fiber broadband telecom competitors, the firm tells investors in a research note. Monness Crespi downgradedCoinbase(COIN) to Neutral from Buy and removed the firm’s price target ahead of the company’s Q1 report. The firm is concerned that Q1 is “likely to be light” and come with “tepid” quarter-to-date revenue results and Q2 guidance. Northcoast downgradedMcDonald’s(MCD) to Neutral from Buy without a price target. The firm is concerned that McDonald’s converting sales to earnings “will stall” as consumers seek value while costs remain a headwind. UBS downgradedSkechers(SKX) to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $63, down from $64. Skechers has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by 3G Capital, under which will pay $63.00 per share in cash for all of Skechers’ outstanding shares, the firm notes. TD Cowen downgradedChurch & Dwight(CHD) to Hold from Buy with a price target of $100, down from $117. As demonstrated by its significant 2025 guidance reduction, Church & Dwight’s business model and categories have not maintained the above-peer growth rate expected, the firm tells investors in a research note. Top Initiations: BMO Capital initiated coverage ofShopify(SHOP) with an Outperform rating and $120 price target. The company has achieved better growth and operating leverage in recent quarters, since divesting logistics in 2023, the firm tells investors in a research note. BMO Capital initiated coverage ofVital Farms(VITL) with an Outperform rating and $44 price target, which implies 23% upside from the current share price. Vital is a “high-growth” branded food company, focused on production, marketing, and distribution of pasture-raised eggs and butter, the firm notes. Evercore ISI resumed coverage ofDiamondback Energy(FANG) with an Outperform rating and $165 price target. The company elected to drop activity in reaction to shifts in the external environment as it has a “keen sense of wellhead economics but also its own intrinsic value and manages accordingly,” the firm tells investors in a research note Needham initiated coverage ofBroadridge(BR) with a Buy rating and $300 price target. The firm believes the company’s product suite is “extensive, helping customers across the globe process trades and communicate with investors across asset classes.” Benchmark initiated coverage ofCanaan(CAN) with a Buy rating and $3 price target. Canaan’s vertically integrated approach differentiates it within thebitcoinmining space, while positioning it to capitalize on both chip and rig sales and proprietary mining revenues, says the firm, which believes the company’s ADRs are “very inexpensive.” Published first onTheFly– the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news.Try Now>> See the top stocks recommended by analysts >> Read More on LKFN: Disclaimer & DisclosureReport an Issue Lakeland Financial upgraded to Outperform from Market Perform at Hovde Group Lakeland Financial price target lowered to $65 from $69 at Keefe Bruyette Lakeland Financial Reports Mixed First Quarter Results Lakeland Financial Reports Strong Q1 2025 Performance Lakeland Financial reports Q1 EPS 78c, consensus 89c Adient (ADNT) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 91.67% and 4.07%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? BofA Securities analyst Jessica Reif Ehrlich maintained a Neutral rating on Comcast Corp (NASDAQ:CMCSA) with a price forecast of $38 on Thursday. Comcast remains focused on its six growth pillars, and Theme Parks represent an area that will generate strong near-term growth while also offering significant longer-term opportunities. Universal plans to expand existing destinations, bring Universal to new domestic markets with new concepts, and grow its global footprint. Also Read: Comcast Faces Ana We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […] We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Rediscovers Love For Magnificent 7 & Discusses These 11 Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE:BDX) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer […] On April 21, 2025, Upexi stock surged more than 850% after GSR, a crypto trading firm, announced a $100 million private investment in public equity into the company. Upexi finalized the private... On the U.S. exchange's online site for the documents obtained by Freedom of Information Act requests, it's illuminating some internal SEC discussions. We came across a bearish thesis on NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NNE) on wallstreetbets Subreddit Page by Young-faithful. In this article, we will summarize the bears’ thesis on NNE. NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NNE)’s share was trading at $22.75 as of April 30th. NANO Nuclear Energy (NNE), founded in 2022, is a nascent nuclear startup with ambitions […] Birkenstock (BIRK) possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely earnings beat in its upcoming report. Get prepared with the key expectations. MercadoLibre (MELI) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 26.99% and 7.39%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? Barclays, JPMorgan, Compass Point and Oppenheimer all cut their first-quarter forecasts last month, citing weaker crypto trading.