Title: McDonald's' (NYSE:MCD) investors will be pleased with their splendid 101% return over the last five years
Date: 2025-05-07 11:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-nyse-mcd-investors-pleased-110018789.html?.tsrc=rss

If you buy and hold a stock for many years, you'd hope to be making a profit. Better yet, you'd like to see the share price move up more than the market average. ButMcDonald's Corporation(NYSE:MCD) has fallen short of that second goal, with a share price rise of 79% over five years, which is below the market return. Looking at the last year alone, the stock is up 18%. So let's assess the underlying fundamentals over the last 5 years and see if they've moved in lock-step with shareholder returns. This technology could replace computers: discover the 20 stocks are working to make quantum computing a reality. In his essayThe Superinvestors of Graham-and-DoddsvilleWarren Buffett described how share prices do not always rationally reflect the value of a business. One flawed but reasonable way to assess how sentiment around a company has changed is to compare the earnings per share (EPS) with the share price. During five years of share price growth, McDonald's achieved compound earnings per share (EPS) growth of 8.2% per year. This EPS growth is lower than the 12% average annual increase in the share price. So it's fair to assume the market has a higher opinion of the business than it did five years ago. That's not necessarily surprising considering the five-year track record of earnings growth. You can see below how EPS has changed over time (discover the exact values by clicking on the image). Dive deeper into McDonald's' key metrics by checking this interactive graph of McDonald's'searnings, revenue and cash flow. When looking at investment returns, it is important to consider the difference betweentotal shareholder return(TSR) andshare price return. Whereas the share price return only reflects the change in the share price, the TSR includes the value of dividends (assuming they were reinvested) and the benefit of any discounted capital raising or spin-off. Arguably, the TSR gives a more comprehensive picture of the return generated by a stock. In the case of McDonald's, it has a TSR of 101% for the last 5 years. That exceeds its share price return that we previously mentioned. And there's no prize for guessing that the dividend payments largely explain the divergence! It's nice to see that McDonald's shareholders have received a total shareholder return of 21% over the last year. And that does include the dividend. That gain is better than the annual TSR over five years, which is 15%. Therefore it seems like sentiment around the company has been positive lately. Someone with an optimistic perspective could view the recent improvement in TSR as indicating that the business itself is getting better with time. It's always interesting to track share price performance over the longer term. But to understand McDonald's better, we need to consider many other factors. To that end, you should learn about the2 warning signswe've spotted with McDonald's (including 1 which is a bit concerning). Of courseMcDonald's may not be the best stock to buy. So you may wish to see thisfreecollection of growth stocks. Please note, the market returns quoted in this article reflect the market weighted average returns of stocks that currently trade on American exchanges. Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content?Get in touchwith us directly.Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature.We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice.It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned. (Bloomberg) -- White men no longer make up the majority of board seats at the largest US companies, a historic shift reflecting decades of pressure to diversify the upper ranks of corporate leadership.Most Read from BloombergIs Trump’s Plan to Reopen the Notorious Alcatraz Prison Realistic?Vail to Borrow Muni Debt to Ease Ski Resort Town Housing CrunchIceland Plans for a More Volcanic FutureAs Trump Reshapes Housing Policy, Renters Face Rollback of RightsFor the first time, women and non-White m Based on the average brokerage recommendation (ABR), Deere (DE) should be added to one's portfolio. Wall Street analysts' overly optimistic recommendations cast doubt on the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric. So, is the stock worth buying? We recently published a list of Billionaire John Paulson’s 10 Stocks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks with huge upside potential. John Alfred Paulson is an American billionaire hedge fund manager who founded Paulson & Co. in 1994. It is […] We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […] While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future. No need to panic, but it’s important to do it right. Your loan may depend on it. An extra paycheck in the month can be a game-changer for your finances.