Title: McDonald's Corporation (MCD) Is a Trending Stock: Facts to Know Before Betting on It
Date: 2025-05-08 13:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcdonalds-corporation-mcd-trending-stock-130016619.html?.tsrc=rss

McDonald's(MCD) has been one of the most searched-for stocks on Zacks.com lately. So, you might want to look at some of the facts that could shape the stock's performance in the near term. Shares of this world's biggest hamburger chain have returned +4.7% over the past month versus the Zacks S&P 500 composite's +11.3% change. The Zacks Retail - Restaurants industry, to which McDonald's belongs, has gained 6.2% over this period. Now the key question is: Where could the stock be headed in the near term? Although media reports or rumors about a significant change in a company's business prospects usually cause its stock to trend and lead to an immediate price change, there are always certain fundamental factors that ultimately drive the buy-and-hold decision. Rather than focusing on anything else, we at Zacks prioritize evaluating the change in a company's earnings projection. This is because we believe the fair value for its stock is determined by the present value of its future stream of earnings. Our analysis is essentially based on how sell-side analysts covering the stock are revising their earnings estimates to take the latest business trends into account. When earnings estimates for a company go up, the fair value for its stock goes up as well. And when a stock's fair value is higher than its current market price, investors tend to buy the stock, resulting in its price moving upward. Because of this, empirical studies indicate a strong correlation between trends in earnings estimate revisions and short-term stock price movements. For the current quarter, McDonald's is expected to post earnings of $3.12 per share, indicating a change of +5.1% from the year-ago quarter. The Zacks Consensus Estimate has changed +0.7% over the last 30 days. For the current fiscal year, the consensus earnings estimate of $12.22 points to a change of +4.3% from the prior year. Over the last 30 days, this estimate has changed -0.3%. For the next fiscal year, the consensus earnings estimate of $13.17 indicates a change of +7.8% from what McDonald's is expected to report a year ago. Over the past month, the estimate has changed -0.7%. With an impressive externally audited track record, our proprietary stock rating tool -- the Zacks Rank -- is a more conclusive indicator of a stock's near-term price performance, as it effectively harnesses the power of earnings estimate revisions. The size of the recent change in the consensus estimate, along with three other factors related to earnings estimates, has resulted in a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) for McDonald's. The chart below shows the evolution of the company's forward 12-month consensus EPS estimate: Even though a company's earnings growth is arguably the best indicator of its financial health, nothing much happens if it cannot raise its revenues. It's almost impossible for a company to grow its earnings without growing its revenue for long periods. Therefore, knowing a company's potential revenue growth is crucial. For McDonald's, the consensus sales estimate for the current quarter of $6.67 billion indicates a year-over-year change of +2.7%. For the current and next fiscal years, $26.32 billion and $27.8 billion estimates indicate +1.6% and +5.6% changes, respectively. McDonald's reported revenues of $5.96 billion in the last reported quarter, representing a year-over-year change of -3.5%. EPS of $2.67 for the same period compares with $2.70 a year ago. Compared to the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $6.08 billion, the reported revenues represent a surprise of -2.12%. The EPS surprise was +1.14%. Over the last four quarters, McDonald's surpassed consensus EPS estimates two times. The company topped consensus revenue estimates just once over this period. Without considering a stock's valuation, no investment decision can be efficient. In predicting a stock's future price performance, it's crucial to determine whether its current price correctly reflects the intrinsic value of the underlying business and the company's growth prospects. While comparing the current values of a company's valuation multiples, such as price-to-earnings (P/E), price-to-sales (P/S) and price-to-cash flow (P/CF), with its own historical values helps determine whether its stock is fairly valued, overvalued, or undervalued, comparing the company relative to its peers on these parameters gives a good sense of the reasonability of the stock's price. The Zacks Value Style Score (part of the Zacks Style Scores system), which pays close attention to both traditional and unconventional valuation metrics to grade stocks from A to F (an An is better than a B; a B is better than a C; and so on), is pretty helpful in identifying whether a stock is overvalued, rightly valued, or temporarily undervalued. McDonald's is graded F on this front, indicating that it is trading at a premium to its peers. Click here to see the values of some of the valuation metrics that have driven this grade. The facts discussed here and much other information on Zacks.com might help determine whether or not it's worthwhile paying attention to the market buzz about McDonald's. However, its Zacks Rank #3 does suggest that it may perform in line with the broader market in the near term. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research We recently published a list of The Best and Worst Dow Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other Dow stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a benchmark index of the top 30 companies in the US. It represents the strength of the […] HD faces near-term sales and EPS pressure. However, long-term growth plans and strong retail strategy keep investor sentiment cautiously optimistic. XOM's low-carbon ammonia supply agreement is contingent upon the U.S. energy giant making a final investment decision on the construction of its planned hydrogen facility. Big Tech's AI and advertising giants are faring better against tariffs than the likes of Apple. While I don't expect my daughter to become a stock-picking fanatic like me, I've enjoyed building a portfolio with her that is full of simple(ish) businesses that any elementary-aged kid might appreciate.  With tariff turbulence helping Union Pacific's price to tumble 22% from its highs, now looks like the perfect time to buy the steady stock. My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b Many retirement savers with sizable tax-deferred accounts like a 401(k) are interested in converting those funds to Roth accounts so they can escape having to pay Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) and the associated taxes after they retire. It's not always the right move, in part because of the hefty upfront tax bill on conversions. However, […] The post I’m 60 With $750k in my 401(k). Should I Convert $75,000 per Year to Avoid RMDs in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset. The vast majority of retirees work and save their entire adult lives in order to be able to slow down and enjoy their golden years. Unfortunately, many people fall behind and struggle to have enough... Commodity ETFs can help to hedge your portfolio against inflation. A custodial account is a popular way to invest for a child’s future.