Title: Jim Cramer on McDonald’s Corporation (MCD): ‘Market Worries Overblown — Time to Buy’
Date: 2025-05-07 17:13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jim-cramer-mcdonald-corporation-mcd-171326686.html?.tsrc=rss

We recently published a list ofJim Cramer Reveals Trump’s Potential Secret Weapon In China Trade Talks & Discusses These 10 Stocks.In this article, we are going to take a look at where McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed the impacts that tariffs have had on businesses. He shared that firms are scrambling to diversify their supply chains from China as higher costs affect business margins. Using the example of the firm known for making Monopoly and Nerf, Cramer commented: “Well I mean look everybody’s scrambling, I know that. . .[toy company’s] scrambling everywhere to be able to make it so that a nine dollar toy doesn’t cost 19. And I think that our companies are, often, not given the credit that they deserve to be able to get things to move around, pull their weight, do things overseas, David, it’s not like they’re the only ones, China, that can make this stuff. Cause the stuff is not like, it’s not like making a Grace Blackwell GB200 NVIDIA chip.” One material that’s caught Cramer’s attention is ethane. He believes that ethane’s role in the plastics supply chain and the fact that China can’t make it can enable the material to play a key role in President Trump’s trade talks. Cramer commented: “We have to focus on this ethylene, because it’s the one thing that they’re panicked on in China. They’re not panicked on copper, they’re panicked that they’re not getting ethane, which makes ethylene, which makes plastic. Because boy do they ever make make plastic.” In fact, Cramer went as far as to ‘advise’ the President and his team to leverage US ethane production against China: “But the building block of all that stuff is Louisiana, ethane. If the President and Navarros and these trade guys were to say, you know what guys, we saw that you wouldn’t tariff ethane, cause you need it so bad, we’re done, we’re gonna ship it to Korea. Then see what happens. That’s what they should do. That’s like, free advice there.” As for the car industry, Cramer believes that Trump’s advisor Peter Navarro won’t be satisfied even if some car companies build their assembly plans in America. “Peter Navarro would say over and over, we need the engines made we don’t want the assembly,” he believes. To make our list of the stocks that Jim Cramer talked about, we listed down the stocks he mentioned during CNBC’s Squawk on the Street aired on May 1st. For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here). Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q4 2024: 67 McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) is one of the largest fast-food chains in the world. The firm is exposed to consumer spending, but tariff uncertainty has helped it as investors flee to stocks with low China exposure. Cramer has also appreciated this fact in his previous comments about McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD). He kept at it in his recent thoughts: “McDonald’s down five, come on we knew it was gonna be great. Will you stop? Go buy McDonald’s. That a new theme.” Overall, MCDranks 8thon our list of stocks that Jim Cramer recently discussed. While we acknowledge the potential of MCD as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MCD but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Nowand30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires. Disclosure: None. This article is originally published atInsider Monkey. The most talked about and market moving research calls around Wall Street are now in one place. Here are today’s research calls that investors need to know, as compiled by The Fly. Top Upgrades: Benchmark upgraded Playstudios (MYPS) to Speculative Buy from Hold with a $2 price target after the company’s results “demonstrated operating resilience and strategic focus despite topline pressure” in Q1. More bullish on the stock, Hovde Group upgraded Lakeland Financial (LKFN) to Outperform from Market We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Rediscovers Love For Magnificent 7 & Discusses These 11 Stocks In this article, we are going to take a look at where Shake Shack Inc. (NYSE:SHAK) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In his recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer found […] BellRing Brands (BRBR) could produce exceptional returns because of its solid growth attributes. BEVERLY HILLS, California (Reuters) -Market uncertainty caused by U.S. President Donald Trump's erratic policymaking and aggressive stance on tariffs hung heavily over an investor gathering in Los Angeles this week, with many saying it is time to pivot to non-U.S. assets for more clarity.  Concerns over the U.S. economic trajectory, and growing chances of an imminent recession fueled by White House trade policies were major topics at the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, where Wall Street dealmakers and global investors gathered to raise capital, sell companies and get a handle on the industry's mood.  On panels and in more than a dozen private interviews on Monday and Tuesday, attendees said the U.S. economy's size and depth of its capital markets left few viable alternatives for a dramatic shift away from American assets. We have published an article titled Billionaire David Tepper’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stands against David Tepper’s other stock picks. The S&P 500 has returned 12.29% over the past 12 months as of May 2, 2025. In the […] We came across a bullish thesis on Smart Sand, Inc. (SND) on Substack by Unemployed Value Degen. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on SND. Smart Sand, Inc. (SND)’s share was trading at $2.10 as of April 30th. SND’s trailing P/E was 26.19 according to Yahoo Finance. Smart Sand (SND) is a publicly traded […] We came across a bullish thesis on STAG Industrial, Inc. (STAG) on Substack by Steve Wagner. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on STAG. STAG Industrial, Inc. (STAG)’s share was trading at $33.09 as of May 1st. STAG’s trailing P/E was 24.88 according to Yahoo Finance. STAG Industrial (STAG) enters 2025 on solid footing, […] We came across a bullish thesis on Atlas Energy Solutions Inc. (AESI) on Substack by Unemployed Value Degen. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on AESI. Atlas Energy Solutions Inc. (AESI)’s share was trading at $13.53 as of April 30th. AESI’s trailing and forward P/E were 24.60 and 9.80 respectively according to Yahoo Finance. […] We have published an article titled Billionaire Richard Chilton’s 10 Stock Picks with Huge Upside Potential. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Canadian Pacific Kansas City Limited (NYSE:CP) stands against Richard Chilton’s other stock picks. Richard Chilton is a veteran investor and the founder of Chilton Investment Company, a long-standing […] My wife and I are both 56. We have around $1.2 million saved – approximately $450,000 in company 401(k)s, $650,000 in a managed account, and approximately $70,000 in personal stocks. We also have approximately $22,000 in savings. Our home is worth $700,000 or more and we owe $197,000 with a 3.875% interest rate. Our advisor […] The post Ask an Advisor: We’re 56 With $1.2 Million in Investments and Savings. Can We Afford to Withdraw $60k-$80k Per Year in Retirement? appeared first on SmartReads b