Title: Delta Air Lines (DAL)_ Among the Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 21-22
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/delta-air-lines-dal-among-212204153.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
We recently published a list of 10 Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ​​Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) stands against other best economic recovery stocks to buy.
Economic cycles, as defined by economists, alternate between periods of growth, peak, recession, and recovery, depending on the stage that a country’s economy is at. In particular, the term “economic recovery” describes the period that follows a recession and is characterized by improving employment, increased business activity and investment, rising consumer confidence, and accelerating GDP growth. Recoveries usually start after governments enact fiscal and monetary policies to stimulate investment and spending – the primary stimulative instrument in the US has been the FED funds rate. When an economic recovery kicks in, the sectors that tend to outperform are the cyclical ones – consumer discretionary, industrial, financial, and technology – driven by both a recovery in the previously depressed valuations as well as by broad acceleration in growth.
Another important consideration for investors is that the stock market and the economy do not move in sync; the former tends to be a forward-looking animal, meaning that stock prices tend to rise in anticipation of an economic recovery, while the actual economic conditions may still be depressed and reflect low GDP growth, high unemployment and sluggish private spending. Consequently, the key takeaway for readers is that investments in economic recovery stocks shall be made during peak uncertainty and pain, at or near a market bottom when everyone is fearful and reluctant to buy. As the legendary Warren Buffet has put it,
“Be fearful when others are greedy and be greedy when others are fearful.”
READ ALSO: 11 Best Counter Cyclical Stocks to Buy According to Analysts.
The US economy and stock market are the most developed in the world and often reflect textbook examples of economic cycles. The previous unofficial recession in the US occurred in 2022, when the GDP growth posted 2 quarters of negative growth amid a sharp increase in interest rates to combat rising inflation. The stock market moved in sync with the economy during that year. The following year, 2023, resembled a slow recovery fueled by the emergence of the AI megatrend as well as strong public spending on infrastructure and other large projects. Calendar 2024 and early 2025 resembled an economic peak, as growth moderated and private spending became weaker. In such moments, even the slightest economic headwind and/or uncertainty can trigger a recession and a broad market meltdown. That’s exactly what happened with the new Trump 2.0 administration, which brought plenty of uncertainty related to tariffs and sharp cuts in the public sector.
While most investors are currently concerned about declining stock prices (the main US stock market benchmark is down over 11% at the time of this write-up since its February peak), the smart money is already looking for signals of a potential recovery. Atlanta Fed projects that the US economy posted negative real GDP growth in Q1 2025, estimated at -2.4%; given the uncertainty and tariff threats persisting in April as well, chances are that Q2 2025 will be in negative territory as well, which would mark an official recession. The problem is that the stock market already prices in such a scenario, which makes it difficult to exploit or hedge against. The only plausible move at the moment is to look for economic recovery stocks in an attempt to time the market bottom. We believe there are solid reasons to believe that the stock market bottomed out in early April and that things will only improve going forward.
The most important signal in favor of a potential economic recovery ahead is that Trump’s tariffs proliferate as a short-term negotiation tool only, which seems to work well in relation to most trading partners. On April 9, Trump announced a 90-day pause in new tariffs for 75 countries until negotiations to discuss potential solutions are arranged. Here’s how Kevin Breuninger, a CNBC journalist, commented the following on the recent developments:
The White House is clarifying that Trump’s announcement of a 90-day tariff “pause” means that the “tariff level will be brought down to a universal 10% tariff” during that time, while “negotiations are ongoing.” That respite does not apply to China, which will see U.S. tariffs on its goods rise to 125%.
We see this announcement as a sign that chances are high that the US will reach a positive agreement with the 75 countries mentioned. While the situation with China is still intense, things could deescalate if other countries reach agreements with the US and set the stage for China as well. In this context, if the tariffs saga is successfully navigated, the main headwind for the economy will dissipate, potentially triggering a broad economic recovery that would push stock prices higher. With that being said, we may currently be at an opportune moment to pick the best economic recovery stocks.
An aerial view of a commercial aircraft taking off from a coastal hub.
We used a screener to identify stocks with at least a 20% revenue compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) in the last 5 years. Then, we selected the top 10 stocks with the largest estimated average analysts’ upside and included them in the article in ascending order. For each stock, we also include the number of hedge funds that own the stock as of Q4 2024. The stocks are ranked according to the upside potential.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
Estimated average analysts’ upside: 65.25%
Revenue CAGR last 5 years: 20.28%
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 84
​​Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) is a major global airline that operates passenger flights and cargo across six continents. The company operates over 4,000 daily flights to more than 275 destinations, with the busiest destinations being in the US. Beyond passenger services, DAL provides cargo transport, aircraft maintenance, repair, and overhaul services, as well as vacation packages. It is well-known that travel demand increases during economic recoveries, and DAL’s large scale and diversification across geographic regions makes it well-positioned to capture any acceleration in traffic.
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) delivered record Q4 revenue of $14.4 billion, with pretax profit of $1.6 billion and earnings per share of $1.85, marking the largest December quarter profit in the company’s history. For the full year 2024, DAL achieved a return on invested capital of 13% that doubled the rest of the industry. The company generated $3.4 billion in free cash flow, a nearly $1.5 billion improvement over 2023, which supported debt reduction and a 50% increase in the quarterly dividend.
Looking ahead to 2025, Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) expects to deliver its best financial year in history with revenue growth and margin expansion record profitability, projecting EPS growth of over 20% on a YoY basis. The company is experiencing strong demand momentum across all segments, with corporate sales growing 10% YoY and American Express remuneration up 14% YoY. Management’s strategic focus includes expanding premium offerings, with more than 85% of incremental seats in 2025 planned for premium cabins while maintaining efficient growth across high-margin premium cabins in their most profitable hubs. We expect DAL to potentially surprise on growth during a broad market acceleration and hence include it in 5th place on our list of best economic recovery stocks to buy.
Overall, DAL ranks 5th on our list of best economic recovery stocks to buy. While we acknowledge the potential of DAL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than DAL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Delta (DAL) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 15% and 1.67%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2025. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock?
We recently published a list of 10 Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS) stands against other best economic recovery stocks to buy. Economic cycles, as defined by economists, alternate between periods of growth, peak, recession, and recovery, depending […]
We recently published a list of 10 Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Ingersoll Rand Inc. (NYSE:IR) stands against other best economic recovery stocks to buy. Economic cycles, as defined by economists, alternate between periods of growth, peak, recession, and recovery, depending on […]
We recently published a list of 10 Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where ​​TD SYNNEX Corporation (NYSE:SNX) stands against other best economic recovery stocks to buy. Economic cycles, as defined by economists, alternate between periods of growth, peak, recession, and recovery, depending on […]
We recently published a list of 10 Best Economic Recovery Stocks to Buy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Shopify Inc. Class A Subordinate Voting Shares (NASDAQ:SHOP) stands against other best economic recovery stocks to buy. Economic cycles, as defined by economists, alternate between periods of growth, peak, recession, […]
The Nasdaq-100 and Nasdaq Composite indexes have officially entered bear market territory, down by more than 20% from their all-time highs.  Many of their component stocks are down even more than that, including technology giant Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG), which is trading 29% below its peak as of this writing.  The company that owns Google, YouTube, and Android has been on a roller-coaster ride ever since OpenAI's ChatGPT went viral over two years ago, and at the moment, the track is sloping downward.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
