Title: Zacks Earnings Trends Highlights_ Walmart and Delta Air Lines
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 09-00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zacks-earnings-trends-highlights-walmart-090000612.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
Chicago, IL – April 10, 2025 – Zacks Director of Research Sheraz Mian says, "Total 2025 Q1 earnings for the S&P 500 index are expected to be up +5.8% from the same period last year on +3.8% higher revenues. But that's not the main story."
Note: The following is an excerpt from this week’s Earnings Trends report. You can access the full report that contains detailed historical actual and estimates for the current and following periods, please click here>>>
Here are the key points:
The Q1 earnings season will be less about what companies earned in the first quarter of 2025 and more about sizing up the earnings impact of the emerging tariff and macroeconomic backdrop. Pre-announcements and guidance from some of the early reporting companies suggest that most companies may be forced to withdraw or lower their earlier guidance given the tariff-induced uncertainty.
Guidance is always the most important aspect of any earnings season, but it will be an even more significant part of the Q1 reporting cycle.
Total 2025 Q1 earnings for the S&P 500 index are expected to be up +5.8% from the same period last year on +3.8% higher revenues, which would follow the +14.1% earnings growth on +5.7% revenue growth in the preceding period.
Concerning year-over-year earnings growth, 8 of the 16 Zacks sectors are expected to enjoy positive earnings growth, with Medical (+33.6% growth), Utilities (+15.0%), Transportation (+8.6%), and Tech (+12.5%) as the major growth drivers.
The guidance headlines from Walmart WMT and Delta Air Lines DAL are a sign of things to come as we head into the Q1 earnings season. The magnitude of uncertainty is so high that most management teams that already provide explicit guidance will likely either withdraw the outlook altogether or lower the bound of their guided range.
You would recall that back in January, at the time of its 2024 Q4 earnings release, Delta expected this year to be a new company record. Delta had walked some of the earlier bullishness back in its early March pre-announcement when it noted a decelerating trend in corporate sales; they have now withdrawn the full-year outlook.
Walmart’s lower earnings guidance for the current quarter (fiscal quarter ending in April) reflects ‘price investments’ and an unfavorable merchandise mix, both reflecting the impact of tariffs and consumer spending. We had been seeing this in the revisions trend already, with estimates steadily coming down.
The Tech sector has been a significant growth driver in recent quarters, and we saw the same trend at play in 2024 Q4. For Q1, Tech sector earnings are expected to be up +12.5% from the same period last year on +10.2% higher revenues, the 7th quarter in a row of double-digit earnings growth.
This would follow the sector’s +26.4% earnings growth on +11.4% higher revenues in 2024 Q4.
The Tech sector has also been among the few sectors that have steadily enjoyed an improving earnings outlook, with estimates increasing steadily over the past year. However, the more recent data on this count shows a shift in the revisions trend, with estimates for Q1 modestly under pressure since January.
Total S&P 500 earnings for the current period (2025 Q1) are currently expected to be up +5.8% from the same period last year on +3.8% higher revenues. Estimates for the period came down since the quarter got underway.
We saw a broad-based negative revisions trend for Q1 and are starting to see a similar trend at play for Q2 and beyond as well.
The expectation is for double-digit earnings growth in each of the next two years, with the number of sectors enjoying strong growth notably expanding from the narrow base we have been seeing lately.
However, we should keep in mind that these expectations will most likely be adjusted downward as the effects of slowing U.S. economic growth and tariffs begin to be reflected in diminished corporate profitability. We are already starting to see that downshift in estimates, which will likely accelerate as we go into the heart of the Q1 reporting cycle.
Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of +48.4%, +50.2% and +56.7% per year.
Today you can access their live picks without cost or obligation.
See Stocks Free >>
Media Contact
Zacks Investment Research
800-767-3771 ext. 9339
support@zacks.com
https://www.zacks.com
Zacks.com provides investment resources and informs you of these resources, which you may choose to use in making your own investment decisions. Zacks is providing information on this resource to you subject to the Zacks "Terms and Conditions of Service" disclaimer. www.zacks.com/disclaimer.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss.This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Walmart Inc. (WMT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
An aviation industry analyst believes air travel could face "demand destruction" as a result of the Trump administration's tariff policies.
Historic gains offer short-term relief, but market patterns signal caution ahead.
U.S. Donald Trump ratcheted up a trade war with China even as he did an about turn on steep new reciprocal tariffs on most trading partners on Wednesday.  Trump hiked the tariff on Chinese imports to 125% from the 104% level that kicked in on Wednesday.  Beijing may again respond in kind after slapping 84% tariffs on U.S. imports on Wednesday to match Trump's earlier tariff salvo.
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies jumped Thursday, mirroring global stocks surging in relief from Trump’s 90-day pause of some tariffs.
If you are looking to put some money to work in the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) during this period, you should focus on keeping things simple so you don't let your emotions lead you to questionable choices.  A plain vanilla S&P 500 exchange-traded fund (ETF) would be a good call in some cases, but here's an even easier-to-understand S&P 500 index ETF you might want to consider instead given the circumstances of this particular market.  The S&P 500 index is a well-structured measure of the market's performance.
The Q1 earnings season will be less about what companies earned in the first quarter of 2025 and more about sizing up the earnings impact of the emerging tariff and macroeconomic backdrop.
Jack Henry & Associates, Science Applications and DXC Technology have been highlighted in this Industry Outlook article.
Despite pulling its full-year guidance, Delta Air Lines' earnings report is actually quite impressive given the current environment.
The S 500 soared through the first zone of resistance, but there are sellers who are likely hoping for a little further rise so they can start unloading.
The retailer has not canceled any orders yet because of the tariff drama.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
