Title: Are Delta's Earnings a Good Omen for U.S. Stocks_
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 08-41
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/10/are-deltas-earnings-a-good-omen-for-us-stocks/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=cfb81e67-a160-4d7f-b08a-f535875374cf&.tsrc=rss
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Founded in 1993, The Motley Fool is a financial services company dedicated to making the world smarter, happier, and richer. The Motley Fool reaches millions of people every month through our premium investing solutions, free guidance and market analysis on Fool.com, personal finance education, top-rated podcasts, and non-profit The Motley Fool Foundation.
Key Points
Despite pulling its full-year guidance, Delta Air Lines' earnings report is actually quite impressive given the current environment.
Markets often look to airlines for clues about the health of the economy. Now that U.S. stocks have been beaten down, any clues about the economy today are both timely and valuable. So Delta Air Lines' (DAL -11.14%) recent quarterly report is worth a closer look.
When the company reported quarterly results this week and pulled its full-year guidance, it could've easily sparked concern. But looking past this ominous detail tells quite a different story. Delta's results and guidance for the current quarter might actually reinforce a bullish theme -- the incredible resilience of the U.S. consumer and, by extension, the economy.Even though Delta withdrew its full-year guidance on Tuesday amid economic uncertainty, its shares jumped following its quarterly report. Below, I'll take a look at why Delta shares popped and, more importantly, why the report may be a positive indicator of the United States' ability to weather potential storms ahead as tariff negotiations continue to rile the market.
Delta's operating revenue in its first quarter of 2025 rose 2% year over year, the company revealed in its earnings release on Wednesday. Additionally, earnings per share came in at $0.46 for the period, beating analysts' average forecast of $0.39.
Notably, however, the airline lowered its forecast for its first-quarter revenue and earnings per share (EPS) last month. So the first-quarter per-share profit figure wasn't as good as the company originally anticipated.
However, things start to get more upbeat when you look beneath the hood. While Delta's anemic first-quarter revenue growth was unimpressive, the underlying revenue mix tells a more bullish story.
"Through the quarter, diverse, high-margin revenue streams showed resilience, improving over prior year and approaching 60 percent of total revenue," said Delta president Glen Hauenstein in the company's first-quarter earnings release. Notably, premium cabin revenue jumped 7% year over year, continuing to outpace main cabin growth.
Additionally, Delta said its international revenue rose in the mid-single digits on a year-over-year basis. Both of these figures show that Delta's more loyal, high-margin core customers are doing quite well.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025
Further, Delta remains upbeat about these customers going into the current quarter. Management guided for flat year-over-year revenue growth for Q2 but said it's seeing "continued resilience in premium, loyalty and international partially offsetting Domestic and main cabin softness."
Delta's results highlight two specific reasons investors shouldn't count out the U.S. economy yet.
First, the results show a resilient consumer. The company is seeing sustained strength in premium travel, loyalty programs, and international demand -- all signs that U.S. consumers, especially at the higher end, are still spending. Additionally, guidance for current-quarter revenue to be about flat, compared to the year-ago quarter -- even as the U.S. is in the middle of tariff negotiations at an unprecedented scale -- shows surprising overall resilience considering the circumstances.
Second, Delta's solid Q1 results and management's commentary about the rest of the year show how U.S. businesses can adapt to a changing environment. The company, for instance, has been managing costs well, with non-fuel unit cost growing slower than expected during Q1. Further, considering the uncertainty in the economy today, Delta is reducing its capacity growth in anticipation of weaker demand -- a move that will help it keep costs in check.
While investors should keep an eye on the developing situation with tariffs, Delta's display of a resilient consumer and entrepreneurial agility are two reasons to be hopeful about how the U.S. could fair this year.



Before you buy stock in Delta Air Lines, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Delta Air Lines wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $509,884!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $700,739!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 820% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 158% for the S&P 500. Don't miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you join Stock Advisor.
See the 10 stocks ›

*Stock Advisor returns as of April 9, 2025


Daniel Sparks has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Delta Air Lines. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off new member flash sale!
Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has historically beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!** New members can get a 55% discount* AND Stock Advisor’s top 10 stock recommendations. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to invest in your future!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price. Offer expires on April 11, 2025 at 11:59 pm PST. **Stock Advisor and S&P returns as of April 10, 2025.
Alert: Top Cash Back Card Now Offers 0% Intro APR Until 2026
Enjoy 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers well into 2026—plus up to 5% cash back in popular categories.
Stocks Mentioned

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
Related Articles
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2025 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends
Stock Advisor for only $199 $89!* (save $110)

Since inception, Motley Fool Stock Advisor has beaten the S&P 500 by 661.71%!**
While uncertainty is on the rise, remember that volatility can also present great investing opportunities. Take advantage of our 55% off* for new members and gain access to our exclusive list of the top 10 stocks to buy right now!
Continue ›
*$89/year is a promotional price for new members only. 55% discount based on current list price of Stock Advisor of $199/year. Membership will renew annually at the then current list price.**Returns as of April 10, 2025.
