Title: CarMax Pulls Financial Target Timelines on Trade Volatility
Date (YYYY-MM-DD hour-min):2025-04-10 15-06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/carmax-pulls-financial-target-timelines-150622227.html?.tsrc=rss
Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Oops, something went wrong
How the bond market helped make Trump blink on tariffs
The Dow fell 1,000 points, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were crushed as stocks resumed a tariff-fueled sell-off
Trump's total tariff on China is actually 145%, the White House said, an amount higher than the 125% previously reported
Stocks hit session lows as focus turned to the US-China trade war. The Dow lost over 1,200 points, and the Nasdaq plunged 4.5%.
The Dow plummeted 900 points and the Nasdaq plunged over 3% as a tariff-fueled sell-off picked up speed again.
Stocks plummet as Wall Street's euphoria from Trump's tariff pause gets a reality check
Inflation unexpectedly tumbled in March, and core CPI rose at its slowest pace in four years.
The EU matched Trump's 90-day pause on tariffs to 'give negtiations a chance.' See our live updates.
The 'Trump put' makes an appearance
March's report could be last time investors see inflation easing. Here's what to expect.
Stocks wanted one thing from Trump after his shocking tariff announcement last week. They finally got it today.
Stocks staged a wild rally after Trump's tariff reversal. The Dow gained near 3,000 points and the S&P 500 had its best day since 2008.
Trump nodded to market turbulence as a factor in his 'reciprocal' tariff pause, saying investors were 'yippy' and 'afraid'
The Nasdaq was up 10%, aiming for its biggest gain since 2008, after Trump paused some tariffs. The Dow soared 2,500 points.
Trump unilaterally raises tariff rate on China to 125%, pauses 'reciprocal' tariffs on other countries
The major indexes rocketed higher after Trump announced a '90-day pause on tariffs for most countries.
Investors grapple with bond chaos as long-term yields soar following Trump's sweeping tariffs
Trump tries to reassure Americans as markets reel from tariff shocks
JPMorgan's Dimon: US recession now a 'likely outcome'
Dow slides, Nasdaq rises after China strikes back against Trump's tariffs
China strikes back by raising tariff on US goods to 84% after Trump's massive duties take effect
What rankles Elon Musk the most — and what he actually likes — about Trump's trade approach
A diminished ‘Magnificent 7’ tests Big Tech’s role in the market
Trump tariffs live updates: US moves forward with 104% China tariffs, other 'reciprocal' duties go into effect
Low mortgage rates from tariff pain? Don't count on it.
Bill Ackman is waging a public campaign to sway Trump's tariffs. Here's what the billionaire says should happen next.
Tariff-fueled losses for the megacaps have topped $2 trillion, as Tesla and Apple led Tuesday's sell-off
Stocks completed a remarkable U-turn, with the Dow ending 300 points lower as Trump's tariffs sparked more volatility
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq turned red after an early rally, as the White House said Trump would move forward with 104% China tariffs.
Markets are wrestling with a mystery: What exactly does Trump want from tariff talks?
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq surge in Wall Street rebound as hopes for Trump tariff deals get a boost
Wall Street got a preview of what could stop the tariff turmoil
'No signal, lots of noise': Sell-off cools down as Trump's tariffs drive wild swings in stock market
Some of Trump's closest allies, including Elon Musk and Bill Ackman, are starting to raise questions about his tariff team
The Trump stock market crash will hurt Main Street more than Wall Street
Dow sinks 350 points, S&P 500 falls for third straight day as tariffs send stocks on roller-coaster ride
BlackRock's Fink says most CEOs tell him 'we are probably in a recession right now'
Wall Street bulls are ripping up their forecasts as the market's tariff-fueled meltdown 'projects negative outcomes to infinity'
Trump threatens additional tariffs on China if it doesn't scrap its plans for retaliation
Stocks whipsawed in volatile trading as investors sought clarity on tariff developments. See the latest updates.
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq plummet as Trump tariff rout set to continue
Jamie Dimon warns of slower growth, higher inflation as tariffs add 'one large additional straw on the camel’s back'
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures plunge as Trump tariff rout gets set to escalate
Trump says markets may have to 'take medicine' as stock futures plummet
Analysts say stocks have 'ample space' to keep selling off as Trump and top advisers dig in on tariffs
Stock futures plunge as Trump tariff rout looks set to intensify
Homebuyers waiting for lower mortgage rates may wonder if rates will ever get to 3% again. Here's what to know.
Opinion: There are too many unknowns to be able to model a clean market forecast right now.
Builders sitting on a pile of unsold homes are slashing prices and offering mortgage rate deals
Trump administration officials appeared on Sunday shows as markets brace for more turmoil
(Bloomberg) -- CarMax Inc. backed away from the timing of its financial goals, joining a growing list of companies indicating that uncertainty around President Donald Trump’s trade war is making long-term planning difficult.
While the used-car retailer said it was making progress toward its targets, it will remove the timelines associated with them due to “the potential impact of broader macro factors.” CarMax revealed the decision Thursday in a statement that also detailed worse-than-expected fourth-quarter results.
Its shares tumbled as much as 21% in New York, the biggest intraday decline since September 2022.
The guidance change reflects uncertainty in the market but wasn’t a “pessimistic” move, Chief Executive Officer Bill Nash said on a conference call with analysts to discuss earnings. “Why put a target out there that’s really speculative not knowing exactly where this environment is going to go?”
CarMax is the latest company to walk back long-term targets amid economic volatility and confusion surrounding US trade policy. Delta Air Lines Inc. on Wednesday pulled its 2025 profit guidance, saying it couldn’t reasonably predict how the rest of the year would play out.
Trump’s tariffs are expected to have a particularly severe impact on the auto industry, with a 25% levy on imports driving up prices for new cars and having spillover effects on the used market. Carbuyers rushed to dealer lots last month to beat the potential price hikes, boosting sales of new vehicles in the US.
Higher Demand, Prices
CarMax is “seeing a lot of interest” in used cars right now given the expected impacts of tariffs, Nash said. The company’s average selling price of a used car rose for the first time in more than two years.
However, the cost of parts that it buys to recondition its vehicles will also rise, Nash said. “We’re looking at mitigation plans from a parts standpoint.”
CarMax said last year it aimed to sell more than 2 million total retail and wholesale units annually between fiscal 2026 and 2030. It also expected to post $33 billion in annual revenue and have a more than a 5% nationwide market share of used vehicles from almost new to 10 years old.
The company on Thursday reported fiscal fourth-quarter earnings per share of 58 cents, missing the 65-cent average of analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
Sales were relatively strong in December and January, Nash said, but softened in February compared to a year ago, which benefited from a leap day. He also cited a delay in tax refunds that may have affected sales in the month.
--With assistance from Brandon Harden.
(Updates with details from earnings call.)
More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
(Reuters) -CarMax is expanding its inventory of newer pre-owned vehicles, as U.S. President Donald Trump's latest tariffs on new car imports are expected to significantly boost demand for more affordable options.  The company said it was prioritizing inventory in vehicles aged between six and 10 years, while pulling back from older models as more customers now prefer newer cars with modern driver-aid systems.  The move comes as Trump's tariffs on automotive imports raise concerns over the affordability of new vehicles.
The U.S. auto sector is taking a beating.
KMX reports Q4 results and expects fiscal 2026 capital expenditure to be approximately $575 million compared with $467.9 million in fiscal 2025.
Anyone at any age, at any wealth level, can make a smart spending plan.
I am a 66-year-old retired woman. I left my 401(k) with my old employer – roughly about $300,000 – but now I’m thinking about rolling it over and don't know where to begin. Can you advise me? -Renee Rolling over a 401(k) after retirement is a decision many people face, and while the process isn't […] The post Ask an Advisor: I’m 66 With $300k in My Old 401(k). What Are My Rollover Options? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Is it wise to start converting my 401(k) into an IRA (and then Roth) by 10% per year in order to avoid having to claim too much income each year when converting and also avoid RMDs as much as I can? -Cathy It's definitely smart to be thinking about this, Cathy. Systematic Roth conversions like […] The post Ask an Advisor: Is it Wise to Convert 10% of My 401(k) into a Roth IRA Each Year to Avoid Taxes and RMDs? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
You've worked hard ever since you got that first job as a teenager. Over the years, you've gone from scooping ice cream to leading project teams, and you've built a solid financial foundation. As...
These are the largest publicly traded companies and members of the trillion-dollar club.
Here are the top Nasdaq ETFs and key things you need to look for.
Medicare premium increases aren't permanent, but they can have a long tail if you don't manage your income properly. While most people receive Medicare Part A for free, Parts B and D typically include monthly premiums. Depending on your household income, those premiums might be increased by a needs-based surcharge called the Income-Related Monthly Adjustment […] The post I Withdrew $85k from My 401(k) This Year But It Increased My Medicare Premiums. Is This Permanent? appeared first on SmartRead
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio
Try again.
